The shit that comes out of my mom's mouth. I wonder where I get my # no filter & from. # g r and mais best
Oh great hello sore throat >.< this week just keeps getting better and better
This week has just been great
Damage on tv: is it 1998 still?!
I love going to the doctor.
Ramones! Who would've thought of forming a band with a guitar,bass and drum basic format and change music!? ?
A night of wasting time with people I barely know is the pinnacle of all that's pleasant.
it's nice to know you care
Eden park looks chocka for the 9s # not many if any
How come some people know everything. If you know everything why sent you do something else with your life
Just spent three hours in car. Any Packers news?
Married men are so attractive... ya know... especially when they're like... NOT married... that's hot...
Since # cancer isn't enough fun on its own - having # c hem o after a # lung resection surgery is just a blast!!
Made it to # M in ne a polis ... next stop # He a throw and the famous # London food scene! #Will Lose Weight On This Trip Guaranteed
I come home to a yipping lab and a needy tabby. Its hard having 2 kids with special needs. #The Pet Life  #Give Me Pets Plz
Maybe try 10am deal again, Channel 4, I liked that...
Loving all these Xbox one updates # g e e k t we et
I love it when people ignore me.
I can't believe the # Packers fired # Slocum
If # e u r o kicks out # Greece # r u s s i a is going to be happy in order to buy another nation to have full access in Mediterranean see
When bae likes another bae and you end up bae-less # La me #Never Say Bae
You get engaged to her OF COURSE! # du h # s i k e #Dude Youre Fucking Stupid # Blind # good luck
# Group work - because I like doing everything.
So the At&t guy that waited on me had a man bun. Just hating that he had to spend 2 hours with me transferring my info.
In the past 2 months both of Andy's sisters have been arrested. Yep my MIL is who needs to get the boys if Andy and I are gone
Obviously, roads are different. They deserve heavy subsidies, but transit must pay its own way.
I love 200m repeats and throwing up at practice
Sometimes it physically hurts to hold in my sarcastic comments.. # its # my # sixth sense
wow,we lead by only 8 points,I am sure wolfsburg will win the title now :'( # m i a s a n m i a # bay e r n sl a ys
My bike is literally buried & Amy buys exercise thing. (I forget what.) So why on earth would I be mad? No idea. # h o a r der problems
What happens when I get home? A fucking lecture.... thanks, Dad, for making me feel a lot worse than I already do. You're awesome!
I am sooo disappointed Romney is not running in 2016.
It's said that is the lowest form of # wit . To that I say "No, really? Hey, somebody give this person a # Nobel # peace # prize !"
If Richards does come, We go Hollywood! #T M Ltalk
Roy Keane involved in a Road Rage incident... I find that very hard to believe.
Gym. Treadmill. Weights. Does Friday night get any better than this?
THAT KIDS SHORTS DOE omgggg SWAG AS FUCK
So, Nintendo is gonna give ya some money for YOUR “Let’s Play” YT videos depicting their games that you bought. How nice of them.
Re that last rt: Of course not. to think he would would be dumb. .
A car seat with a cover that doesn’t come off, that’s helpful.
JUST IN: Chelsea to buy Kevin De Bruyne for significantly more than they sold him for.
It is that time of the week when everyone has plans except me # my life is awesome
Yes, i do get your hints but i choose to ignore them and play dumb instead. Trust me, youre better off this way
Why yes I do enjoy being lied too.
Well I'm glad you care about my feelings
Not trying to offend drug addicts, but this tape ls behaving like a drug addict in the midst of having is detox medication changed
apparently I'm the only one in this house that can run errands...everyday.
Finally Friday and I think I'm getting sick...yayy
Golf is on TV. Yay, me.
Three more days and i start school, couldn't be more excited # No #Kill Me #True Story # crying
please keep telling me who I can or can't hangout with bc I'll totally listen to you
I also believe in amazing #SEO talent, right here & now. This ain't a bot post made by some cheap social media java skills. # humour
YAY TRAFFIC I LOVE YOU. ?
Paid for my taxes today, now I'm broke! Whoooohoooo!
Oh yes, ending January with a bang!
Don't bother trying to find out who's leading Pheonix Open on social media... Did someone shoot 82 though?? # give him a break
Thrilled to work all night. # bored as fuck
I always pick the perfect times to cry. # real emotion
So glad I'm almost 16 and haven't been able to stay at a friends since September.
Time for #Tina Fey to do another skit on #Sarah Palin - apparently SP has made another gaffe recently #2016? # humor
Never tell a tall person that they are all, they may not know this fact and could go into extreme shock. # tall girl problems
A rap mogul arrested for murder? Who could have seen that coming? What's next? Lousy customer service from # C o m cast ? #Suge Knight
My dad is SO helpful in frustrating situations... # h est he worst
love rainy days bc my oboe and reeds swell up to the size of Texas
Learnin about capitalism and how great it is for everyone!
Talk about a load of bullshit...shit just keeps gettin' better for me... # vent # suicide
Tiger Woods chipping is spectacular.  #PGATOUR
Who cares about denonymizing tor users anyway? The only people that use it never seem to shut up about it.
Had a bad day? Pop into Aldi...their customer service is a thing of beauty!! # maybe its me
So, my wife al ready cheated on me by watching # S c and al without me. I’m afraid #Downton Abbey will be n ex t . # ex t 15 #Blame Ed Kay
I envy people who come up with witty come backs on the spot, cause I need atleast 3 days notice. # true # witty
Luckily I don't need a slash
Noooo, I wouldnt have guessed we were doing Aladdin. How would I have known?  #Coming Home Live Tweet
Sick in time for the weekend . Awesome. # sick # weekend
Now that romney is out, i can't wait for a cruz presidency # go p #2016
I supercharged Firefox with Java and Silverlight.
Roger Goodell: The best unscripted speaker since George W Bush  #Fire Goodell #NFL
Nothing like dad bringing home McDonalds that's colder than the temperature outside. #Nothing Would Have Been Better #Warm Food Sucks
Waiting on a train and hands are freezing #Friday Fun
psyartpsychill: DyingProdigy: whaaat you should work together with other people to accomplish a common goal....no way # vision a r y
DyingProdigy: whaaat you should work together with other people to accomplish a common goal....no way # vision a r y
whaaat you should work together with other people to accomplish a common goal....no way # vision a r y
A lot of college basketball coaches are looking for 6'1 Post players...  #Play Multiple Sports
In other news, I hear Justin Timberlake is considering trademarking the word "sexy."  #But Seriously #T Swift #Not Cool
I try to be funny for you people. #HAHAHA # not cool # l ol
Yeah, Mary. Go and save the day # Re i g n
# Greyhound bus station's song selection is in point today. Halo by Beyonce and Umbrella by Rihanna... Not even sure if
So, a Friday spent doing housework. This has been fun.
Mitt Romney is not going to run for president. How will republicans find another rich boring white guy to replace him?
So, Goossen and Kushner only make it to mid 60s, but King and Arum get to enjoy their 80s? Yeah, there's a god. # box in g
Avicii basically IS the soundtrack to our life. With hit singles, "The Days" and "The Nights" they've just nailed it.
Great way to start Friday morning by cleaning your room
Gotham City Update: The Joker has an Institute on his name now.
Thank you, iPhone, for autocorrecting "favorite" to "abortive." You read my mind.
My whole living room is leaking water... # having a great day
Why don't you tell me how you REALLY feel
Online scheduling is turned off for the semester and since we love paper in our office (  ) bring your add/drop slips to us instead.
Just posted Chapter Two *jazz hands* *spirit fingers* #Oh The Competition ! . I have no idea what this tweet means . Sorry x
Nothing I like more than worrying about what bills to pay and when. The depression that results is the best.
Wow Friday you have treated me so well! # trying to be positive
Totally doesn't look weird that I'm standing at the bus station in front of the place & didn't get on the bus that came by right?
I really appreciate coach barge making us run in the rain
Yes dear I'm looking forward to painting the radiotors in your new office. What a fine way to spend my Sunday...
Finally getting some digital media and animation work done! What better way to spend a friday! # digital media # animation # hash tag
...so i think it'd be best to just assume that 90% of the things i say are sarcastic comments and NOT sincere replies or feelings
Too bad #Mitt Romney isn't running for prez. I'm terribly, terribly heartbroken!
Just spent my morning math PD, learning that I need to let kids collaborate, phew didn't know that...  #Teacher Problems
And now I'm done with that article because I have to go create some unique worlds in the hopes that I'll attract male readers.
There's nothing better than hearing the music of the person next to you at Starbucks because they don't have headphones plugged in.
Darude = six letters Sandstorm = nine letters 9 - 6 = 3 Triangles have three sides Conclusion: Darude Sandstorm is Illuminati
Thats all right... EU may be crumbling down, markets may be crushing, but no worries... Tesla Model S is now faster than ever...
So when is $SHAK getting added to the S&P 500? And maybe it will replace $MCD in the Dow too!
Can I ask, what's with everyone taking 'selfies' in their car? #Real Question Are you driving while taking them?
Uh oh FCPS. We have flurries. We are in danger.
Sure Tobias would just love seeing Skiles again
Whoa anonymous sources and close friends of Mitt Romney were wrong?!
Love how the Broadcast mentioned us going to state # thanks
Mitt Romney isn't running...awww man I'm heartbroken # not # thank god
49 people murdered in a # mosque bomb attack? But nothing to do with # is l am It's the west's fault Ok! Clear on that? # is l am ophobia
So Suge Knight killed someone? NOOOOOOWAYYYYYY! That would never happen
Can we please make up another holiday where I have to buy gifts for people. # America
I can't possibly imagine spending better time on a Friday than by helping my sister move.  #My Back Hurts
So twitter seems to be handling the # B r owns ticket price increase well
Love PD sessions where essential websites are blocked. #E D U Fail
I love that since UNO is on the lake it's always 10x colder with a nice breeze
Today's going freaking swimmingly already!  #Im Good At That
Having Fridays off work is so boring, I'm having to watch goal on Netflix # best film ever
Plot twist! This common cold has turned into vomiting at 2:30am. YAY # help
I picked up weekend in-home therapy. Yay no more weekends for me
Cleaning the basement. Happy happy joy joy.
#Worst Way To Be Woken Up By an incredibly beautiful intelligent women.
I'm so happy that the chronically under-served classic rock market in Winnipeg has finally been given a shot in the arm today.
Marco in the 27 machine? Luca Filippi is driving for CFH? What is happening in this world? I want my money back IndyCar. Shhh.
Oh. Good. More snow. I was afraid we'd run out. # i hates now # is it spring yet
This morning could not get any better
Oh and a cold sore... If anything else wants to piss on my week that would be grand... # not my week # f ml
I just love it when a proj I worked on for 2 days straight is ignored & proj scope is expanded on the fly requiring more research.
It's so great to hear Van Gaal won't be buying players this January Transfer Window....
Today puts the cherry on top of this perfect week
: having to buy tires is so awesome | #Friday Fun
I hope sportscenter doesn't actually show highlights of any sports from yesterday and only talk about the superbowl again.
I think I have trouble remembering how to spell "embarrassed" because it so rarely happens to me and I never have to write it.
Petitions I really want to sign are most awesome when only posted behind glass panels.
Rap Mogul #Suge Knight in trouble with the law again... Well theres something u dont see everyday..
It only took ONE HOUR to get from 181st to 42nd on the A train this morning. Thanks MTA!
..in unknwn place. Lyf can nt be dis much sarcastic, went in search of "Bar & Restaurant" and ended up reaching "Dairy & Restaurant"
Wow i forgot how fun it is to drive with my dad in the car...
RT schmitty088: Corporate training down in Fond du Lac today. I'm oh so excited.
Just love standing at bus stops on freezing cold days. # to r on to # damn cold
My sleeping schedule is on point .
It is SO AWESOME when anxiety follows you into your dreams! Now I'm stressed AND tired!
8am on a Friday & I already need a nap!! Thanks, Hunny, for pushing me outta the bed at 3am!
Oh SharePoint how I love thee....
I just love finding that kind of stuff out.
Do people honestly just sit around making up these ridiculous APA formating rules. If so their contribution to society is profound.
I purposely tweet quotes & messages from time to time specifically to draw those dividers from their Pits.  is Lib Kryptonite!
Hey, who cares what Babe Ruth did for Baseball, who cares what Bill Russell did for basketball. They are old, don't count.
Poor Suge Knight.... He's such a good guy though....
Corporate training down in Fond du Lac today. I'm oh so excited.
When you ask a question, & the person who supposedly has the answer asks an unrelated question in response. That's real conducive
If you're going to rant naman, make sure you get your sources straight & weigh things. Di yung maniniwala ka agad. # t al in o problems
Me Jealous?. HAHAHA Cool Story dude.
Well THAT was exciting!  #The Commute #Its Just Flurries
I don't understand what it is about people that make me so aggravated.
Funny how people are scared to give me compliments now...
Broke the news to Ricky's mom and all she could say was that ricky and I are very intelligent and we definitely need each other
My favorite part of my girls' homework, is that the only free times it affords them is when they're sleeping.
Live tweeting Wing Bowl when you don't work for CBS is my favorite kind of live tweeting. Thanks everyone
Love getting a good three hour nap in before a big day.
Maybe the recruits should pick based upon best cafeteria food. Or books at the library. Or cheerleaders. # Buck eyes #Signing Day
I am shocked. Coal made an 1-year low $KOL  Although steel and copper made 5-year lows.
Ah, plumbing problems at 7 am. The perfect way to start a day.
Such a good start to my day
The cure of for a morning headache is housekeeping's roaring vacuum # sleeping in
I need to take promo pics of myself with black studio background, arms crossed and looking serious. Because that's what DJs do.
I'll start doing something soon, I suppose. # work # fun times
Sales girl:sir no smoking in shop cstomr:bt i prchasd these here g:sir v also sell condoms, it dsn't mean u start fucking here
Man, Romney sure was right about the Obama economy not churning out jobs. I'm definitely going to trust his opinion in 2016
People look at you as if you are a frigging alien. Beautiful # Sing a pore #MRT - makes me feel special!
One inch of snow and everyone on Facebook is fretting whether the schools are closed. One inch. Good god the world is surely ending
Hanging with myself has never been so fun. ?
it's a good day when exiting a bus gives you a panic attack!
I'm sick of people knocking on my door looking for donations. Just had a woman from sperm bank... Boy, did I give her a mouthful
It's hard to believe another Super Bowl Sunday is on the horizon and the Jets won't be playing for the Lombardi Trophy.
Just in time for local elections  "The ANC must publicly and decisively deal with poor performance and corruption." Gwede Mantashe
A fiery princess who spunkily refuses to get married? We have NEVER heard that one!  #Unabridged Women
Please tell me more of your life story
Looked like India could've actually won this match. Good to see them back on track set to lose another one!! #I N Dvs E N G
5 class action law firms yesterday announced investigations into whether Alibaba has violated US Federal Securities Laws. Not bad….
so feel like I've been kicked in the back and some lovely person has given me another cold! #justwhat Iwanted! # great luck
Another busy weekend of IKEA !! Bed building and DIY. Great.....
When I see people reblog yik yak posts on tumblr and I know they don't go to university I'm like: do you even yak?
This night just keeps getting better and better
It's such a shame that all these betting adverts have to be interrupted by live sport
Commuting on an Ice rink, such fun!
SJC>NRT>TPE>HAN AND I forgot my credit and debit cards. I am SO efficient right now!  ...prior planning and preparation
Looking forward to my irmer course (x-ray) today.....
I'm a little disappointed, I only made $480 tonight
Oh? There was a Sam Smith concert tonight? You don't say? # bitter
meninist problem #684: when you have to pay for dinner with the extra income you get for doing the same job as woman in your field.
India will surely win the World Cup. #CWC15 They are in great form. #I N Dvs E N G
Lol my parents know exactly what to say to make my bad situations better
Staring out of the window of Munich airport at the heavy snow that landed overnight, wondering how they manage to keep going
there are two types of people on twitter. Some who love it and some who hate it # moderation
Amazing is the fact that every Miss Universe title has been won by a contestant from earth.
Thanks for asking if I was even okay before you went to sleep.
Dhawan somehow crossed the barrier of single digit numbers today. A tribute to Gandhi Ji from his side on his martyrdom day
While we're at it, let's make Tito Sotto our president. XD .
Yaaaaaay 80's song is stuck in my head... # I need sleep # running on 4 hours total from the past 2 nights # stupid nightmares #ALLTHEHASHTAGS
Wow i love math so much.
Yeah Sauli is randomly traveling to Amsterdam for a vacation, not like he doesn't have someone who's there right at this moment !!!!
Can't wait to watch the play Scott draws up here.
My girl said she wanted me to make her scream with only 2 fingers so I poked her in the eye..  ModeON
Now I just gotta find shoes...too bad I hate shopping for shoes # i love shoes
7 losses in a row for Maple Leafs. Hiring Horachek as coach sure was a good idea # numb nuts
Let me nt b a smart ass
Tbh I love it when people are unoriginal and take other people's tweets.
So they rescheduled my chemistry midterm. Nice of them to let us know 4 days before the test
I wonder what Marshawn Lynch studied in college. He seems extremely intelligent. He probably made the Dean's list.
Ski should definitely come off the bench.
So cute boy called me "sweetheart" today and I snapped and told him not to call me that... I'm so good at this whole flirting thing
I'm sorry random customer for not adding something you said in your head! -.- # annoyed
SHUT THE PROGRAM DOWN & STRIP SCHOLARSHIPS
The roads were so good. I'm so happy my car drives so good in the snow
I LOVE Olivia being kidnapped. Let's make her more of a victim than we al ready have. # S c and al
Listening to your parents talk shit on you and how they think im a failure really makes my night. # failure # hate life # two faced
Shikhar Dhawan is the most consistent opening batsman India ever produced
Man. Let’s get the spill hashtag trending again. Those were good times weren’t they?
Why am I not tired? I literally was crawling out of the gym earlier now I can run a marathon
Can't get any better than this
"Dont give up your dreams! Keep on sleeping" :)
I think # America gets the # lions share of snow this year
I love being lectured about stuff right before bed. Thanks a lot parents.
Today has been such a great day
Aww u deleted ur Facebook, waited 4 people to ask what's wrong & re opened it. So cute.  #Drama Queen #Attention Whore #Sos Un Pelotudo
omg can you stop bitching about subtweets gossssshhh
Well if I do say so myself, it has been a very pleasant evening..
We believe in  rather than facts #wonderland Nepal Context: #Martyrs Day
Pot and pan? Original and clever... NOTT
Another loser repair video coming up, that'll please some people
Can someone tell me why Andrew Harrison is so bad! I mean look at him being the leading scorer tonight and killing it on defense!
These refs are top notch.  #Go Big Blue
As you can tell I have an exciting life, considering I'm in bed by 8 each night.
When a cut is puffy, red, and painful 5 days later, that's a good sign, right? # infected
Brodin is an all-star!! To bad 26 brings him down.
Hey # L e a f s fans look at the bright side, the # Coyotes were 0-18-1 when trailing after 2 before tonight's win #T M Ltalk #NHL
It can be a reversed psychology. # Il literal HAAAAAAAAY
hope no one had v-day plans for me I have work
I feel so special right now
# Neighbor : Why as a matter of fact, yes I DID want for your pounding bass to factor into my otherwise quiet and relaxing evening.
Can't wait for this VO2 max test or wing gate test!! # g o n n a v omit # maybe pass out # p roll y die
I think one of my favourite things ever is when people don't tag their spoilers.
I'm thinking about writing a song called "I Should Write My Essay" # p r o c r as tin at ion is fun
aaaand a great way to end a terrible day
Glad they have turned # S m a c k down back into the WRESTLING show with that instant CLASSIC between Corporate Kane and Daniel Bryan
Don't you just love it when someone tells you they wish you would die!
Just got my first new cracked iPhone EVER!!! # ya y
WOW CLASS GOT OUT SEVEN MINUTES EARLY # j a c k pot
this week just keeps getting better and better
I work on Valentine's Day until 9:45... Great.
This is the perfect time for me to be catching a cold.. # m y l u c k s u c k s
Yes, I do always sound like a 13 year old boy in puberty.  #I Want My Voice Back
Love these rebounds by carter hutton. # p reds
Saying the phrase "wake up" when people are oblivious about something is fucking annoying. I didn't know I was asleep.
I mean... Packers, Raiders, Cowboys, Steelers fans were there before they won a super bowl. They're so loyal!
T2 - If only everyone looked like (and thought like) me in worship, then I could be super comfortable.  #Slate Speak
6:30 is a great time to drive to school for class
only 66 pts in 25 games? damn McDavid's a bust.
I like how the majority of the band's "funny" pose was ->
Well that certainly makes me feel good
Ohio State beat Maryland by 24 tonight, guess Maryland needs a new coach.
So that opening was basically a replay of a replay. Clever.
I've been watching party down south 2 for 2 mins and I already wanna go kill myself. # i hate reality shows
This mizzou game should be good
Attention I need a prom date let me know if you want me a handsome young male that looks good in any color
Whoever stupidly scheduled the President at 10am instead of being early for the necrological services should be blamed. # Fallen 44
A1 tell everyone there's no such thing as a daft question then roast the first stupid question you get! # l r n chat
What else would make for a fantastic # all female cast? How about 12 Angry Men! Women can be angry too # G h o s t b u s t e r s
Pity that goal wasn't more conclusive.
No no review it. I'm sure it's in.
Oh I just love being ignored # not # p o o p y
MSG ice has been spectacular, as per usual.
I will be missing The Big Game this weekend thanks to a bitch of an exam I have to study for. # ya y adulthood
Love going to my kid's events and listening to parents behind me talk through entire program.
How kind Mary is to Frankie, and how good she is at making her feel at ease. >:(  #FMWL
Wow what a great Dad. #TVD
Today's essay for class: "Do You Believe the U.S. Is winning the war on terror? " # fun # college life
I for one am truly shocked that amir did not go after a rebound..
I love not getting a kiss when I walk in and I just love hanging out in silence with you...
I'm so happy to be working during the Super Bowl!
How are we going to get through a game without Strombo and Kypreos we need more Bettmannet  #T M Ltalk
Oh dear. They are breaking out Vince Mcmahon on smackdown tonight. Shit just got real!
Yay we are starting #Frosty The Hutt. # P reds
Of course the blood spread up the cancer? I mean, what else would it do?  #Twin Merge #TVD
I was going to go to the #CBJ / # P ant hers game tonight but I couldn't find a seat! # at ten dances make # n h l
Yay for getting back into old habits! No eating. And juicing. And hope # j a c k d a n i e l s makes it all go away
Love when my sock comes off in my boot while im walking
Lol wait - what a great idea to sign a striker and send him back on loan - JUST WHAT WE NEEDED  #Danny Ings
I'm glad Trent pulled out his nice clothes to be recognized for defensive MVP.
So apparently there's another storm coming for Boston? Good, 6 feet of snow is way better than three... # love winter
Of course i do things to make everything more difficult  #Im Trying Here
I like the noise you make when you shut the fuck up. # l ol # I hate my boss
I'm really glad they salted the sidewalks at work after that bit of freezing rain.
# free e book ON ALL SITES! #Coward Punch dannygreenboxer,SHOWS IMMENSE # C our age AGAINST RealRoyJonesJr,& PaulHurricaneBriggs. # Me di a
Oh, all of a sudden Obama and the WH think the Taliban aren't Terrorist. Who would've seen that coming!? # i d i o c y
Thanks to oomf for making my girl deal with your foolishness. Smh #No Thanks #Thats Why Shes With Me #Im Not Going Anywhere # D is missed
i like it when no one texts me
So why did QPR buy Jordan Mutch for? Redknapp decides to start Karl Henry every week. # top manager # next en g l and manager # t r f f i c
Conservatives, Teabaggers in particular, really seem to lack a grasp of . #Just An Observation
God gave me a big nose, a small mouth, and frizzy hair... You can tell he had high hopes for me
And top off the wonderful day that i am having i leave my keys at work so I'm locked out of my place having a great time
"I don't read stories. I write dem and rap dem ya know." Great. That's just great.
Isn't it amazing when everyone is just making jokes about me not being able to read
Formatting references to the journal instructions is my favorite part of scientific writing. # wine
Thank you neighbor kids for making my 50 pounds of studying so peaceful...
Know what facebook needs more of? Cats with half their faces rotting off. Please continue to post that zombie cat link.
Oh how I love homework!  #College Life
Yay for dry weather and random bloody noses.
What is there to worry about? Obama regime says we've turned the page and Taliban aren't terrorists. # special report
Yea so today was bloody brilliant. Sodding great mood! # bad day # enough of this crap
Not really feeling tonight.... Mainly because the past or brought up # fuck in g brilliant # not
Oh, Katy Perry how original you were during your press conference.
#B B Cqt FFS this Welsh chappie is playing to the audience. He isn't answering the question....but well done he got a few claps.
The libraries issue was so important to my councillor that he spoke for 27 seconds on it # proud # libraries # c d f council
Yeah let's free Aaron Hernandez cause he totally didn't shoot and kill multiple people
OMG the CO-PILOT was at the controls? What kind of treachery is this?!?! #Air Asia8501
I just love leaving work at 4 o'clock and going hunting at 430.
Excited to spend friday night with my basketball team. # shit no one says
Concussions are down 25% since 2013 but torn achilles, ankle sprains, and toe injuries are at an all time high. # way to go # n f l
UK plays at 9pm on ESPN, Thankfully there’s a Big Ten game on just before and they never running .
Sure, flip me off b/c I won't go when a bus is letting kids off in front of me. You're showing your child great habits. # mature
I love it when people only talk to me to inquire about someone else. It feels fanfuckingtastic
Know what this week is missing? # S e l f i e s and cocktail shots from The Phoenix Open. # w m p o # bitter deadline chase r # wher est he golf # f b
$BUD is at an all-time high. Too bad that company never gets any publicity. # super bowl
I love how it's "be rude to Aerial" day :(
1cm of snow in tunbridge wells and i bet everyone from Sevenoaks will be "snowed in" and wont make it into shcool like always
ow fantastic, it just had to start snowing now.. # winter # cold # wet
Because music that reminds me summer when it's freakin' cold outside is the right choice for motivation.
Checking out a rental that's located in an alley behind a restaurant in the South Bay. Could be creepier I think.
'Ha ha ha that's Danny Hall the mad one from Sacey' I know.
Work at five in the morning tomorrow. What is life? That means I gotta be up at three! Happy times.
Yes Twitter, I'm absolutely going to follow someone who thinks religious people are idiots and has a particular dislike of Islam.
We All Move To Jozi Because Crime Is Attractive
Client lunches are great because I never get tired of answering the " v e g an ?? Where do you get your protein!?" Questions. # v e g an
David Duke vs. Scalise in 2016? Sure, because why bother having closeted racists in Congress when we can have the head honcho? # u g h
I'm so glad I've had a headache every single day for 2 years now and the doctors still can't figure out why! # make them stop
I never get tired of listening to idiots in school. # that was a lie
Your dentist starts to talk about Disney with her assistant and you can't say anything, because your mouth is full of cotton. Yay
Sadly, I don't have a picture or I'd use it as my # t b t instagram pic today. # duct taped jeans # nobody wants to see that
Birdie!! Tiger's back; Tiger's back!  Now he's only 3 over through 5.
Today is just getting sooo much better.
"... if only [Lincoln] could have appeared weekly in prime time [ #MASH], he could have been somebody" - # a l a n a l d a [2/2]
The cost of deep  is fewer RTs.
Well this is about as perfect a start as could be imagined. # bogeys for days
I've just been told that my food is too heavy. It's all kicking off here #CBB  n
Other people have changed their career path in their midlife years and become great successes. Why not me and lazy erotica?
Doing the #PR thing for my client, in the cold north # desert rat
Currently writing a 6 page paper on an ad for broth. College can be too exciting sometimes!!
Fucking hell, has anyone looked like they're enjoying themselves as much as Master Bates here? # to t p
shout out to the tool bag doing pull ups on the fucking staircase at the gym. stay slammin
when life gives you lemons...you throw it at people! # life #Super Bowl X L I X # funny
I'm only gonna be like 35 minutes late for class
Why is there not a place in this mall that sells monster? Man this morning/ afternoon has started out so well...
Really happy everyone has someone except me.
E-Cigs are cool and all, but I'm holding out for E-Alcohol and E-Heroin. # technology # cool kids
Its the beer in The Woolpack that brings on #Early Onset Menopause.... # E m m e r d ale . .
Could see how thick that  was?
Is tiger playing in a tournament right now?
Sure, let's pay Cuba for all the years they lost our tourist money. That makes sense
Dear lord I am so unwell , big surprise there..  I'm always sick
Love sitting in traffic and in half hour hardly moved! # getting bored
Well I'm ill.... Great I hate not being able to go to work #Real Talk At least I can watch #Smack Down tonight # Benefit
Good thing the flu shot was wrong this year. I have really enjoyed having it twice # f l u s u c k s my kids too!
This day just keeps getting better and better...
The return of the beiber trending on twitter... I can now stop xing the days off my calender. # oh boy
You can always find the best parenting advice from those with no kids.
Grabee lang ang tagal pa ng sahod!!!!! Prople, you're the best!
Environmental arch a e o log y ...... the most exciting subject ever # arch a e o log y # e n v iron men t
There aren't enough shit 'lad' and 'football' accounts on here tweeting pics of diego costa's face on a postage stamp.
So, yeah, I'm a "Downtown-only Reporter" cause you know, I'm covering Cmte of Adjustment and Glanbrook is totally Ward 2.
Hmmm let's put everyone in the most flammable part of the building that seems logical # w a h s fire
That race was over after the first 26 seconds… # blazing
Just as well I'm not in a rush to get home tonight #M11
NICE. THATS AWESOME. THIS IS A GREAT NATION. # l r t # fuck you
Ah I love it when people speed up an insane amount when you try to pass them on the highway. # d o u c he bags
Sidewalks that are sheets of ice + all of the hills in # Pittsburgh = a great day. # thanks #Mother Nature
# H a r r a h s thanks for the nice email thanking me for my stay. To bad I was never there cause they cancelled the flight for that day.
Well I suppose hours drive from work to stables isn't too bad # hates now
Wilson kiss today?! Damn I'm surprised they still know how to do that with each other.
Thank you all for waking me up after sleeping at 6:30am this morning.. So much appreciation.
Cheers to all my Facebook friends for keeping me updated on today's weather # nice one
OH NO, THE GHOSTBUSTERS ARE GIRLS THEY'RE ALL GONNA BE DOING THEIR NAILS AND STUFF
Dear haters if i have one,you guys only SHIT about me so you guys are like Nostrad-Anus.
Being ignored is the best thing ever!
# fans ha we has me stressed Ive decided to coin this semester # jump in the gun please ask me to do more things i havnt been taught yet
Good to see the PBA is bowling on challenging patterns again...
Totally loving all this snow were getting today :)
Chase Elliott replacing Jeff Gordon in 2016. That's a shocker.
Chase Elliott gets the No.24 for Hendrick in 2016? NO WAY!!!!  #NASCAR
Well I'm just a huge bundle of joy right now  how long till I can just quit everything had enough
Why would domestic abuse be a big topic at the Super Bowl? Everyone knows # def late gate is a much bigger crime. # n f l
My sister is vomiting. This is cool.
Today: rest day. I'm lying in my bed. Sick. # Great
Upstairs neighbor apparently likes to work out by jumping... a lot. # not annoying at all
The show in Atlantic City had me follow a guy wearing a tutu, dancing around the stage and pretending to be his wife. I love my job
My flight to #PHX is packed! Something going on there this weekend? Lots of # Sea hawks fans on board.
Yea I totally cool with you doing that
Super exciting day planned when I get home from work: fold laundry, clean bathroom, and sew buttons on my coat!
Saw a license plate that said "Tipsy." Bet he never gets pulled over.  #C Mon Man
Funny how oil-rich economies tend to be anti-fracking.
I just love spending my hour listening to people be loud, vain, and petty. # does it hurt # shut up
I LOVE when 2 different instructors give you completely opposite critiques. # i really hate that
Well I fuck ed up my ribs... Just adding that to the pile... Yay # fuck
I hate business lunches at Longhorn Steakhouse...
I'm learning how to use Microsoft word in my class. Boy I wish i knew had before i had my bachelors degree.
Oh boy can't wait for the new Nestle Tollhouse Cafe to open in Welliboro! # can wait
slept an impressive 5 hours last night. everything is coming up Allison today.
Favourite thing in the world is doing a mock exam that seemed 2 take forever, then just as you get to the end -internet times out.
The best part of my job is freezing to death everyday -.-
Well this is a great start to my day..
Oil is $43.85 but Tesla has an "insane mode"... Keep on buying, CS says $325 price target...  oftheyear
Hey, hi. I'm here to look pretty and insult your intelligence. [insert something insulting to your intelligence and hairflip here]
So excited to drive home in rush hour with snow.
You know it's gonna be a great day when you slip and fall in front of like 20 people
I forgot to tear off the calendar for todays Dilbert comic. #OMG
Blue sky in the morning, wet snow in the afternoon...so glad we get protected from too much sunshine, so thanks for that!
I just love being stuck behind slow ass trucks on my morning drive # floor it
Cleaning silkscreens is so rewarding # screen printing # art on clothes # nobody
I'm pretty sure that if you cuss, stomp your feet and whine in the office you will get your way. Or not. # work place p robs
Sure glad I resisted driving to Sarnia in all this snow.
Oh $CYTK up .03 , excited!!!
Today has started out wonderfully. :/
That's a great way to start the day though!
Yeah, with my phone, my computer, and my alarm clock plugged in, it was definitely me who blew a fuse.
Guy at work just asked if we had a place to print stuff. He was standing not five feet away from a printer. I said no and he left.
I love when Christian organizations subscribe me to an email list without me asking for it. # seems like cheating
I mean, Katie Couric resonates with Snapchat core users right? . Not sure Discover got the media mix right. Major potential though.
You can really feel the love Bellicheck has for working with his son when he talks about it....
I think we should start making the comparison between Kyrie and Jordan for GOAT. I mean, they are essentially the same player
I'm very nervous we may be entering a world where I might have to tag appropriate posts with
Was it or naivety when one elected official asked Lorretta Lynch if she was Holder? Everything seems to be a # joke to them. # not
Critical thinking gets in the way when trying to carry out a stupid-ass task
I wonder what it's like to be a chick that's starving to be relevant... nah lol no I don't
Shoutout to my saxophone teacher for giving me a lesson in period 5 on a Thursday...during my exeat! # S a r c a s t i c
Yeah, today should be real fun.
Nothing better than a family death on a school day. # coping methods
Bad hair day. Boyfriend is mad at me. Stupid work conference call. Today....is gonna be Tony the Tiger G-RRRR-EAT!!!
Tahir Ashrafi is an example what fat people can achieve if they work hard. #Proud Fatty
What a pleasant couple Andy Murray and Kim Sears are.
I hope there's some "Superb Owl" tweets this Sunday, they never fail to amuse
Ref last tweet  for the "blockheads."
Hate people trying to tell me that I'm pushing people away because I think that I'm a burden to them. Oh, I didn't know that
Get to learn all about plant tissues today in botany! Such exciting and viable information. # so pumped
Is it snowing anywhere? I can't tell because I haven't seen hundreds of photos/videos/status updates/instagrams/tweets...
lol just got an email saying I have had twitter for 4 yrs. today.. # how cool
I love waking up at 5am on my day off
I love being sick 3 weeks in a row
Does anyone know when Fortitude is on?
Any # graphic designer who invents a # f on t dripping with # irony would make loads of # money .
I love how #US based columnists/reporters that use Twitter to gauge # Saudi public opinion don't realize that 99% of it is .
Severe delays on the redline again this morning? Well that's something new! # m b t a # get it together
Good morning, -2°F... nice to see you again...
Well isn't the pike beautiful today! # mass pike
My rolling backpack should be here tomorrow... # ya y # gonna look like a freak
# game over # turn the page # move on # wake up # workout I'm awake!!!
Everything is covered in a thin sheet of ice this morning. Helpful hint- busting your ass is a great way to start the day.
Great more foreign owners in the championship. Money is truly working wonders for the game.
I never get tired of going in on my off day. .
White House spokesman=Badhdad Bob. Gee I sure am glad the taliban aren't really terrorists. Now I can sleep nites.
Having trouble with our electrical wires near Cottingham in MtPleasant. We would like them to stay up in the air if possible.
head's hurting and I feel like trash. today's going to be a fun day at work -_-
There's nothing like morning traffic to get your Thursday going the right way. # commuter problems
It's snowing in ruddington Nottingham just so every one of my followers know
They be looking like they have on a crop top and shit! But their belt fresh tho! That's what matters right? # broke boys # s h m e d i u m p l s
Nothing like supportive employers when you have childcare probs & can only work a morning. I already feel guilty y'know # working mum
So my day will start out rockin!  #Teacher Problems
Yeah because Noynoy had already planned for the Car show, shame he couldn't cancel it, I mean it is just a wake #Nasaan Ang Pangulo
This plane isn't gunna be full of seahawks fans. .
It's snowing. Just what I need
Happy Kansas Day! Hope everyone has big plans.
Yaaaay. Only 1,5 hour of sleep today.
Congrats to Amé Mauresmo, because these types of things are ALWAYS because of the coaches # in case that was n t clear
Way to give the match away, Thomas. Way to go. Well done. # B e r d y c h # Murray #Aus Open
Thank you for understanding, supporting, and listening
I really missed going to work at 6 in the morning!
You'd be surprised how shocked I am at that
It's 5:29am so yay I'm hungry again
Good morning,today we will have a snow storm plus I have a migraine so is going to be a perfect day. :/
Nothing I adore more than 5 hours of sleep and a freezing cold morning shower on exam day
I mean, for all that I would have gave Y'ALL something DO.
Yeah sure let's debate if y or n we should arrest an 8yo kid bc he obv knows what terrorism is+ he can't be traumatized # A h m e d 8 a n s
Well I'm really creating some high brow content this week...A video which involves marshmallows and singing combined! # B r ill i ant
Such a pitty I couldn't make that 12 minute journey this morning! # S c and al
Starting the morning off with a speech, yay.. I just love talking in front of large crowds.
It makes me so happy when people move at a glacier pace! # get a move on people
Spent the entire cab ride talking in broken tamil with the taxi driver, he said I was really good.
Apparently people who are allergic to peanuts aren't usually allergic to other nuts and vice versa. So happy to be unique.
had a jazz conditioning class today they made us walk upstairs after and my legs were killing! can't wait for the pain tomorrow
20 KM of traffic jam this morning, great start of the day! Whoohoow!
Waking up at 5am is awesome
I love it when you don't read my msges while I wait for you in the heat
If you've any opinion about me keep it to yourself I'll ask one if I need one
# o o c it isn't even 10am and I want to punch my mother in law in the face. Gonna be a good day.
The world TOTALLY needs more Ben Stiller movies…
I think it's disgusting! How dare a manager in his 1st season get us to wembley,we should hang our heads in shame ,utter disgrace
Mashed potatoes at 4am. Because there is never a better time to make the buttery mash of potatoes
Who'd have thought cross worlds, Czech republic, winter, snow??!!
The snow was incredible this morning - barely made it out my front door alive! # no snow
Wow, this module/project is very well thought out!
Did you know John Carver worked with Sir Bobby Robson? #NUFC
Truth is only a # true when it's # convenient btw. ModeActivated #TRUTH #It Does Not Change #Deal With It and #LIVE in #REALITY
Can anyone reply me what the weather's like outside please? # w e a t h e r w a n k e r s
I love the weather, its raining ..
3rd hypo is less than 12 hours. Excellent.
Oh I love boring operations meetings
Haven't been on Twitter for a while, but I like all the deep tweets about life... # shut up #flexin N U T T S
Chick on Internet : I like your name Me: Thanks, I got it for my Birthday
I dont know why i am telling " i am hungry " to myself ....
Where is Biden’s ring? Is he not married? That’s a surprise.
How would you like to applaud if you challenge others with challenges that are not smart? #PGC
#PGC  Please stop all 'cabar mencabar'. Set a good example. Lovely to sit and talk like a families.
Who needs someone else to lean on when you have yourself. That's how life works right? Or no?
And the Blackhawks lost, so tonight is just super.  #everythinginmylifesucksandijustwanttobeatadisneypark
What a great way to end my day.
Oooh commute to Sheffield in the snow my favourite # i hates now
Wow. Lucian isn't self centered at all
I'm sure glad you know how to make me feel like I am just amazing.
Oh how I love feeling like this ..
People will read your tweets and copy the exact information for their own post and present them as their own. So innovative.
"I'm sorry, I didn't realize that you're an expert on my life. Wait a minute while I get a pen to take note." # good morning
I pay $171 for my car insurance cause I own a fugin Land Rover.
Dr Manmohan got degree from Oxford University but in english speaking test What had he scored in it # sorry # sir
love this awesome late night walk back to BV after a road trip because coach still won't let us drive...
No, hitting a goaltender in the face isn't interference. # Black hawks
Finally! Longest download of my life
Why do guys get so offended when you call them cupcake. I just don't get it.
Hey, you know what we really need on network television? A FEW MORE CRIME SHOWS! # parenthood farewell # goodbye braver mans # ill miss u
Spotify has new pre made playlists... I am so torn between "Smart is the new Sexy" and "Jazzy Romance"
Why isn't anybody on this show married? They're all SO GOOD at relationships.  #Suits U S A
I love it when Michael snores in my ear. # still love him #stilllettinghimcuddleme # been 3 years of this
At this point my insurance will be 500$ for a car maybe, or even 600$ if I'm lucky
Sometimes i feel useless then i remember i breath carbon di-oxide for the trees :):) # philosophy
About a year ago, I was stuck in traffic for about 9 hours. So much fun!! . # snow apocalypse
1st #Perry White now #Jimmy Olsen! Whose next, Lois?! Lol  #donttouchmycomicbookcharacter
What do I want to do right now..sleep. What do I get to do..calc...... #Yay Me
"Social stalking will get you into a lot of trouble." Look grandma, I'm shaking.
Thank you for stealing my pic of the magazine I bought of Kirsten
Love when i come home and my room still smells like enamel # can a di an art # o l d e r s
My Suspension over. I'd say it was pretty chill to catch up on some now back to the most amazing place ever...
oh boy. here we go again. now instead of on IG and FB, we get to see all her same selfies on Twitter. Woohoo # annoying
I wish I could be that guy who talks shit to girls about their boyfriends behind their backs, hoping for a chance
I have succumbed and have started watching # friends on # Net f l i x . There goes the next few months...Sir will be so excited
When comments are meant to be misinterpreted ModeActivated # confused
Let me hashtag that for you, bro.
I love how stupid people are. # oh well
No I'm screaming of joy because of this...
Oh, yeah. Barnes totally didn't touch him. # Tool #Go Jazz
Thanks for being my shoulder to cry on
what happened when the italian chef died he pasta way AHAHAHHA # joke #Lame Joke
Preeeeeeeeecaaaaaaaaaaalc. Absolutely looking forward to that midterm. # gonna suck
Korea's FIFA ranking might actually go up a few places following this #AC2015. Woo-hoo!
Because destroying her daughter's Christmas gift is gonna make you feel a little better about your daughter's suicide.
Oh yeah. The Staples Center is where Cartman screams at you and the crowd chants "Hawks suck..." What an experience. # Black hawks
At least Troy Williams's moves are always fresh and never predictable. # i u b b
Bout to start to run yay # car di o
I swear, I love a childish individual
Funny how the Knicks win games when Carmelo is out there. I wonder why that's the case
Watching Lone Survivor by myself! Cool...
I'm really glad my mom tells me about her health and I don't have to find out through other people that she's not okay
haven't heard that before...funny thing is I was starting to believe it.
Fuck sake, way too soft Well done Pittsburgh, really enjoyable to watch tonight! # pens
Annnnnnnd, garbage hockey from the # P e n s - cool game guys. Really enjoyable to watch.
We really could've used Phaneuf tonight # one point #T M Ltalk #Bell Lets Lalk
Love how this team comes out with no want to in the second half of these games!
Don't you just love it when your movie shows in black and white when it's suppose to be color? . #D V D Hook Up Issues.
It's so fucking sexy when someone doesn't text back , so sexy!
17 fts to 4. Kansas gets all the calls # k u # k u bball
So. Company parties are a hoot, right?!  #Sort Of
Best scheduling empires short program 8pm long the next day at 8am
Refs don't want the leafs to win...
I just love DBQs...  #APUSH #A P U S Hmeoffacliff
Sure am glad Bryson Scott has been on the bench for a month.
Because you could give niggas phones in jail
Ah so NC State is looking really good # but still go pack #Go Pack
I love it when I accidentally pay for $16 express shipping! -_- # make up # u l t a
Good Job Duke, thanks for all your help!
Cue the "Mike Brey for #ACC Coach of the Year?" talk now? Since he clearly didn't win it enough in the #BIGEAST?
Great coaching job by the best coach ever. Must've been saving those 2 timeouts for the next game. # d u k e s u c k s
My week couldn't get any better. # just great
it's so encouraging when people you love put you down
my anxiety for tomorrow is fabulous
Looks like a pretty sparse crowd in Omaha for SJU-CU. I'm guessing only 15000?
K y rie missed a 3. What a bum. # K y 50
Gotta love Wednesdays bc of these WCW
I love being able to watch Cleveland sports in West Virginia...
Hope the Louisville-BC game is as good as Duke-ND.
No matter what I say .. They won't believe me Sooo did I???
Thanks mum and dad for supporting me and my child #FML # fuck this shit
Glad to know some people are so successful. # Mad do w
What is this XLIX I see everywhere? And what does it have to to with hockey? # don t answer # not stupid
I'm so glad the RA selection process isn't going to be as hectic as the SGA elections.
Man, I wish my computer could be as good as Dan's.
Can't wait to see all the racists coming out of the closet online again now that the talented Mehcad Brooks is gonna be Jimmy Olsen
I have to go play with bras for eight hours tonight. I can barely contain my joy. # ambiguous
All the nats came to the natsball meeting.
I am sooooo excited to get to drive to almost downtown Savannah right now to go get my sissy's dog!!!
Democrats are always bitching about the Koch brothers. Not like y'all get financed by George Soros and Warren Buffet every election
A black woman attorney general who supports Obama and immigration.... Yea that's what america needs.
My death will most likely be caused by being sarcastic at the wrong time.
Just 5 && a half more hours! # t hats forever away # y u c k
I love how exciting my off days are, especially when I get to spend them talking to my girl....
Airasia, thank you for letting me check out on your website, taking my credit card info, and not booking my flight.
Omgggg Playstation Network extended my subscription... FOR FIVE FU**ING DAYS # A we some # p s n plus # t a l o c o # pas a o
Today was such a great one
Way to go, Illinois. Thanks a lot for electing this shitty Governor. Great job.
Damn, I just love when my kitty sneezes in my face. EVERY SINGLE DAY. # are you allergic to me
The only good thing about teen mom is to show other spoiled little girls that if they have sex they can go on TV
They always say it's about money so let's see if we still have a nation of # G r u b e r s if Ms. Krabapple is making some money.
I just broke into the school....to get my public binder. What a bad ass eh?  #Be I I Lets Talk
The old man dancing in the "got balls?" Shirt is such a turn on
"Q: Can our district set different testing windows for our high schools and elementary buildings?" Yes? So there IS local control.
It's nice that jackasses slow-walking 3 abreast w dogs at full lead extension don't use the Town Lake trail anymore. # at x
Oh cool, another reboot for The Fantastic Four. Because we all know how great the comic series is.
I love that Chrome keeps making me type everything I search into Google twice. I LOVE it. <<<
Yayyyy Dicky V doin the Duke game
I appreciate being alone while I'm having a 3 day anticipated breakdown so, so much
Just want to say a big thankyou to the wind for letting me get loads of sleep tonight
Got the lovely task of washing, drying, folding and hanging you my clothes......what fun
You're a badass! Because you said it right to my face and NOT when I passed by and you SO didn't ignore me when I asked
Ski races are so fun when you've never skiied a day in your life
I knew I should've never brought him up today... unwanted texts woooo
Love seeing that everyone worked out today on my timeline!!!
Wow my life keeps fucking getting better and better.
Wow. Who knew I didn't have an awful personality! # shocker # i l i k e t o t h i n k i m not awful
So, yeah, not finishing work until 23:15 is great fun.
Cleaning my room right now because some people don't appreciate my talent for room floor decor # messy # talented
It was 60° today and I honestly forgot how nice warm weather is. But also can't wait for the snow this weekend....°~° # i hate winter
So, apparently is not always appreciated. Thought everyone liked funny # oh well # don t be lame
when yo life feels like a shrink shit,inject ursef with a dope and yo bubble up once again.
Apparently the #earthquake's epicentre was 6km north west of Oakham and was 3.9 on the richterscale. Thank god no one was hurt.
It's amazing how much a person can change in a year... # wise quotes # t hats just life #Too Many Tags
People who stop replying in the middle of a conversation are my favorite type of people
Long work day over. Now I get to work on this marketing paper!! YAYYY I LOVE WORKING AND GOING TO SCHOOL FT!!!
Nothing floats my boat more than explaining to people that there is more than one kind of green tea # work t we et
Making homework around midnight always love that # save me
Why couldn't we table the $600,000 Chik-Fil-A renovation in the union?  #Drop In The Bucket
Dropped my unopened, full can of redbull, thats way overpriced btw, and I didnt even get s sip -.- # fuck yeah
Just got a Snapchat of the Patriots practice. There they go filming Super Bowl walk throughs again!
also... TWO "fat" women! Has there ever been ANYTHING with TWO fat women?! Does hollywood ALLOW two fat women in the SAME thing?
The #NFL is a tax exempt organization that makes $10 billion dollars per year. Makes sense to me ( ).
# B ol t is no longer # A b b o t t s friend. Oh how will Abbott cope?
who makes my , because he is another? i'll better shut up
yay. no sleep for me today, mathematical analysis is so beautiful and rewarding
friendly reminder to myself that I'm gonna see Rob in less than 2 weeks ... I'm totally calm everything's alright
Only two more days until we get our school certificate after the first semester of grade 10 I am very excited
Athletico Madrid seem like a great bunch of guys. Real sportsmanship on show tonight.
I think Wisconsin is blessed to have a governor that cares so much about education. # s c o tt walker #whereisyourbachelorsdegree
1 in 5 kids in # America is on #Food Stamps. Maybe they should get a job. #Newt Gingrich
Such a weird Winter here in Utah, got a bunch of rain last night and this morning. But no climate change isn't real. # Si g h
I just love how people turn gangster, after their twitter/insta load up.. I love it, i swear I fucking love it...
I think mushroom farming may be my new passion  #Bell Lets Ta Ik
Yeah, she's not looking for fame...
Watching sharknado 2! Because they needed to make a 2!!!! Omg this film is amazing
Man, I really need a T-shirt that says "I dont give a shit" and a bad # attitude are just not enough in # India . #WTF #Educate India
Hmm that new thing looks remarkably like something I put together and implemented about ten years ago. You're welcome. # nothing new
Lost my iPhone today ... or someone stole it. Either way, it's fan-flippin-tastic.  #FML
Soft serve ice cream sounds great on this warm day! # be civil
Strong arm of Beckham. #YES # reunited and it feels so good
Freezing rain in findlay from 4 am to noon tomorrow..... Greaatttt
But but... There is an insane button on Model S. How could Tesla stock fall?
This week gets better and better..
I'm in Minnesota! Just where I want to be. # i hate the snow
Internet pioneers used to often say "information wants to be free." Have you ever heard of anything so silly?
Love it when people read your messages and dont reply!!
All I need is one more follower to reach an arbitrary number so I can gain some degree of self fulfilment from.
It makes my whole day when all you know how to do is fuss.
I just love when things don't work the way they're supposed to.
It is good to be stupid then to be boring!! #One Bold Choice
I've never cared less about an exam than the one I'm having tomorrow #Proud Of Myself # Lo l # Finals
So excited for the trial PARCC assessment tomorrow and the 29 days of testing that will follow! # destroying education # no time to teach
What did people do on buses before smartphones? Actually talk to people? Wow that seems so extreme..
Yes please talk to me that way. It's totally making me want to love you & spend more time around you. NOT.
Wholesale gas went up .5:cents/gal and retail gas rose 30 cents/gal. Seems legit.
Absolutely buzzing to be down in footings tomorrow in the rain..definitely a perk to the job.
Awww the sound of the audio going in and out at the automotive place. # relaxing
Taking Scully to her first vet trip today. This is gonna be good.
I laugh so hard everytime I walk into the bathroom and see that the urinals aren't flushed. Dang, you kids are fuuunny! # C o m e d i a n s
Oh, another thing to add to my to-do list?! Yay.
ausiello wrote klein as "favorite couple" and then tagged it with  why am I laughing
'Im very happy that the trains, or should I say locomotives are working again.'  at #Fix Nigeria
What a spectacular day! Please note the
I hope the Fed brushes off any fears of a negative GDP impact from needlessly panicking about the blizzard that wasn't. # transit or y
Nice day TO BE AT FRIGGIN SCHOOL
Well, the men's Australian open quarter finals were riveting.
Still twenty minutes left if you haven't front run the FOMC yet.
"Scientology didn't save him" Just now, My proff,
All female Ghostbusters cast? But what about the mens? Where are the mens? You can't have funny women and no mens!
Hack up lung, yeah smoke another cigarette, that'll help clear that right up
i haven't been this depressed in a while which is great cos tomorrow is my birthday
One of my players on FM15 just injured Ronaldo in the Cops del Rey & he's out for 6 months... Wish that'd happen in real life...
I love planning my life out in my head and it not going the way I planned it.. It's my Fav!
This day just keeps getting better and better
Fake friends are the best. I guess that makes you the best
My favorite students are the ones who actively attempt to undermine my activities.
Today is an exciting day of cleaning, yay!
Kim Jong-Un is making his first foreign trip. Where to? Russia. There's a surprise.
LOL, D'Angelo, Avon, and Wee-Bey are all in the same prison. Seems like a good idea  #The Wire
In a group chat with best buds of school. Human race can not be sarcastic than this. # friends
Hashtag happiness doesn't depend on others#laughing of others life style#choices is all about WhatUhavein Your#SOUL! ?? Ha' ha'
Can't wait for the black ice period of winter!!! Yay for
Some people creat monsters in order to extend their fears.
The sadness which you feel when you have to spend 30 pounds on a textbook about research methods..doesn't get any better than that
The super fun part about getting to work at 5:00 in the morning is that my "lunch" is at 9:45 and nothing is open...
Bet ufucking pussies won't spam my timeline #Be I I Lets Talk I would hate it if my timeline was filled with #Be I I Lets Talk all day long
Ugh this day keeps getting better and better ....
Everything that I like is either expensive, illegal, or doesn't txt back
This day is off to a great start # i need a nap # b a d g e r s
So you know how I like to spend my lunch hour on a crappy day? Standing in line at the county clerks office of course # bad day
I absolutely love it when someone wants to start an argument with me!  #come Atme Bro
Looking at the school closings in Boston, and the surrounding areas I'm not sure there are enough Catholic schools
My absolute favorite part of my day is trying to find a place in the Student Center to sit and eat my lunch.
My favorite mortgage lender sent me an email today . Time to go into witness protection so they can never find me again.
Trading almost stopped again for Tesla. It must be preparing to go to 325 today.
They’re closing all the shopping malls/retail stores and building luxury apartments. Yeah, that’s gonna work.
#PT is that the real reason # T sip r as didn't want a religious oath: atheist or cryptic Muslim? #Turkish Pro Gov Press # h a l l u c i n o g e n s
Getting hit by a rugby ball in the eye is so fucking AWESOME!!!
Depression is fun bc it makes you not care abt anything, like goals, ambitions, self care, your passions, etc
I love that person who has invented Maths.
Johnny depp a white guy plays a Native American but a black guy can't be the human torch? Oh sure racism is tots dead
What? A famous film director from years ago when blatant misogyny was the norm is considered a jerk by today's standards? Nooooooo
Just did real good on a macro quiz...
Look throught my followers half of them are porn people haha NICE
Today I will be commemorating the great career of Marty Brodeur
Well look at that, we're learning about supply and demand again in econ today! I would've never expected that
Well, today has been... fun. # s t u p i d g l i b c # be more patched
Pretty pig is better than sexy shrimp. # l ol this # real talk
Watching Michael Elgin promos ALL day. # learning
Maybe we should dump the constitution & run the country according to the Bible  #I A S Evangelist
So I'm back on here # b i g n e s w s
$NBG down 25% as Greek bank stocks plunge. Time for another reverse stock split?
Guess I'm spending valentine's day alone..yay!
Not all girls are made of sugar, spice & everything nice. Some are made of , wine & everything fine. We like those. #Wine Wednesday
HI NEW FRIENDS - Just a reminder, I post running stuff, news stuff, social media stuff, song lyrics, Instagram photos and .
So now I think I have a cold... This week/year has been so great already.
it's great to know who your rela friends are
...though some people are gonna feel pretty silly during the Dean and Cas wedding episode in season 19. ;) # mostly
Wait... LethalGaming is still a clan? "67 time champs"
that makes me feel sooooooooo good...
oh today just keeps getting better and better
big thanks to the company that sold my school email to others. i truly enjoy all these spam emails i've been getting # un subscribe
I don't know, BA only has 5,800 orders for planes that have yet to be filled.....
Well this year is off to a great start
A sadie Hawkins dance at school? Oh yay
It is so nice the way everyone stands 10 feet away from the No Smoking sign and smokes. # office life
Its the best feeling when you look at your final math exam and think God I don't even remember learning this
Woman to dntst: Its so painful I’ll prefer to get pregnant than getting my cavity filled D:Make a Dcsn,I’ll adjst d chair acrdngly
Thank god snapchat has news content on it now, i was really hoping it would get that feature
Accounting is soooooo much fun guys
Kiran Bedi should be sent to Saudi Arabia. #Bring Back Change In Saudi
Midnight practices make the mornings 10X better! #The Grind # R u g by
I would like to nominate whs for the best plowing job and best parking jobs # fuck all of you #where Did You Learn How To Drive
Love the girl doing her nails on a packed train car # shed on t care #onlyin N Y
Yesterday i dream ed i had a boyfriendd and today i dream ed i had a dog and it kills me because i really want a dog # dream
The constant sound of a jackhammer outside my office makes it really easy to concentrate on my work
Why don't husbands and wives have annual reviews like a job? That couldn't possibly go wrong.
After Windows 10 revelations, Apple releases iOS 8.1.3, rumored to be working on iOS9, designing iOS10. Win10 will be a copy of it.
That was some # blizzard we had the other day, lol! # snowstorm 2015 # joking # blizzard of2015 new y or k
Omg who told you I love to be made to feel small and stupid?! Thanks for that ... # bitch
I LOVE THE GEOTHERMAL HEATING SYSTEM HERE. IM SO WARM IN THIS SCHOOL ALL THE TIME
Waking up suddenly ever 2 hours because I was convinced I missed my alarm and missed my midterm last night was awesome.
So happy to be back at work again!!!
I had a sleep paralysis dream inside a sleep paralysis dream....so that was fun.
And of course the wifi is working again 3 minutes before the end of the period. I'M HAVING A GREAT MORNING
Scientists must have never been and will never be right again because they discovered something new yesterday. # science
Eye strain due to needing my new glasses (which are due next week) and being very tired. Yay.
I hope YG wants Taeyang to perform half-naked in -20°C too... in an open air stadium in Russia or Canada maybe? it would be GREAT!
Franzen is -12. 5 other Wings are minus on the year, they combine to be -10. Can't wait for 93 to be back in the lineup
More angry than disappointed. So helpful.
I love text... That don't exist.
Can't wait because Bridesmaids wasn't even any good # Ghost busters # Re boot All female cast
$18B net income off of a nearly $75B topline revenue last quarter for Apple? Pffftttt, NBD....  #Mind Blown
I wake up and go straight to gym when I get to school. What a great morning
Good morning everybody. It's 17 chilly degrees and clear here in my little town. Enjoy the chill.
Stuck in bed, ill with nothing to do, one day before my 16th....FUN!
Apparently some people think that a white girl being able to rap=racism! Because, that makes sense!
The gic went great, as always.
it's amazing how much rachel believes in her own team
Only if I got a rupee every time I got a lecture on "Parhai parhai parhai" I would be literally rolling in money..... #Sad Life
The best part about working a 12h night shift is knowing the subway home won't stop at your station.  #T T Cproblems
Right, to solve the unity problems in # Ma lays i a , create a committee. And we'll all be proud, united, un-racist Ma lays i a ns
Already knocked a shelf over on my head and it's not even 8 yet. This looks to be a great day.  #Hump Day
There are just some nights where you can't make yourself stay up and the first thing you say is, "Good job self!"  .|..
Why yes, I love being awake from 3-5am for no reason. It's my favourite, can't you tell?  It's going to be a long day
It snowed out, so obviously global warming is a myth... # climate change # S n o w m aged don 2015
Hubby: Call Ambulance! I'm having a heart attack Wife:Ok Give me ur mobile password H:Its okay,m feeling better now  #Life Itself
It's national kazoo day. So there's that..
Oh well...time for memory lane music for the rest of the night instead. Joy.
Well, that was unmissable television...  #BBL04
Sometimes my  is so intense that even I’m not sure if I’m kidding or not.
Great to hear the huge profits # Apple has made, just imagine the nurses and hospital beds their tax has paid for. #Thanks Apple
Can't believe # Q a tar 2015 Handball announces Jason Derulo's performance on the same day. Great marketing & planning skills! # fail
Every time I need a good laugh, I'll just think of one name: Tee Chuan Seng #Sarcastic Tweet #Only In Malaysia # gags #Free Gags
i only accept apologies in cash  #LOL
is the best way to insult # stupid people without them realising!
I love my job I love my job I love my job. I love uni I love uni I love uni I love uni # think positive
Great day for a skirt ... Well done Jess # windy # rainy # skirt # bad comb in at ion
I love the smell of my roommate's cigarettes at 4 in the morning.  #College Life
Can someone please post the picture of Aguero stamping on Luiz. I haven't seen it at all this morning
Can't beat a morning sprint for the bus
Good to see so much snow out there today.  #There Is No Snow Out There Today
Tomorrow I get to call a bunch of psychologists all day, yay.
Word if the day: EXHAUSTIPATED. Too tired to give a shit . I speak  as a second language
13th February will be renamed as Messenger day !  #Love To See M S G13feb
Omg forever alone February is coming Yay! # s ass y # i d c # princess # single life
Doesn't the wind and cold and dark make it so easy to get out of bed!!!
Essay 2 done and it's only 11
how I clean my room: -starts at 1 corner -finds something from 6 years ago and stares at it nostalgically 4 5 hours -goes to bed
and # O r g a s m are kinda same. Not many get it.
School was so great today! # holidays stolen
SAM GIRLS ARE BITCHING WHAT A SURPRISE!  GOING OFF BEFORE I GET SERIOUSLY PISSED
Everytime I fix it, I come up with more brilliant idea's to fix another parts... # money pit
Glad to see all the effort ...
Love seeing knee injuries in football movies; they're the best. # a c l
Waking up in four hours to go to work.. Love my life # to be a partner # s b u x life
Student section was huge tonight! What a great turn out!
The # Winnipeg # J e t s lost ... Uh-Oh ... It was probably just the Referees fault they lost... Stupid Refs always out 2 get em.......
Criticize me some more, it'll definitely make me like you more.
my friends make me so happy I can tell just how much they actually care with how they act towards me
I'm so happy I came back home for her
If I weren't having soooo much fun doing nothing maybe I would tweet more! # injuries suck # don t drink and ride # snow board can ad a
I heartily suggest that everyone move a thousand miles in the heart of winter.
I'm cool because yo vivo en USA y puedo speak two languages! lol
I'm so glad today was the best day ever..
That lucky moment of having to shovel your driveway at 1:30 in the morning so you can back the car in #unlucky#nfld
Worldwide breaking news of the day: # S nap chat update!! # silly #So What
oh that evil gay agenda! How dare they fight for equal rights! What is this world trying to come to?
Cool I get to go to work tomorrow!
#Sons Of Liberty : Brits sound like smarmy a-holes. Amerrrrrkins sound like me! Eat liberty you Britisher bastards! USA! USA! USA!
Dear mind & deep late night thoughts, thanks for not letting me get good sleep. I'm sure it's greatly appreciated...
Quote of the day from a fellow veteran photographer commenting about HDR image from an amateur. "Your HD is without an R" #HDR
Thanks for auto-updating in the middle of my comment-writing session, MacBook. Really appreciate that. # law school problems # f b
Can't wait to get up at 6:30. # ya y
Madden with a turnover in a late game situation...I'm stunned.
She was just trying help guys.
I can't ever sleep on school nights cuz I get too EXCITED for school the next day
I'm am in a relationship with someone who doesn't care if I sleep on the couch every night nice to know # ft his
Andrea just started showing me the guys she has hooked up with. It's an all star cast!!!
I'm going to make a prediction… there will be an American and a Russian in the #Aus Open women's final.  Gunna be two good matches!
yeah, that Petry sure is soft. The last words Grandlund said before he hit the boards. # m s m
Life right now couldn't be more amazing
Over sleep get stuck behind over size load fail an anatomy quiz and watch another re-run of Chicago fire # s u c c e s f u l day
Oh, no...I seemed to have accidentally purchased the LARGE bag of conversation hearts! Boy, I wonder if I can eat them all!?
Wow, I have tattoos and can have a real relationship. That's really going to stop me from going to Cambridge or getting 4.0s
Obviously Nick Calathes is gonna get his. You just hope to contain everyone else.
Trade Goc keep Adams always a good move
I love love love finding out things on my own
My brother is always successful in making me feel shitty about myself, thanks for the extra mood boost.
In other news I just love it when people stand in the hallway outside my dorm at 10 playing rap music # college life
Oh so that's who got shot? I'm so surprised  #HAHN
"Not many people get to go through this life & be this good-looking." Oh, brother! -_- #Your Arrogance Just Charms The Panties Off Me
BTW, thanks Twitter for saving me from having to watch #Agent Carter. Appreciate it.
You know it's a good day when you get hit on at the Lifeway by a guy who lists "krumping" as one of his skills.
Boy it was really great to see Glass in over Stempniak tonight. Fantastic. Wonderful. #NYR
Jesse Eisenberg in a Dostoevsky adaptation? HOW EXCITING.
Passive aggression pretty much translates to
In case you haven't noticed I love quote s by other people. It certainly beats having your own opinion. # quote
At my kids winter concert- parents taking a picture w a large tablet right in front of you shows great consideration
Just some more great news... # anything else
Hahahahaha Robinson a best community hahahahahahahahaha!!!!! # laughing # t hats just to a we so k e # worst town ever
I don't think today could get any better # j k
I love the on #Kate Plus8. It works! I also love the way she teaches them tp # problem solve . Such a necessary skill.
What a wonderful wonderful day full of wonderful things and wonderful experiences and wonderful activities and wonderful people.
New #Face Off drinking game. Every time the show #Team Champion , take a drink. You're welcome.  #Drunk In10
Great, this made my day. -.- # great # why now ?
Before Kanye made him famous, name 3 other people Paul McCartney had a musical colaboration with (no Beatles) #Rock Starofthe Day
20 combined points in 10 minutes. That's some big time basketball. # really bad # next channel
The # C a p s took a penalty in the last five minutes of the third period?!? THEY NEVER DO THAT!!! # C a p s Jackets
I guess since all news networks are covering the # blizzard of 2015, nothing else must be going on in the whole wide world!
There was no way in f--king hell Lisa Rinna was getting back in that car with Kim. For once Kyle won something ( , PEOPLE!) #RHOBH
I really needed that phone call .... Yup !
Who knew you could be attracted to a girls personality
So sick of watching this ACC basketball game. I mean when was the last time an ACC team was any good at basketball anyway.
Forget HTML5, I’m writing my next app in x86 assembly, probably AT&T syntax. Nothing beats native performance.
I love when people ask for advice on something you're proficient with and then they turn around and completely ignore your advice.
Ok sc how is anyone supposed to trust anyone anymore. # no more best friends
So happy we resigned marc staal
What a great way to go to bed. # thanks
When you wear a big tee-shirt and people ask you if you're wearing shorts. Like no I'm not wearing underwear either.
That 500swim, 5kbike, and 1.5mile run was a blast!
This E. coli warning was sponsored by your local bottled water corporation. Remember, bottled water is better than boiling it!
Workkeys testing; because I love spending 3 hours doing questions that were on my 4th grade math quizzes..
Words can not describe the joy I have with being privileged enough to play the 2nd percussion part! # salty
Glad I got home in time to see this # t b lightning
well, that went well. # newborn pictures # stubborn like mom my # b r ax ton barge r on
Well tomorrow is just gonna be great!!!  #Pray For Me
I love it when my house is 60 degrees
If you go to a dance you have to make sure your date is good looking & she/he has absolutely no flaws and drop dead gorgeous.
This is totally unexpected ..  #PLL #save Sparia
No Southern Lehigh. I don't need my laptop to study for a test tonight or complete homework or anything like that.
'Cause # problem doesn't exist if you can't see it and don't talk about it, right? Yeah... of course, great thinking... # what the fuck
#Sa Sobrang Bait Ko I always answer questions na walang sense
I just love my math class!!
I've always wanted a toothbrush that tells me "you're not doing it right." Because I've never heard THAT before.
Gee I wonder if snapchat updated or not?...
If you're not fluent in  I don't want to speak your language.
A3: I've assumed/taken things from granted when it is implied that the person will take on the task, did not read :- # dare to be
Thank God they are remaking "Ghostbusters"! That other one was just dreadful. This sounds like a very necessary film.
Thank you, stupid damn birds, for using my car as a latrine.
At the #33 ward forum we all have to refrain from showing any emotion # lets be real
You find out in a hurry your real friends are when there's a city wide water ban. # t h x guys
The people who act more drunk than they are my favorite.
These fools on the train need to STOP coughing and spreading they damn germs everywhere. # in consider ate people
With oil prices declining some 60%, I'm glad to see the airlines reducing their prices to reflect this fact.
Nothing like the sweet sting of sweat in ur eye balls while doing cardio # o u c h # p e s i
I'm going to do my homework first then have dinner later... Jk!!! #Said No One Ever # Prior i ties #Food First lol
Espn picked some great basketball games to have on t.v. tonight... #High Scoring
NY government bans travel for # S n o w m aged don 2015 but not for Ebola. Seems legit! # blizzard of 2015
I've literally say at home all day today. What a way to spend my day off! #nolife#moviesfordays
So, first time I've caught Pretty Little Liars...great family show.
So..updated my Twitter app for IPad and now it doesn't work. So glad I got that update to improve bugs
One of the boys I nanny just said sarcastically to his brother, "What, did you get a diploma from charm school?" # ha ha ha # kids .
$20 to fill up my tank with premium gas? Thanks, GOP!
Really # Apple ? Only $18 billion in one quarter? Can we please stop play AAA ball? Thanks. # business
Aw shucks my car is acting stupid. Guess I can't go to work. # i am not going to work
Why i said thankful??bcoz u show some interest to my idol..
Get to go to dinner with the fam fun  #So Much Fun
Thank God Nonis replaced Grabo/Kulemin with Bolland/Clarkson # L e a f s
Maybe they will find Mona'd body tonight... just like how they found Ali's body twice... #PLL  and Toby's too - don't forget Toby!
I like how the new Arkansas State Baseball caps look exactly like the old ones.
I still love sitting for exams that end up having nothing to do with the lecture slides. So much fun and absolutely motivating!
# t y t live Rush Limbaugh is always, I mean always correct! Don't you dare forget it!
These Fast Facts videos are blowing me away. Totally makes up for no routine videos.
I can see you're being really mature about this...
Melissa McCarthy is starting in Paul Feig's all female Ghostbusters reboot. Awesome # pleased on t # stop this # h e l p u s b i l l m u r ray
Nothing I love better than reading lectures from people on twitter
Hooray for 10+ hour days all week.
I love having a conversation with myself
A million reasons why I hate click-bait posts. You won't believe reason number 352!!!
That was fun..  just had a mild panic attack because leg and arm are sore ( i lean on the left alot at work) so i thought the worst
That was a stimulating phone call
Every guy and girl no longer have to deal with "who is this guy/girl on your top friends!?" Thanks snapchat. Now everyone can cheat
Headache, ear infection, sore throat, chills, fever and body aches. My week is going great...
Being a diver means i get to sit at swim and "dive" meetings and nobody says a thing about dive. Its the best.
Did they update snapchat..? I couldn't tell.
HUGE GAME FOR THE BOYS IN WHITE TONIGHT! # must win game # J e r t s
Filling out my student finance application for uni, fun fun fun
I really don't know what I would do without Noah helping me parent.  #I Got This
Yes, because JD Hall is definitely comparable the Driscoll's worldliness or Westboro's hatefulness. # the 15
Nothing says Adventureland quite like a Sunglass Hut
"Just a spoonful of helps the # pa renting go down..."
I had to take a test to see what my possible careers could be & it said athletics, counseling, and broadcast journalism. Shocking.
Im not actually hurt still, just trying to get the send me award
We really should have bought Balotelli
# Evolution cannot explain how snakes lost the power of speech. # C r e a t i o n s i m # W in Take that # atheists
Wearing an old pair of contacts from who knows how long ago #Great Day
Well done #CBB you've just made Perez centre of attention # T w at
People actually use the text chat feature on snapchat? I didnt realize anyone even cared about it. #YouCanSaveMyMessage!OhNo
Exam in 30min on Anthropology # excited # cant wait # i read all those chapters # so much fun #scimmedthroughthosechapters # why # gave up
Well that was not awkward at all
What an end to such a perfect day
reigns...lesnar....im excited already. Whos with me? ?
There's nothing more fun in bed then a germaphobe
Need new license, ssc, & passport. Thank goodness those are the easiest offices to get in & out of!
Not being able to squat is my favorite
Why am I so lucky? my body loves to store fat in my lower tummy
If only # O b am a had # D e f l a t e d some balls during the # B e n g h a z i massacre this would have received unstoppable national attention.
My # sanity is on back order, my is # unlimited
Also, I almost got run over by a car today. It's been a good week.
Just loooove it when people take "I'll help you" to mean "sure, I'll do it all for you."
Train delayed due to fatality. Surprised at inconsiderate f**** complaining about delays. How awful for you...
but yeah sure feminists are the problem not these sociopathic hate-fountains spewing putrid bigotry. yup it's dem EBIL FESMINISTS
I really love when my coworkers act like we are friends and want to hear all about my personal life only to blow it off conpletely.
Fans will be happy it's still 0-0 because even though Derby had much of the play, it's good because they a top team.
Why did Lynch keep sayin"I'm here so I won't get find"? Does he know every1 askn questions found him? #NFL #S B Media Day  #Bills Mafia
Yay. Snapchat has found a way to consume even more of our time
People who can tweet but no reply to texts are my favourite type of people!! ..
A hotel in Libya was bombed today - praying no casualties...they say #ISIS did it.... Who is shocked?? show of hands please! # t c o t
they're good for back scratches doe
stop studying. stop working. stop living. be fat & lazy. watch tv all day with a bucket of fried chicken. because thats attractive.
Starbucks drive thru at lunchtime was probably the best life decision I've made to date. # first world problems
Boy this winter weather sure is tough in Florida...  #Sixty Degrees
Man. This blizzard gave me a while three inches. I'm so glad I was prepared for a power outtage.
There is absolutely nothing more that I enjoy than getting invited to play "Candy Crush Saga"...
I love being scheduled to close 5 days in a row
People thought I was stringing him along but I wasn't in actuality I was being strung along # great
wow, that was such an historic snowstorm. it is almost unbelievable # blizzard of 2015 # n y c barely got hit
Nothing brightens up one's day like receiving a phone call from someone asking to speak to your ex...
My new years resolustion WAS to be nice to everybody, no matter how they are but i failed # sup rise
Sitting at home sick .. The greatest thing ever. # sick # hate # b l eh
$300 million cut from the UW System. Sounds lovely….
UK to spend £s on holocaust memorial while people today suffer. The victims would of been so proud of us # irony
WHEN I SAY I hate you nor I love you. Its doesn't matter anymore. Hahahaha
Sometimes, software surprises me. Most often, it's in a negative way. I love heisenbugs...
"He's a good dad, he LOVES his kids". Thats just fuckin standard. I burn mine with lit cigarettes, to remind them who's in charge.
Lowering quality standards for organizations that procure and allocate donor organs seems like a great idea! #ACOT # public health
I have been trying to ignore a full 24 hr craving for skittles...I think I am going to break. Thank you Marshawn Lynch  #NFL
No more snapchat bestfriends!? Oh no! That means girlfriends actually have to trust their boyfriends!! Its the end of the world!
Just love how insurance co.'s talk to you as if Insurance coding is something you do everyday
Bustin' out my amazing math skills for these marriage stats I'm working on # his t 591
Nothing like your cars alternator giving out on a day you really need it.  #Thanks Obama
This weather is forcing me to stay inside and watch netflix and drink wine and do nothing else all day...dammit snow!...
Nothing better than swimming 30 minutes straight of butterfly to wake up!!!!
Tomorrows college day is going to be fun
Internet Aristrocrat, yeah that's totally a valid source
So glad there are a lot of News anchorers on my snap story.......
I love when the town blows my street but not my court!!!! Snowed in for days!!!!!
please send me more emails about voting for SHU!!!!! # stop thee mails
What an awesome day at work that was, I really hope tomorrow continues to be so amazing!
I've written so much today. I think I'm going to nap then dig my car out of 4 inches of snow. That blizzard was killer.
I love these 1 point OT losses. The # Oilers have lost 9 games in OT and because of that they are not in last place #NHL
Best thing about finishing work is knowing I'm going to be at the library the rest of the day
Packing, organizing, and cleaning all while being sick with some nasty bug. Aww I wouldn't have it any other way
Oh nooooo we can't stalk people's top friends anymore on snapchat... What possible rumours could we spread now
# Auschwitz 70 murdered because of religion. At least that doesn't happen anymore. Oh wait?
I'm loving all the passive-aggressive dick..err, snow measuring happening on social media right now. # s n o w p o c al y p se # j u no
Has anyone seen a Forecastle lineup announcement?
I really do not understand , please let me know when you try to pull one . # confession
All of these "news reporters" on snapchat that talk about the blizzard are hilarious. Oh man, gets me every time.
I'm in shock, the always punctual # t ha me sl ink from Farringdon is delayed by 18 minutes due to 'safety checks'.
Now that Twitter has group direct messages I hope next on the backlog is adding a bit of AI to help users with its and it's.
A couple of snowflakes and the northeastern U.S. loses their minds!
But they'll listen to EVERYBODY that tells them to embrace their mistakes, because that's totally great advice, right?
TIME TO START SORTING OUT THE SCHEDULE FOR WORK TONITE. THIS SHOULD BE FUN.
Wow this poli sci group is grrrrrrreeeaaaaaat
Because infringing on your rights as a business owner is so much more important than an individual's personal civil rights # Idaho
: Ability to insult idiots without them realizing it
Seems like forever since Ramo started a game. He's going to forget how to play pretty soon.
Not having best friends on snapchat anymore is so unfortunate
Why dont these cameras on media day zoom up a bit more closer
Lady at the gas station was just buying her little daughter an icee, slice of pizza, and a bag of chips. What a nutritious lunch.
I'm tired of being screamed at by 4 year olds. #Twins Talk #Nailing This Parenting Thing
#Ruin A Wedding In A Sentence "I'm afraid gay people you've never met and will never meet can also get married now."
Love how all news channels decided to publish that # in stag ram not working earlier today.
Can i see bullet trains running across states before i die..?? #Yes We Can
Wow so excited about all this snow that came.
Wake up with a nose bleed, today's going to be a great day
Lots of snow has forced me to update my pictures and information on my social media accounts. Poor me.  #The Snow Isnt Even That Bad
Shocking no one touched Mike Richards color me suprised
Just deflated 11 of 12 footballs I own and went into backyard. 11 out of 12 balls I threw 80yards between a car tire. # come on people
Another day, another horoscope doesn't match! What fun! #Silly Indian # T r ad it ions #The Bachelor
#LT the answer is yes. Or maybe I lost all feeling and couldn't tell. Oh well, chores done, now back to homework. # i loves now days
Florida sets their spring game for Saturday, April 11, same as #UGA. They must not care about The Masters either.
Oh Captcha, I just love it when you make it impossible for low vision users to do anything Online.
Well that was a fun fire drill
I absolutely LOVE when people stand right by a door and smoke - even better when it's right outside a dr office or hospital.
I wish some of my New England follows would post a pic of the snow. #Just One ?
Know whay I love most about this weather? It makes my car not start. # fuck oh i o
Yep... Signed up for the toughest course buff state has to offer.
Yes, I look forward to calculating gross pay and net pay allll day.
I just passed level 600 of Candy Crush and frankly I couldn't be happier. Much work to be done though #Rise And Grind
Have a long day ahead wow I don't know if I got enough sleep for this 2 hour shift
Good to hear that the track team represents their school and team well. # disrespect f u l
This was obviously done with a hint of  but you get the self loathing point.
30" of snow. So glad I bought that new shovel. #Not Helpful # blizzard of 2015
Yes work, those total six hours a week you are giving me definitely make me want to push your credit applications.
Peaked in high school Rob Lowe is totally me. We definitely could have won state if I didn't get hurt. #Go Tigers
Just cause I smile when I say something sarcastic to you, doesn't mean that I don't actually mean it on the inside. # anger
I'm sniffling and people think I'm sad. No, it's cold and my nose decided to cry about it # love the cold
That blizzard was just the worst!
$TSLA must be better than all DOW combined. DOW is crashing 400 points and $TSLA almost green. In Credit Suisse we trust.
So # B e r g d ah l is a traitorous deserter? WHAT? WHO SAW THAT COMING??
And I suppose Terminus is just gonna let the moon crash and hope for the best.
No snow means more time to read this textbook. Yayy surgical nursing
Can girls host an "elite" #Super Bowl party? Your calls next....
I just love how little my state cares about same-sex marriage. # m a r r i a g e e q a u lit y
Have I ever mentioned how much I love insomnia-.- # let me sleep # please !!!
good thing that geometry quiz made sense
Yay... Another day of classes. I couldn't be more thrilled to spend a day on campus. Annnnnnd
They canceled the blizzard so I tried to return my milk and bread but they wouldn't take them back.
Shoutout to the geniuses shooting video with their phones while driving in the snow. You're the reason our roads are safe
When ppl post photos of the snowstorm right now. Noice looks like every other photo
So much snow!!! At least my boyfriend is home!!! # bullshit snow day
Thanks snow for canceling my last driving lesson, you're great
Thank you co-worker for coming into work coughing and complaining of being sick. I appreciate you sharing.. # f b
No snow day for us but a school down the road gets one. # i love school
wow this huge blizzard really is crazy..
Impeach deBlasio and Cuomo for being prepared! How dare they!
Mercury retrograde until February 11th... Yay!!
My last tweet was full of
Love wasting money on stuff that i cant find
Wow. The NYC storm turned out to be not as # historic as hyped. I'm surprised.
Today, thanks for being so cold and snowing!
I saw a guy on his motorcycle and the back of his shirt said "If you can read this the b*tch fell off." # copied
Sell Mortimer, sell!!! $MSFT loses money on FX and $CAT loses money on oil and durables have perished! Selllllllll!!!!
Home from work. Thanks winter. Thanks a lot... # blizzard of 2015
What a great birthday week so far..
I have suggest ! ' All those that have family - almost all - should stop helping their friends in need bc they have family '
If you get all your news from Facebook, I'm quite sure you are not misinformed.
Omg there is so much snow. I can't believe it. How am I going to leave my house.
So your saying the news totally blew the east coast storm out of proportion?
Well, look at that. It's snowing again.
Why is this Blizzard named Juno and the one in 78, "of 78".
Snow and wind and all round BADNESS on the way here by all accounts. Woo. Can't wait.
Nearly got my face blown off by some reckless idiots launching fireworks on the beach...so, that was fun. # pat on g
should have a first in that shit
What am I going to do with all this milk and eggs? # storm that never happened # S n o w m aged don 2015
# heute show presents # n a z is against # f a s c i s t s # P e g i d a against # L e g i d a
Dentist visit with a stuffy nose. Can't think of a more enjoyable experience.
Glad no one over prepared for that storm....
My snow day is still a snow day. Glad I've been wide awake for a couple hours... # i could be sleeping
Pant pant, wait, Facebook was down? Panic attack ensue. LOL
Well we only had about 3-4 inches of snow. So I have to go to work this morning. Yay. # sadness
So hard to get to work # blizzard of 2015
I can tell already that today is going to be fantastic.
Hey, is it like, snowing in New York? I haven't heard anything about it on the news so...
I can already tell today is going to be a great day.
What a crazy blizzard we had!!!!!!
Squash has been cancelled for today - thanks Eskom
Well now he can say he know Suzy
Oh, look at all the fucking snow that we got.
Ahhh the processing power of an intel core i3
Im at my chemistry tuition! Life is fun :D
In support of people up north & # blizzard of 2015 Florida will only hit 70 degrees today. #True Support #What Are Friends For
Did it snow in NYC? Can't seem to find anything about it on twitter.
Janey maybe ur rm should be promoting ur LTs then have ur dad have a warla twitter acct too.maybe THEN u can tweet anything u want
Today is going to be a fantastic day!!! # slept for 2 hours
6 In the mornin no school and I'm up yay
I love it when I can't sleep.
Love it when my gym has the TVs on but no captions
Yes Nathan I love it when you bite my cheek instead of giving me a kiss # pa renting # biter #1 year old # naughty boy
4.5 hour oil change. That might be a new record. # Q a tar
Staying up all night watching movies... Good thing we had such a blizzard
Parents, letting ur kid that can barely see over the counter pack ur groceries is awesome. I have no where to go, take ur time!
Accounts with number #666 stop tagging me or else I'll go all # Constantin e on you'll. # p is sed off
Well reading that has ruined my week # ya y # cant wait
Great. Just trudged all the way to my 4am karate class & apparently it's cancelled cuz of the storm. Thanks for the email, guys!
Did you know it was 100 days until the GE?? Why did no-one tell me!?!?!?!
Oh no! Face book is down # face book down # Face book
Yep cheers house mate for banging on the front door at half 2 when i had to get up at half 7 # no sleep # lovin gun i right now
is like electricity, only half of the country gets it!
Wow this snow storm is crazy  #I Dont See Shit
The BBC asks a banker about the outlook for the economy to ensure they get a balanced view.
And now there's nothing on my timeline #Thanks Facebook #Thanks Instagram
oh yay facebooks back that was terrible
"You're eyes are really big...like creepy big...is that even normal?" WOW PEOPLE ARE SO NICE ON THE INTERNET. :) :) :)
#Facebook Down?! Where am I going to get my # news ?! I wonder what everyone did w their #selfie(s) for an hr? #Lifes Mysteries
Perfect timing for my internet to crap out... ...
So Facebook went down and there was major panic even as it was so early...imagine if it went down at peak time....global crisis
Good thing I was too busy working on a presentation to notice the Facebook blackout
What was that? 2 hour crash? FB & Instagram down. Mass chaos everywhere.
No more # face book down 40mins of life struck, yet to see who all survived this.. # India # Delhi # p unintended with
I'm shocked that twitter is boring at 2 o'clock in the morning
Nothing wrong with someone moving in right now when I have to get up at five. # in consider ate # so done
Oh no the end of the world is near: Facebook is down! # face book down
Oh I just love having creepy sex dreams about people I know and see regularly.
Can anyone confirm if facebook is down?
the world is saved! # Face book is back online!
Since # face book is down you can all find me on Google+!
How is the weather like in #NY???? # e n o u g h s n o w p i c s #Get Over It
cue global panic life without # face book and # in stag ram #Social Meltdown2015 how on earth will we survive!?!?
Oh no! Facebook and Instagram are down? But how will I share my blizzard photos with the world?! # blizzard of 2015
So excited for work tonight .
OMG Facebook and Instagram down...what are we going to do!  ...kinda
Facebook is down so please go old-school and email your cat photos / baby photos / wedding photos instead. Thanks! # face book is down
Facebook and insta are down?!? Must be the Patriots letting a little air out! # get it # too soon # sorry not sorry
Facebook down. Bill Belichick to hold press conference tomorrow about it.
# face book down an historic moment. Take a Selfie to share this story with your future grandchildren # p unintended # Delhi # India
# face book down # in stag ram down The world has come to an end!
I was in a huge panic over # Face book being down, then realized I haven't have an account there in almost a year &no I don't miss it
Oh No! The Poly-SkuXx-AkL PaGeZ will be unresponsive for awhile  #Facebook Is Down lol
Facebook stock should do well tomorrow.
Facebook & Instagram are both down !!! How am I suppose to live # social media
OMG FACBOOK IS DOWN WHAT AM I GOING TO DO  #Facbook Down
People might actually have to start speaking to each other again. Imagine that! # face book down # in stag ram down
Everybody is in panic because facebook and instagram is down
Instagram is down, quickly describe your breakfast
The #Doomsday Clock was right! the world is ending! # Face book and # In stag ram are down! # End of the world
breaking news ?! Really # l r t oh no social media sites down the horror ! # l ol #umighthavetohavealifeforthenight
How am I supposed to know if people like my photos omg omg omg
Once upon a time we people had this thing called a Myspace. WE MUST GO BACK! # face book is down # r et r o my space
Good thing Twitter is up and running. Wouldn't wanna be forced to get sleep or anything like that.  #Social Obsession #Real Talk
Everyone! Calm yourselves! Remember MySpace! Go. To. MySpace!! We WILL survive this!! # s n a r k
OMG. Facebook is down. IMPLEMENT YOUR APOCALYPSE PLANS FELLOW PREPPERS. # just to be clear
# face book down Yes Sir, #WORLDWIDE! The end is near... #WWIII
# Face book is down so if I ever cooked or did something extra spectacular no one will ever know biaatch
Guess i'm not going out tonight. # tinder #mostbelievabletweetever
Sorry you can't post that selfie right now.
# B l i z z a r do f 2015 AND #Social Meltdown2015?! Oh the humanity! There's only so much tragedy one 20 something girl can take!
Oh no it is the end of the world as we know it #Facebook Down # In stag ram down
Really missing seeing what people ate for dinner with #Facebook Down
Just a tiny storm… Not even effecting the west coast. But no! # face book down This just got serious. # blizzard of 2015
"GASP" both Facebook and Instagram are down! What on Earth are we gonna do?!?
Instagram down too. The rubber band has snapped at Facebook HQ. What a shame.
OMG MY IG ISN'T WORKING!! haha only some people will get this ..
FACEBOOK DOWN. THE WORLD WILL END # face book down
How i love being woken at 5.30am
My gods! Facebook is down? IS THE WORLD ENDING? Surely these are tne end times.
# Face book goes down and I can’t update it on Face book # face book down
KO punch from Show, and now he and Kane are teaming up. Remember when they were a team as well? Me neither
This internet is so much better.....
Kyle doesn't think $1,800 a month is enough for a college student for food + non-essentials. #yourkidsarentspoiledatall #RHOBH
I just Love being the disposable friend.
I love reading advice on getting through tough times in life from people who have literally had every opportunity handed to them
3 cheers for 11 miles per gallon # t r u c k p r o b z
Okay everybody, we are witnessing a very important moment in the history of weather # S n o w m aged don 2015
"The best relationships are between friends." Good thing I have so many opportunities to make new guy friends.
Really feeling the tiredness..... Is that even a word?! Can't wait for the drive home  #Need Sleep
The summer wind came blowin' in...from across the sea.
If a cop and a teacher got in a relationship they'd be breaking necks with the ass load of money they'd make together  #Under Paid
Thanks for giving a shit about my well-being.
Starting Sons of Anarchy was a bad idea, but last 5 episodes (S01) proved it wrong. # Crime # Love #SOA
Thanks for the suprise today, it was a great one
I love spending hours of my valuable time doing stuff for people only for them to show no appreciation for it
I hope Jade gets the one on one date. I have no idea if she will with her being so prominent in the editing!  #The Bachelor
I love how Andrew only has 6 photos on his Instagram.
Spending the night camping with a bunch of gals? Yeah, I'm sure this will go just fine.  #The Bachelor
C in der ell a theme date. Disney owns ABC... yes let's market # C in der ell a on #The Bachelor .
Just what I hoped for, another sleepless night.
OMG! I just saw 50 shades of gray, and the book is soo much better!
Remember when he and The Miz used to be The Awesome Truth? No? Neither do i.
I can't deal with all of this snow
I already know this week is gunna be fantastic
Wow. What seamless integration. The sponsorship team really outdid themselves  #The Bachelor
Wow. My day just keeps getting better.
Reading yaks about the weather. I'm glad I'm surrounded by so many educated peoples.
Okay you went to Urth, you're so LA.
Holy crap! It's been forever since I was on here...what's the ALSChallenge?
Ok, the next time I make a tweet being sarcastic I'll use  , seriously people.
hopefully this noreaster doesn't prevent # Pat riots fans from making it to the super bowl #12 t h man in g lend ale
But hey, who even likes being able to flush their toilet without having to grab a bucket and refill the tank like a damn savage?
Thank you Globe for your reliable GoSurf plan.
When I reply "I thought you died or something" # i am who i am nobody likes you
those snow plows are a joy to my ears  but thanks guys your job is tedious
I'm just getting more followers.. I'm so excited!!
Wait, there's a snow storm coming?
Should've added to last # blizzard 2015 tweet. Just saying #Real Time Marketing is getting outta hand.
I just read in my theology textbook that "Jesus was a complex person"... wow... # t hats deep
I sooo love it when you tell me you'll let me know and then never text me back.
If you don't do stupid things while you're young, you'll have nothing to smile about when you're old .
Teacher:I'll have it on dropbox by like nine-ish. Me:Okay. *Just checked dropbox* Me:Thanks for nothing, Coach. #Hes Responsible
Totally didn't see that coming  #M T V Eye Candy
I love having the room at the end of my house next to the big trees. # lovin this wind
So I guess being on earth as long as I have has caused my booze tolerance to drop because of the humanity bit? AWESOME
Can't wait to wake up to 500 snaps of snow in the morning
love when my friend ask's me to hangout then says they can't and hangouts with someone else
Aw shit guys.... Cena and Rusev are about to fight... Let's get all the jobbers to hold them back #RAW
You know you have skills when you can sarcastically slow clap with your feet # Slow clap # hidden talents
Wait so Roman's Japanese? # Y o k o zu n a #RAW #Royal Rumble #Cancel W W E Network
Eating cereal without milk is such a great dinner
Global warming set to pound Northeast. Terrorism under control. Deficit only 18 trillion dollars. Obama at the helm.
I am so very glad that I got new neighbors upstairs. # elephants
I also heard that Provo, Ogden, St. George and Vernal were well know for their jook joints. # jazz i nut ah # w a s a t c h valley blues
Next week on #The Bachelor : MORE DRAMA LIKE NEVER BEFORE p.s. that's what  looks like
I didn’t watch the pilot of Star Trek TOS for the first time last night. And I DEFINITELY didn’t enjoy it.
The New York stock exchange is closed tomorrow and wwe had to postpone RAW tonight.....all because of the blizzard. Such a sad day.
Morgan sure hires the best referees
I'm glad the Jazz decided to show up.
Gosh, Utah is well know for its jazz music. Who could forget the Osmonds' version of Parchman Farm Blues?
Gotta love how depression always shows up when I need to be creative.
About to do mundane tasks today. # thrilled
your parents are you biggest motivators
That awkward eye contact with somebody who used to mean the world to you....had that today with Kayla fun. Fun
morning... got a grrrrrreeeeat wakeuo call
I really would have loved of ms Barnard would have reviewed with is but come on why would she do that? That would make sense...
I just love how people think I'm the greatest friend ever...then act like I'm non-existent!
I am so glad I have the most understanding parents in the world.
My badass and adorable are in thunder dome type battle... This is gonna be fun
This day just keeps getting better and better.
You know what never gets old? "That's all the _____ we had Karen!"  its what's for dinner.
This #RAW makes me wish I didn't #Cancel W W E Network.  #Support Indy Wrestling
It's supposed to snow in NY? I haven't heard anything about that... # J u no # where is it
I was kidding that last tweet
I'm about to make this Stats exam my bitch tomorrow  #Fail Me Now
Considering my tumultuous relationship with the outdoors my comments during next weeks episode should be wonderful!  #The Fosters
I’m so glad they showed this. I forgot that #My Client Brock Lesnar Conquered The Undertakers Undefeated Streak At Wrestlemania. # w z c s r
Get out of town!! You live in Iowa? AND you farm?? I would've never guessed. #The Bachelor
Disney product placement on abc. No way!!! # the bachelor
Lol this Rollins interview. Dude looks and acts like he wants to be there.
Wait... Is this whole thing a promo for # C in der ell a ?! Did not see that coming. #The Bachelor
Because that's not creepy at all. # got ham
I love riding the train in Tokyo and all of a sudden it gets taken out of service for absolutely no reason.
Why so serious people?? # so what # get over it
it's fun dragging someone into the technology age
I stress about stress before there's even stress to stress about.
Sometimes I use big words that I don't fully understand in an effort to make myself sound more # photo synthesis ......... That's
So counting balloons & smelling like rubber is super fun... # inventory time # retail problems # d d m
What if N. Korea is behind this blizzard.
Oh yeah, Wyatt has no hard feelings at all. He's totally over the breakup and not pissed at Callie at all. #The Fosters
Wait... I paid 9.99 for this last night and I can watch it free tonighr.. Thats it im going to #Cancel W W E Network
Boy do I love to make someone's day terrible in less than a second...
what a great time to be argentinean, so proud right now
So instead of #RAW we get to see the 2015 #Royal Rumble again? That's a great plan #WWE
Seth Rollins might cash in the briefcase at the HQ tonight
When I think about not being shy I definitely think that I must take off my top. With a group of girls. # bachelor
Homosexuality is a choice. Just like I chose to be hetero. And have hazel eyes. And be male...  #Addthe Words
You would think for how exciting Shane Battier was as a player, he would be a more exciting announcer.
Reviewing 300 pages of emails woot! # i need a new hobby
Wow. What an awesome way to end my night. Coming home sick from work. # i mm ad
Oh good. KD is out tonight.
It sucks so much that I have to keep not wearing makeup and my hair in a braid because APUSH presentations keep being pushed back
One hell of a game plan Heels drew up in this one...
Thanks for sticking up for me though
So much snow. I can't take it.  #Dont Listen To The Weather Forecaster
FASCINATED with NYC getting as much as 8 inches of snow in January! # H i s t o r i c
Not only that but yes ... I love being questioned constantly ... its my favorite thing # not really # irritated
I'l be spending my day off tomorrow reading up on organic chemistry. #Crazy Party # W o o
Wait .. Did coach k win a thousand games?! I didn't hear..
Love having to do everything for myself at work. Makes the night so much fun! # hate it # over this # telling my boss
It's awful balmy out right now..
The amount of comments I got on how much fun I looked like I was having was astounding # dad humor
LOVE working 11-hour days and not getting paid overtime # downfall of salary # exhausted
What if this Patriot locker room kid let the air out for the Mob? Maybe he had a gambling debt? Gotta pay the vig  #Deflate Gate
I have the BEST mom ever
I am sure no one in buffalo is laughing at NYC & the others freaking out over # s n o w p o c al y p se
Called B of A 4 times today and their system has hung up each time. Feeling valued as a customer  #Bankof America
NYC friends...please send more snowy pics. The rest of us haven't seen enough of them.
I can't wait for all the Frozen lyrics that will be said tomorrow  #doyouwanttobuildasnowman
Wait...it's January and there is a snow storm in New England?? That is breaking news!
Karen's having fun with xrays trying to get ready for wisdom teeth appointment next month # so fun #goodthingialreadydidmine
Stunned to hear this Upshaw news
I wish to thank the owner of the dog who allowed their pet to leave piles of turd at the bottom of my driveway this morning
Report: # Pat riots tell equipment manager. Keep your mouth shut or Aaron Hernandez will find you. #Deflate Gate
I like traffic. I like the kind where there are so many vehicles that when the light turns green I still don't move.
My brother & sister and sister-in-law are "stranded" in L.A. until Thurs. bc of # blizzard of 2015. What a terrible place to be.
Please participate in the poll Miner Maniacs #See Last R T
i just love it when bae makes food at my house and leaves the mess for me to clean up
Papa, le chansonnier que ‘everyone adores’ make a speech avant les referendum results come out #can’twait # v i v e l e q u e b e c l i b re
I love when I am about to read something and then an ad pops up. Can't get enough of it. (I better add the  tag just in case)
A foresee a sleepless night. This is gonna be fun!
Oh, of course! The ball boy decided out of the blue to deflate the footballs. #Deflate Gate # De flat riots # Cheat riots # scapegoat
Deflating the footballs made carrying them easier for the Patriots locker room attendant. I'm sure he wasn't instructed to deflate
Hey, guess what? It's snowing! I had no idea... You know...because nothing gets sensationalized.
Snow-mageddon has begun!! Everyone panic!!! # blizzard 2015
what a nice time for photobucket to go down. .
I really can't see why The Devils was so heavily censored....  #Ken Russell
So much talk about this snow storm… You would think there would be a state of emergency somewhere #full Feed  #warm In Florida
Going thro u g h everything I went thro u g h in psych in criminology # u g h # please stop
I take great joy in having to force quit Microsoft Word, now in existence for over 30 years and perfected by it's developers.
unfortunately my 3 day wend has turned into a 4 day wend. I'm not sure how I will survive this heartbreak # for day w end # boo ya h
Wow sitting on the LRT and not moving because of a "delay"? That never happens in # ye g # all the time #6 m i n s and counting
Do you have a liquor license at this establishment? Because I like to drink during State of Emergencies # blizzard of 2015
I love the fact that the pre exams start in just over two weeks! Isn't it fantastic? I'm so prepared to do well!  #LC2015
I don't know who that # R i h an n a chick is but now that # k anye put her on the map, she will do great things. # music
Up at 6.30am, hospital physio session, then PT session at gym, followed up by CPR training. Tomorrow is looking like too much fun.
Got to hate this dead of winter weather! # c la r if i cat ion hash tag # super nice outside # context hash tag
Today has seriously been fucking awesome.
oh wow, your boyfriend that you post a picture of every monday is your mcm?? i had no idea
Blackburn v Stoke next round. I am sure that will be a full house their at Ewood park.
I love asking questions in open source IRC channels. They’re always so supportive and helpful, or provide an excess of answers.
So, anything major happen in the world of professional wrestling lately?  #Royal Rumble
Two words: global warming (yeah, yeah, I know it's freezing cold, but it's the global warming google it!) # blizzard of 2015
I love how my father is a homophobe -.-
This 3+ hour commute is awesome!!! # blizzard of 2015 # miserable
I love how telling people how important they are to us just involves sharing a buzzfeed article and tagging them in it
I dunno if I buy Emma Watson as the bookish type.
ESPN ranks # Texans 5th in talent under 25 but Rick Smith sucks at GM cause he hasn't drafted a guy like Luck or Rodgers
SF 1 causes fiery clashes and intense partisanship on the House floor # m n leg #Just Get On With It
Really excited for my 600 minute job tomorrow
I have a test coming up again. # ya y
Sure. It was the locker room attendant. # fall guy #Deflate Gate
So "Snow-ready cities" can get shut down by unusually rough weather for the area? Thought it was just a southern thing
Boy do I love watching warm, sunny days go by from inside an office. # this is torture
I guess at Vandy, the students are taking a shot of honey jack e v erytime Robinson says "culture" # mor on # v and y trial
So yeah, I heard its snowing. Anyone else hear this? # blizzard 2015
My shovel game gonna be real strong come tomorrow # dedication
It makes me really sad that Tom Brady got his feelings hurt. It's hard for me to even think about. Poor guy. #NFL
So it looks like it's trendy for frontmen to leave their band... will it make us more popular if Oli leaves? # pleased on t say yes
Today has been the best day of my life...
Forgot how fun it was to not have Internet when your job is based entirely around being connected
The pictures of NYC in the snow. Filling me with bloody joy it has to be said!
"Four Lions" - a must watch. It is as much funny as it is serious about some points on current affairs #Four Lions # irony
New York and the rest of the northeast is looking at possibly the worst blizzard in history but climate change isn't real guys
Passive-aggressive, beat-around-the-bush statements are just my favorite # just say it # burn the bush
I actually can't be bothered any more with prelims, can't wait for the actual exams
Well... Kobe is out. now we're not going to make it to the playoffs... # we were so close
Should be fun to walk home in the snow whenever I can leave work... # blizzard of 2015
So randy Orton was at the rumble. Dressed and ready to go, but they decided against it in the end. Very smart, as usual.
Why is # S ha b n am trending? Is her 'new storyline' that she's fucked off to Syria to join #ISIS? # E a s t e n d e r s .... .
This day just keeps getting better
I can't believe SkyMall filed for bankruptcy. They sold such useful & reasonably priced items.
Mike Richards on waivers at 5.75 million a year and the Leafs are passing this opportunity up?  #Go Leafs Go #T M Ltalk
Wow, th a t w a s a n effective meeting #UNSC # U k r a in e # C h u r kin # Russi a # Put in # prop a g a nd a
So apparently fashion is just a fucking joke now. Sending butt plugs and penis cloaks down the runway?! AWESOME!  #R I Pfashion
Stand still traffic and I have to pee! # what i have always wanted # perfect
I lovvveeeeeee hearing Chelsea's pencil on the paper when she's drawing bc she doesn't talk.
Super Bowl parties get all the fanfare, but I love a good Pro Bowl party. Yesterday's party was epic! #NFL # super bowl party
Cast members are so nice here.  #WDW
Anyone know anyone selling Coffee?? Gonna start selling water i think. # h y d rate # healthy living # lose weight # l e m m i n g s
The same media consortm tht clms kenyan contct is too 'xpensive' is nw crying foul #Digital Migration
A blizzard in NY in January? That's unheard of!!! Lol
I'm going to Rome, I'm going to Rome. Holy shit I'm going to Rome!! # O r v i e to 2015 #Im Not Excited #K S U Study Abroad
# Sherlock and # knitting . Because my life is exciting as fuck!
Oh no! Gamefly doesn't have the new Batman game yet! Guess I better cancel my Gamefly account!!!
I love leaving my wallet and lunch at home on the same day. Totally convenient!
If Darryl Sutter was such a good coach, he'd have pulled Fleury long before 2nd period ended yesterday.
Is it supposed to snow in the Northeast? I haven't heard anything....
# U be r will not let their surge pricing go above 2.8% due to the declared State of Emergency. How thoughtful! # blizzard of 2015
Lmao I just have the best luck ever
Just finished an audition, and I speak for every actor when I say it's by far the most fun part of the job. # Act or # actors life
Thanks MTA for the announcement because I otherwise would never have figured out there was extreme snow conditions
Perfect day for a casual walk? # j u no blizzard # snow boots #N Y Cblizzard
This Twitch chat so classy. .
It's ok, I didn't have plans  is underrated!!!!
JSYK, a Coke driver running into a light pole is CLEARLY a reason that the Olympics shouldn't be in boston. You know. Because.
Lincoln said he wants to murder a bunch of people.. no complaints from the morality police? Shocking.
Fresno State is cool 'cause we have a Starbucks in our library.
Is there some sort of weather event happening on me right now? I HADN'T NOTICED. # blizzard of 2015
love putting the little pieces of the puzzle together cause once your finished you get so amazed with what you really see.  #SHM
Did the Superbowl pre game show start yet? Don't want to miss a minute.
Still haven't heard from the shop about my car... All this suspense... I'm sooo chill, it's not bothering me at all!
Two week seminar for one of my classes which without I can't pass the course...I'm already waiting for 8am to 6pm Tuesdays :)))))
I'm so glad they invited 3 alumni who still work on campus to speak at senior chapel. Terribly inspiring.  #P L N Uchapel
I don't do #ADVICE. Will  do?
Ahhh I love people that talk about me without knowing the true story! Get a life # lies
Watching old episodes if the walking dead, and looking foward to seeing my new bff tommoz
So the legendary SONAKSHI SINHA leads Ghanta Awards 2015. Mhmmmm!
Thank you for listening to your ratchet music so loud I can hear it, that's the music I listen to all the time too # go away
Work in an hour. Gotta watch out for my wacko of a neighbor... So many fun people in my town...  Also saw my creeper today!
I think I'm going to kill my teacher # b u t s h e s boring
Its terrible that Greece wants to get the same deal for its people that the banks got. #Renegotiated Deal
I love those mornings when I wake up to my alarm turned off, phone unplugged, and a call ended & remember doing none of it. # not
Passive aggressively expressing frustration about someone via social media is such an effective and mature way of communication
Wait, so if # Raw is canceled... that means no # Raw PreShow and no PreShow code? Now THAT makes #Cancel W W E Network make sense
Did we really need to ???
Flyers should sign Mike Richards off waivers! $5.75 mil a year sounds great!
I'm dumb & I smoke weed every second of the day though
Woah what a super unexpected surprise... No school tomorrow
Wow today is so much better than yesterday!
Wow the snow is coming down like crazy.. I guess too dangerous for us to take our regents
I love how OS X has consistent window behavior between different applications. # maxim is e
Oh yea, this snow storm is sooooooo bad. # stupid weather #mothernatureisthe H B I C
so apparently there's a blizzard coming to New York... #N Y Cblizzard # blizzard of 2015
What a grreat way to start off Monday morning
My legs feel like damn jello now thanks Dr. Farley
I tell you to leave me alone and what do you do scream in my face yes my friend that is definatly the definition of leave me alone
Oh how I missed working in this cold greasy place
Working a double in a snow storm is really awesome
Now I'm going to reward myself with some burpees and thrusters.
I absolutely love the sounds my car makes
# b l i z a r d 2015 this should be fun #Bucks Snow
having to make life changing decisions is so wonderful lol
I'm not shy, I'm holding back my awesomess, so I don't intimidate you! # w y l d K.M.
With a start like that, I can tell it's gunna be a great Monday
Nobody's talking about the real anxiety during s no wstorms: your Directv satellite goes out and you can't reach the dish. # no
I wish I had a friend like me
RIP #R K Laxman ... Who invented when # T wit t e r was not even born..
I look forward to my entire snapchat story being filled with pictures of snow
Hernando DeSoto in 1539 is the first one documented for bringing # wild hogs to North America. #thanks Hernando
Oh thank you Mother Nature snow is just what I wanted for my birthday
I forgot how much I love HCC # j k # college life
Wow I made it to school just fine in my two wheel drive manual, ford focus without slipping what a surprise.
I swear I do this to myself. Great way to start the week
At least now we can concentrate on our transfer targets......... # n u f c
Bored, hungry, tired and poorly. I do love myself.
Thank god for Facebook or I never would have known it was snowing here in New York City!
Isn't it awesome when you almost get in trouble because Other people don't communicate?  #Next Time Gadget
I didn't know Samuel Adams was an acrobat and building climber? #Sons Of Liberty # history channel
You know what's fun? Waking up sick before a blizzard.
Done with Mitosis on to Mendel. Again # who o o
# p t so many, in fact, that you would almost say there might actually be something wrong with this entire entity #Egy p t #MOI
Every time the lights go off my thankyouzumometer goes on to overdrive. # load shedding # e s k o m
This huge northeast snowstorm should be a fine reminder of how terrific electric cars such as $TSLA are in cold weather.
Our professor is lecturing about how to make a baby like you: "smile at the baby"... Should I be taking notes?
HEY GUYS IS IT SNOWING OUT?! Because I don't have my own windows to look out, everyone make sure to tweet about it!
No way!! We had a booklet???!???
The girls are 11 months. That means I only have 30 days to create the perfect DIY Pinterest birthday party that they won't remember.
Untangling my # Head phones everytime I leave the house never gets old # R e p e t i t i v e # F rust rating #Not Fun xxx
I have been reading my Twitter feed instead of paying attention and am now on the wrong train. THANKS EVERYONE.
Thank god we lost Pleasure Island for a hat shop!
Roman Reigns won the #Royal Rumble.? Oh my god! I would have never thought!!!
Just heard # Bengal is no longer a part of # India .. Is it true ? #Raised Eyebrow #R Day Controversy #Republic Day Parade
I loovvveeeee getting 4 hours of sleep
It's 6 am on a Monday morning # ya y
About once a year somebody will ask me “Where is the ice?” I reply “Check the oven”
Yeah I’m going to exploit someone’s life for retweets. .
I like hanging out with people I don't have any spark with. Sooo much fun
How can I miss you if you won’t go away?
Oh yay, we are suppose to be getting a "historic" snowfall. 20-30 inches! # I don t like y # W a k e me up when its spring # I ma bear
Biotech $JUNO down 2% # p remark et . Annoyed people preparing for the Blizzard of 2015 just selling it out of spite?
falgunivasavada: #RIP #R K Laxman - one of v few who understood how to use in # art to address national & common people issues! # c a ...
#RIP #R K Laxman - one of v few who understood how to use in # art to address national & common people issues! #c art oons # vision a r y
So I get he was part of our graduating class- but I wonder if I died if people who barely knew me would pretend they care too
Turned off my alarm in my sleep. Thank you tired Adessa. I appreciate it sooooo much.
"It's what we need that matters." Yep. Definitely not spoiled nor entitled.
Just as a rule, if you have to ask if I'm kidding or not, odds are, I am. # learn it love it live it
Oh, my life is so difficult. Wah.
Thanks Microsoft Outlook. You have great timing. # Monday # identity rebuild
so proud of you guys for parking so well today
This is my first "tweet". How exciting. Now for some hashtags. # m o d e r n a n a c h r o n i s m #idratherbeplayingskyrim # am i doing this right
This class is going to be too damn fun # no
More rain and gloomy skies in the ATL. just what we need.
I enjoy tweets that no one understands but the tweeter.
Sigh...now for the inevitable after-X Games depression.
oh i have such a great life :D
Well aren't you just a fucking ray of sunshine shooting out of a unicorns ass?!!  #Smart Ass #Love It
Hang on though. Is Lonely Eyes really on the radio right now? Perf way to start my day
Starting my Monday right. #Car Accident Survivor # f ml
Can't wait to see 3000 pics of rulers in my timeline for the next day. # we get it
Cool, glad you consider me your friend.
Go Bus Driver: the presto machine isn't working, do you still want to come on? Me: no I'll wait for the next bus and pay
My favorite part of my day is being woken up by my mom playing "Welcome to the jungle" at 8am loud as fuck. # in ever get toe le e p
thank you, snow, for not sticking to anything # w h e r e s my snow day
The best part about college is having class on a day like this
How long before economists start lowering their Q1 GDP forecasts because of the Blizzard of 2015?
Shoutout to UMBC! I love driving over the key bridge with its icy spots while it's snowing!  #thinkaboutyourcommuters
Oh my god, how am I going to drive back to Charlottesville in a single inch of snow? It's so terrifying. # w is cons in born
Monotony of essay marking process has been broken up by marking of dissertation proposals. Nothing brings me more joy  !!!
Midnight panic attacks that take you three hours to calm down from are the best
so much sleep last night omg
Another great mix of Australian music for the skyshow # pert h sky show #945 be better
Never put off to tomorrow that which can be wait until next week.
It's a Monday Morning Happy Dance Party!! Everyone is happeeeeeeeeeee!!! No grumpy host to be heard!! #Funny Show # W a r r i o r s
It's so fun hanging out alone.
No snow, I don't mind that you waited until morning to start, I wanted to go to class today.
Love getting called in this early #Happy Monday
I guess Gamal Mubarak will publish his memoir soon. "The Royal betrayed by ungrateful subjects" # Egypt # Jan 25
Good thing I have a boyfriend to warm up my car and scrape it this morning bc if I didn't Id be pissed.
“This is what happened in love. One of you cried a lot and then both of you grew sarcastic.” ― Lorrie Moore # quotes
Setting up # i phone 6' s i s not part of my job de s cription for the elderly. # love my job
And we are off to a greaaaaat start of the day!
This bio midterm is making me happy:))))))
Well, I've been allowed out of the lab for a whole 30 minutes. Whoopie! ( )
No better way to start off the last semester with an early volleyball practise  #Why Me
No parents, your kids screaming at the top of their lungs inside the coffee shop while I try & do a bit of writing is adorable!
Today - I spend the day preparing for the snow storm coming tonight/tomorrow. I'm SO excited
I don't insult people I just describe then accurately :) # fun n ys # its called being honest
Experiencing LRT at its finest. # poor service #LRT1
There's a taxi stopped SB Deerfoot on the Calf Robe in the RHL. Totally safe. # y y c traffic
Yay! Load shedding from 20:00 - 22:30 tonight in the Southern Peninsula.... # Lo ad shedding
Thank you Eskom, I can't work now. # blackout # angry
Is there going to be a blizzard or something?
Oh come on YG didnt u say 2NE1 will be active around CL's solo debut
Is it sorority recruitment? I can't tell because no one's posting about it!!
"Scientists: Glacier melting due to warming oceans." Really?! Wow. Mind blown. Never would have thought that. What a breakthrough.
Gasp! A Japanese officiating crew! If we lose, we already know why!
Here it is. 3 AM and I can't fall back to sleep. Nice. # m a m a n e e p s sleep
omg! roman reigns won the #Royal Rumble? i would've never thought he would win. # Bullshit #Roman Sucks
I friggin love germanna so much they're always so helpful and not anal about anything ever. # out the ass
Guess what? It's Monday. I looooooooove mondays
well that was just fantastic # s m h
quality song atm in triple j 100. .
That was a rubbed nights sleep, must of been all the excitement of Monday morning keeping me awake
Omg. It's monday.plus I'm sick today. Long day at work for me. # very great
no school tho! am I right
I love the way random  makes me laugh, even when I am the object of it! #Looking4 Magic
Oh yes Miss USA yes. Beautiful and MEANINGFUL response  basic ass answer
I love it when I'm exhausted all day and I finally lay down and I can't sleep
Indian Government be like "No More IPL For David Warner Because The Way He Celebrated" #A U Sv I N D # c w c 15
the shining is a GREAT movie to watch right before going to bed ! :D
Hooray more dinner and # biting politeness at dinner with #Miss Bunting #Downton P B S
Ah... to be in the "friend zone"... tis' so much fun.  #Real Life
Thank you greyhound for not putting my sleeping bags on the bus. Really, I appreciate it.
Chemistry lecture in less than 5 hours, yaaaaaay.
I have a black belt in .
Apparently something happened in wrestling tonight that badly upset people? Thanks Twitter, for once more keeping me in the loop! ?
Daisy please cry more. Jk you cry waaaay too much # Chapter 5
Wow # bass pro shop subtle use of advertising on # wicked t un a # season two lol
This paycheck is probably the most pathetic one.. good thing I have insurance and the car payment # h e l p m e i m poor
I make stuff up for shits & grins because there's nothing better to do # j s # biz # new ventures
Its a work day tomorrow so if you're getting drunk on #Australia Day you're a dole bludger or student, get a real job ya bums
I am unhappy that Hornswoggle did not even enter the #Royal Rumble! I'll cancel my subscription to the network now! !
Yay, I love it when all but 3 of my raid team cancel # s wt or # s wt or family
Can't wait for my Roman Reigns plaque
Just watched the interview for the first time.. I have no idea why North Korea was offended
log into a website multiple times and enter that information as well as my weight for each activity. (2/2) #Thanks A C A  #i H A T Ethis
Feeling unwanted is seriously the best feeling ever
well im happy to see you too # u g h
Maybe I should post the weather forecast for tomorrow, all my friends with smartphones may not be aware of the blizzard yet
black widow got her first ticket, yay. # pulled over # red light # w hoops
What a great ending to an even better fucking weekend!!!!!! # y as # fuck my life
New year, new trend. Yup, coaches wearing kicks with their regular suits are a must for this year.
I'm really glad my exam grade for ap Chem still isn't in, Gazzola is the real mvp
Monday. The best day of the week! # mon day # school # school day
#Wrestle Mania31: German Suplexes vs. Spears... now that's a main event.
Am I right on this that if you simply start for an NFL team you make the #Pro Bowl?
Here is what I can tell you about the "Big News" from Rivals on Mike Weber... It is so big no one has leaked it after 2+ hours.
People's grammar on Twitter tonight is on point.  #Too Many To Correct #Need A Sidekick #Wheres Jean
So glad I took a day off work for this.  #Royal Rumble
ATTENTION. My name is Aja Murray and I totally think this pageant is 100 percent political #Miss Universe
Sickening headache, that ntb, & Miss USA not winning has got my night on point
woah there Miss Columbia. calm down. no need to get so excited.  #Miss Universe
For a second I thought Kane had it.
Wow Roman Reigns wins the #Royal Rumble didn't see that one coming
Well i didn't see that coming! #Royal Rumble
The N u g gets lose another close game . . . I'm stunned. # N u g gets #NBA #Go Nuggs
Roman Reigns wins the #Royal Rumble match. Didn't see that comin'.  #WWE2K15
Didn't see that one coming. #Royal Rumbe
The Rock. Just what the people wanted.  #ROYALRUMBLE
So its gonna be Roman Reigns vs Brock Lesnar at Mania. Oh great.  #Royal Rumble
Reigns, Kane and Show are the three remaining Superstars in the Rumble? LMFAO! Wow, I wonder who will win? #Royal Rumble
Man listen to the heat Big Show and Kane are getting!  #Royal Rumble
I love losing on NHL15. This game is so good.
Hm I wonder who's going to win now? #Royal Rumble
Gee. Wonder who will headline Wrestlemania?
At least Bray was eliminated by some worthy young up-and-comers. # w we #Royal Rumble
Love it! # funny # hilarious # prank # smart ass #LOL #Laugh Out Lyme
Oh no but you have bible verses in your bios and you go to church so that must not be true. # practice what you preach
Hey, did you hear there is a blizzard coming to the northeast?
Oh good, the neighbours got drums. # y q r
2 hours later still awake still uncomfortable and I hurt. Oh and then there's the heartburn aswell. Just love pregnancy.
Wow today I'm winning the Twitter lottery. Attracting the homophobes and gg.. What did I do for these pleasantries?
We'll obviously #Miss Universe U S A goes through. # du h
Yaay Pro Bowl here!! What kind of Douchebag takes a superstreach limo to a Safeway where it takes up all the space in front?
Someone told me it's going to snow. Is this true?
Damn I thought zach Ryder had it... #Royal Rumble
So stoked to be sleeping at my job til Wednesday basically.  #Stupid Butts
This host is not biased at all...  #Miss Universe
After that # T e r p s victory, I'm not sure my heart can take the excitement of the #Pro Bowl.
Jeez. . . . Pro bowl halftime was really really great.
Bubba Ray returns to WWE. Didn't see that coming.. # t h a n k s d i r t s h e e t s s
my brother can be so talkative sometimes
Every time someone asks me "REALLY?!" I wanna say "No I'm lying..."  tweet
I can't even remember what I had for breakfast
#Sons Of Liberty is just propaganda to get Americans to rally against the Brits....again.
And this has been a fun weekend.
Of course USA is a finalist. Why wouldn't she be?
Wow what a surprise that USA was one of the 10 semi-finalist # not surprised #Miss Universe
Pneumonia and bronchitis have made me a prisoner to my phone. I am loving life right now!
My friends really appreciate my friendship and they make sure to let me know how great of a friend I am constantly..
We have a rule in the King house, no HW on Sun nights. So what are we doing? Homework! Parenting 101 peeps! # l i v in the dream # f b
My phone is buzzing of the hook right now!
Jamaica looks like all the Jamaican woman i know lol
I am so very shocked that they are talking about D&D during this interview
Watching the pro bowl? No. Miss universe? No. I'm watching wire being stripped. Yea baby.
2-3 feet of snow for us in New York can't wait for this!!!!!! # made up for decent winter
S/o to Mrs. Burns for giving us a test right after finals! # thanks ! # f a v teacher #YOUARETHEDEVIL
Can't wait to commute in the blizzard for the next two days!
ugh.. thank you alarm clock for reminding me how many more hours until 3 am...
Looking forward to working in this upcoming storm # is it summer yet
Oh, a German suplex. Great. #Royal Rumble
# Philly crowd really into Cena #Royal Rumble
Good ol Claudia, keeping it classy...  #RHOA
First WWE World Heavyweight Championship match in four months! Lesnar has been a great champion. #Royal Rumble  #Lets Go Seth
Clearly saw and heard the electric chair call during divas tag match. Real good work.  #Royal Rumble
I'm really happy that my mom isn't talking to me after I was away the whole weekend. It's just super I could come home to this.
The Bellas = Technical Wrestling perfection. # royal rumble
Just beat Morpha in about 20 seconds. Yes, I know this makes me a complete badass. # Z e l d a #Oo T ...
Gaiz, obvs my taste in women is very realistic and obvs my chances with any woman aren't absolutely zero
I'm having a beer to celebrate me finally getting my drinking under control # do h # w ah w ah #Badum Tss # cheers #Relax Its A Joke
Elvis Dumervil is not supposed to blitz because of his position with Pro Bowl rules. NFL will soon fine him $500,000. .
OMG Philippines in the top 15 at #Miss Universe what a shocker # l o l j k
I love the lectures on how to treat you K
Nice coverage on that Olsen td....... #Pro Bowl
It's definitely not going to be JK Simmons # lock in #S A G Awards
Wow. They are really getting after it at the #Pro Bowl.
10 hour shifts are probably my favorite things to do on weekends...
Some great blocking on that field goal.  #Pro Bowl2015
Great. Hit the start of the night when ESPN3's stream starts stuttering and freezing. The next few hours are going to be great.
But I won't be there to watch it. Such a pity
Crowd erupted in boos when nobody blocked or tackled on the Demarco Murray run. And this is why the #Pro Bowl is so popular
No effort in the Pro Bowl? What a shock.
This Seventh Son movie looks so original, unlike anything I've ever read in Fantasy.
slowly watching every person you've ever cared about stop talking to you and leave you is the best feeling in the world
My favoritest time to be on Twitter is when there's an award show on!  I have things on the dvr, thank goodness.
Uh-oh. Azarenka is up 2-0 in a set against Domi. Last time went well for her. # Po me #Aus Open
Shocking that the hometown guy won MVP.  #NHL
YES JON GRUDEN IS COMMENTATING THE PRO BOWL
Bassist: so do you mind if I use that bass strap with your photo on it? Me: I have an issue with having my photos shown publicly
If it weren't for # T wit t e r , I wouldn't know that an epic snowstorm is going to hit #NYC
Suprise entrance should be Bret Hart, and then win the whole thing. # a g u y c and re am #thed re am # royal rumble # w we #W W E Philly #W W E Network
Guess we got some snow a comin'. # ya y # sad face
Triple H vs Sting at #Wrestle Mania. The Dream Match that everyone has been wanting to see for over 20 years.  #Undertakervs Sting
Way to put me in an even better mood. That's great. Love it.
15 minutes until the greatest display of professional football on the planet #Pro Bowl  #No D
I dunno what everyone is complaining about. I am loving this all star game. Best beer league all star game I have seen In a while.
Its a good feeling to leave home at 7am and come back at 11pm.
really excited about the pro bowl tonite
If it keeps snowing like this we'll be off all week
While # S a if did 'Love Jihad', Khemu retorted with 'Bahu lao, beti bachao' # Check mate #Jai Hind
# is les JT with 4goals as a winger. Maybe we should put him as a winger and Frans the C with Okie
If no one takes you seriously just add "official" at the end of all your artist social media links I'm sure that'll do the trick
Last post for those that don't know.. # humor # its a joke
So being sick and having # tend on it is is just awesome # not really
If not for Michelle Obama, I'd have no clue how to feed my grandkids or my family.
I love Jeff Van Grundy. Favorite NBA announcer.
11 ships with 500 marines over run 7.5 million square kilometres? # invasion day
Regarding that RT from nearly a year ago, probably the nicest thing she has said about me. # adult ere r
Obama has stimulated homelessness, joblessness, racism & put our security in jeopardy...Hey, what's not to like about that.
Geez these "all-star" goalies suck. 17 goals given up? Wow.
Wow the NHL all star game is so exciting I can't take my eyes off the tv. # this gamesucks
Freezing and glands so swollen I've no neck left! Work will be fun tomorrow
this years nhl all star game jerseys are the nicest jerseys I have ever seen
I'm a better man after being lectured on integrity by Ray Lewis.
Pull Fleury. He's really awful. #N H L All Star # I bet $1000 on this game
When you get a text from the off shift nurse leader to pack an overnight bag for tomorrow's shift >>>>>
Big up the m40 being closed ... Perfect end to the weekend.
First assignment of the week handed in - just over 9000 words! # loving final year # best year of my life #9000 words of b ants # essay b ants
I have such great people in my life
Fallout Boy looked like they were ABSOLUTELY thrilled to be playing the #N H L All Star Game <<
It's a really smart idea to discuss legalizing marijuana when you're in the military.
Cannot wait to listen to loads of BS
WAIT you're telling me TIC stands for The Impact Capital and NOT The Iceland Clan? That wouldn't make any sense!
People criticize money & then complain that they don't have any # genius Excuse me while I go sell something...
I'll always remind the cameraman to capture the good side of me.
So glad we're spending so much time together
it's the RICH people (business owners) who work hard that are the reason for the one's who don't work at all being where they are.
I don't see one single player not in the All Star game talking about the game. They obviously don't care about hockey at all.
Obama condemns ISIS beheading of Japanese journalist. ISIS realizes they have done bad; asks Obama to teach them the right way
Oh hey, the NHL All-Star game is on. Way to advertise the crap out of that one NHL.
I just love getting dirty looks from people
Uh oh, the winter storm warning has gone from orange to red. That's no good.
Is there a #Global Warming summit on the East Coast somewhere this week? Always seems a blizzard hits DC when they meet!
I wish the northeast would get an adequate amount of weather coverage.
Goal song for team intros is done, # A vs fans can take the rest of the game off, nothing more to cheer here
Luke Skywalker forgave his father for the terrible things he did, therefore why isn't there world peace already?
Here's Josh Gordon's "history" in the NFL - Cough syrup, 2 nanograms of THC and s drink. Get rid of this thug already.
Glad my mat215 teacher knows how to assign hw.
It is fun to get hacked in fifa
Was so fun teaching 82 to drive with her GPS  #Ineed A Drink
Great. Gotta listen to Doc Emrick tonight.  #N H L All Star Game #N H Lon N B C Sports
They do absolutely nothing wrong. I'm the one who always messes everything up.
Amazing how nothing newsworthy ever happens when a storm is heading toward NYC.
Thank goodness for Josh Gordon. Now we don't have to hear about DeflateGate for another week.
Watching How It's Made and on my phone. Baby is out on me.... Darn. # life is very good
Sure wish the wind would blow a little!!!!
I just had to replace the battery and reprogram my car key fob. That was like playing Simon says. Big thanks to Al Gore's internet.
Shoutout to all Varsity All Stars starting JV playoffs tonight in the MVCHA #whyareyou J Vifyouarea Varsity All Star? # anti develop e men t
Thank you Sangria + IPA for making my brain feel so good today
The refs gave Coach K all his 1,000 wins.
I am havin fun listening to the conversation behind me-"next thing u know people will be eating their pets"  #BLIZZARDWATCH
Adding Insult to injury - garage door opener breaks. Perfect timing.
This Kurtic substitution is really working out
So, Kanye's upcoming album is ENTITELY co-produced with Paul McCartney (who ever that guy is)
My appearance right now while going to the grocery store bound to see everyone I know...  #atleastipaintedmynailstoday
waking up to argue with people is the most fun i've had in a while
Hey, did you guys know that Eric Compton has had two heart transplants? I had no idea!
Will future generations evolve, and develop longer arms because of selfies?
We have scored. Mission accomplished. Now let's just get lazy again
Wow! Sunday afternoon sports games go by so quickly, don't they?
The NFL should just lighten their drug policies again...  #Josh Gordon
Yes because catcalling from your truck as I walk by is such a turn on. Seriously, so hot.
I love blatant bias. Of course Chubak meant to knock the net off, but Regan didn't. # eye roll
I'm enjoying the weather just fine here in Montego Bay. How's it back home? # enjoy the snow
This game is off to a great start
A man buys flowers for a girl, opens the door for her carrys heavy items for her.....what a sexist bastard # misogynist i cat its worst
Hey is there a ski trip going on this weekend?
I really love when study guides are super helpful and prepare me for my tests.
Sure hope someone tell NYC officials that a snowstorm is coming. Would hate for them to be caught off guard.
Gotta love a bit of Topgear!!!
Oh no, the bike broke!  #Top Gear
So I'm sure Virginia will steal more number 1 votes from UK after killing Va Tech by 3.
2 to 3 feet of snow coming. Oh joy.
Watching Superman III and recalling what a great moment it was Superman saved Richard Pryor
"not THE Diafra Sakho?!?! From the mighty Metz in Ligue 2?! WHAT A SIGNING. #next Messi " HOW wrong was I? He scores when he wants!
# Drought doesn't prevent people in #Beverly Hills from having green yard. # selfish
My phone is about to die. Shocker right?
Gabriel Paulista.....oh wow, I can barely contain myself! # arsenal
Love it when the Starbucks girl is making conversation with the person in front of me so I have to wait to order!
Shoutout to the girls who take a "selfie Sunday" every Sunday.
Thank you, Ward Pianist, for choosing hymns that neither I nor the Congregation have ever heard before. It makes my job real easy.
I made something out of alpaca. It grew when I blocked it. A LOT. I just don't know how I could have been expected to predict that.
I'm so excited for the pro bowl!!
Boring weekends are the best kind of weekends
Underpublicized fact: Apparently, a Duke win today vs. St. John's gives Krzyzewski 1,000 victories for his career. Who knew?
An hour of Rabbie Burns? Oh, great. :-/ # country file
I think I'll stay up late and watch the Pro Bowl tonight.
GG will win 50 lac, minus taxes. But looks like he would end up paying a crore to his PRs. What a dumb!  #Gautam To Win Bigg Boss
Can't wait to hear what kind of stupid "buzz-word" term the national media comes up with for the east coast's impressing blizzard.
"if we’re in mutual I really need # c is swap , # try pop hob i a , # blue space , and # drugs (even if it’s only a mention) to be tagged."
Each time everything is getting better.
Did you know Coach K is going for his 1000th win today? I wonder if ESPN has mentioned it?
Haven't you heard? I'm the talk of the town. Everyone's talking about me!! It's like I'm popular or Something. # dislike hypocrites
I love it when musicians tell people not to use their songs because they don't agree with them politically. # Tolerance #Equal Rights
How dare the # Greeks vote # left # S y r i z a ? The traditional centrists have run the country so well for the past decades! # Greece # E u r o
Btw CM Punk totally comes back and win the rumble tonight. #You Heard It Here First . It could happen but highly doubt it.
Yup. Awesome. Just keeps getting better.
Still using charter internet, and still can't connect to my home Wi-Fi. it's ok though I just love using up my data!! # fix this now
Gotta love people who take the time to actively look to pick a fight online.
hotel room has been booked for my lovely upcoming vacation in Worcester, Massachusetts!! # nurse life # prep pin g for the blizzard
Bus driver thinks that when no more buggies can fit in their space, it's fine for one take up the walkway. # real fuck in g clever
My 21st will for sure be a memorable one # not the way i planned it
Wow, didn't know Amazon would stream their movies for FREE just 6 weeks after theatrical debut. Learn something new every day.
What a goal by Carles Gil, #AVFC are lucky to have one great manager #A V F Cv A F C B # w a n k e r s
There's some really brilliant people on the road today.
Who needs to go on a tropical vacation when you can just have a fever and be equally as warm and toasty # i hate being sick
Windscreen wiper shopping on a dark Sunday afternoon My life is all about the rock n roll
most cutting thing you can say is "who's this clown?" As it implies they're a) a clown & b) not even one of the better-known clowns
Let's talk about things that really matter. For instance, deflated footballs.
Good thing I have all my shit packed for school # i don t
HAPPY ALL STAR PRO BOWL SUNDAY EVERYONE
You know its gonna be a great day when you wake up with killer cramps at 6:30 on a Sunday morning
Waking up to smelly feet in your mouth>>>>>
so glad it's snowing and shit so I can do nothing at work  #No Money Sunday
Soooooo excited to go back to college
I have the Bermuda Triangle in my face, hows that for a fashion statement?
Bulls aren't out of this yet!
Our snowball week has two away boys games and two girls home games. Friday has a boys and girls game. How awesome is that?!
The Minister is at his finest tonight
I love coming home to a blizzard  #I Hate Snow
Having the air ducts cleaned bright & early on a Sunday morning is a fabulous way to wake up.  #N O Tamorningperson
Sunday ice fishing. Gotta go buy a spare part for the drill. Because who wants to use the auger by hand?
I just love vacation weekends, it's the most perfect time to wake up half past 3 and feel like yo wasted the day.
Being ignored by girls has been the biggest self esteem booster.
Oh look at that, Infinite Campus isn't working today. I'm shocked.  #Teacher Problems #Semester Grades
I just love sitting at home alone bored all day.
Upset that "the boy next door" isn't more historically accurate. I want the facts not just some movie telling a story  #Movie News
Hurry up and get to urgent care before the snow comes # joking # urgent care problems # r a d t e c h problems
Hooray! It sounds like # S n o w m aged don 2015 is on it's way to my house. #Summer Cant Come Soon Enough
Great to see Ozil playing in his natural LW position... # a f c
I love it when people order things one.by.one ... It helps keep us on our toes! # work
My biggest fear is my # dogs understand what I'm saying. What they don't get is the concept of .
Who would have guessed that Jonathan Gold is an overweight, white male food critic?
Hope there’s similar nostalgic retrospect on Suarez “racism” and bites in twenty years to this kung-fu Cantona love in.
I love spending my whole Saturday at wrestling so I can spend my whole Sunday doing homework.
I'm so glad Pete Wentz is using his celebrity status to share that he treats his bi-polar diagnosis by talking to his bandmates.
Not like I want e d to make it home for our scrimmage today or anything. # S t r and e d
"Since MPs Make laws they are allowed to break them" Aptly put by the representative of the people # N arc is it government
Q:Are terrorists human? (They lack aspects of human nature,dont show mercy or respect to life) A:Yes,animals would not do that.
I forgot out fun these long walks were to work at 8 am
You know what is going to be a great birthday present on Tuesday... 18 inches of snow.
I just love the fact that my body decided to wake me up this early due to coming down with a sinus infection.
I guess if it doesn't have likes no one cares
always the best way to spend my Sundays ? # school works # i c ram
#NJ once again bracing for another giant # snowstorm on Tuesday... Whoohoo can hardly wait!!
Such a successful mornings work 40 word written # shit
The Jesus used on the Pharisees is the GOAT # literally
Right, the # Egyptian police will investigate itself over the killing of Shaimaa. That'll be productive.
Wow #Aus Open commentators are possibly bigger cards than those crazy spectators
Happy ko, dyun here goes my family to ruin
I like coz beating the shit out of people is illegal. # G en u in e l y # Rude
Thank you messed up body clock, for the grand total of 3 hours sleep last night. Bravo!
Hahahahahahahahahahahaha on the Indian question, we always take the cake when it comes to brilliant journalism . Who was the journo?
How to put on jeans Step 1: put on leggings  XD
This semester keeps getting better and better!!!
Looking in the mirror like: "I wish I could be me."
Oh I Unfollowed you because you posted shit that has already been posted, wow! then you're a fucking genius.
Those people who obsess over 1D and Harry Styles will be so proud of themselves when they're 30 thinking of how they were! # sad
Stats for # K y r g i os 25 aces blah blah winners and at least a million FBombs # class y
They forgot to buy me medicines hooray
Health apps are *GREAT* for battery life aren't they?
We're having mid terms in 3 different pa-major subjects on tuesday. COLLEGE IS HAPPY ^_____^
Just hit 1000 tweets in 5 yrs tho, I tweet ALOT #1000th Tweet
Don't recall any gas chambers in Australia # b b c t b q but maybe it's me who is now splitting hairs
Oh yea I'm doing great but thanks for asking.
Thank you for being the main attraction of my news feed.
Cannot wait to start the endless revision today, honestly I can't contain my excitement #Quite Annoyed Really
So if yall want to come hang at my house. Chill with me or get the Fuck out. Thanks for sharing I got so wasted.
In the immortal and never before said words of Lil Wayne, "I'm me."
You fucking rock thanks so much
Thank you Kyle N  ,when you see this B/c of you I'm dropping the F bombs like its world war 2.
Nothing like waking up to a 3:45 AM alarm :-)))))))
Irony is, going to a chemist to buy medicines for diabetes, and getting eclairs instead of change. # Society
Ain't it grand, when you're given the day off, but are expected to work from home (and to do two extra days as 'volunteer' work)?
Three cheers for blowouts on the freeway at 11pm!!!
Lol! And you lot don't sound ignorant at all. # r a c i s m
Really glad that Larson is showing everybody sprint car guys suck on road courses. # suck it
My buddy's watching The Interview, says he wants to look away & can't. I then say, "So...it's doing its job as a movie?" # w hoops
Only 11 months till # Christmas # just saying # time flies # summer
Oh good - the in laws are playing the music video known as Frozen for the kids who are currently napping
What can I say.. My wife’s a clean freak. As I’m doing the dishes she asks, “Did you wash your hands?” # funny # jokes # irony
If your are sick and everything taste like nothing does that mean you can eat whatever you want? ;) # sick in bed # who cares
Oh yes, I really care what 75 strangers posted on a FB page about something that doesn't concern me # not
Justin Gabriel is a quieter i demand to know why #WWE
Is buying the farm agricultural suicide ? # funny # wit # humor
I hate writing jokes that I need to explain to myself. # funny # jokes # humor
Bernard Tomic knocked out, what a disappointment for Australian fans.... # tell ya story walking #Australian Open #Aus Open
Yay, I just love when my contacts stick to my eyes.
I love that my friends hate me. It makes gatherings 10x better than they could be.
Supercross is rigged didn't ya know?
Kingkong is the smallest animal I have seen
# H o o t e r s coming to Malaysia? Oh thats a brilliant idea!!
"Cut the head off a horse that's a headless horse." the complexity is crazy from Rae sremmurd
I love how my friends invite me places.
Thank you Ma for CLOSING the door and for TURNING ON the lights
Luved Every Part About Today. It Keeps Getting Better. Awesome. Today Waz Awesome.
I am chuckling thanks to all of the people claiming Paul Mccartney is a new artist. # w h o d at
Once again I got to see my two favorite people while I was home. # why me
Just finished watching A Walk Among The Tombstones. I can't imagine why it wasn't a huge hit. # wasted time
Man this Paul McCartney guy first Kanye now a track with Rihanna. He's blowing up. He's gonna be as big as the Beatles #Kanye West
You're s good one to talk. . Let me do my own thing. # back off
Like, omg you are like, totes so perf.
I LOVE SPENDING MY SUNDAY AFTERNOON AT NIE! # home away from home
She waitd with bated breath Her eyes fixd on his lips His deep voice bouncing off her ears It was all "blah blah blah" # m i crop o e try
Wow I did so much studying today
The trailer for "Almanac" has a 'memorable' line: "I'm everywhere, bitch!" That alone should make you wanna go see it. # trash y
What a lovely Saturday night at home
I'm grumpy. Going to do some sound editing. I'm sure that will help.
I love spending my Saturday night troubleshooting internet connectivity problem solutions
Oh great, the 'fanatics' are here  #Aus Open
A typical Saturday night consists of Twitter, Netflix, food and texting. Yay me
#Blonde Ambition Aus Open Q F I cannot type when I'm soooooo excited about the ESPN hype for that one
This year can't get any better # K i c k off 2015 #FML
I can't believe they got another offensive rebound
0-4 so far this weekend and there is a slight(cough cough) chance I can go 0-5. Overall i can say it's a pretty fuckin good weekend
My parents have decided to trade in my car to get them a new car for themselves. Life is going so well right now. #Love It
Absolutely love dealing with shitty people all day
Yeah you're such a good friend.
Great, fantastic, wonderful, excellent...usually words of proud exclamation, but not always
You know it's a good night out when your on pintrest at the bar
Hmm....the majority of famous Youtubers are sooo..... Smart.
Thank you so much for being here
My plans for Feb 1. Do my best to not give a shit life 2. Make fun of stupidity 3. Laugh at you wait... I'm already doing it
My plans for 2015 (It's never late) 1. Do what the fuck I want 2. Continue my awesomeness 3. Be even more sarcastic #2015
"Stop thinking about it" Wow thank you I am cured - you should write a book. Best advice ever lol # not really though # female pains
#Nobody Youve Heard Of is on repeat in my head #three E M P T Ychairs best band ever! # literally funny
Love the respect that I get all the time.... Especially when I'm sick.
I love how people associate misogyny with being pro-life. That makes so much sense I can't even take it.
wow Pierre McGuire sure asks riveting questions
Hard to believe that these are pros playing in the Hornets v Knicks. The offense is awful! Or maybe the defense is that good?
I love getting invited to things
Wow this weekend is great but it so much better that I'm sick
Who would have thought Bader vs Davis would be boring? # shocking # u f c #U F C Fight Night # u f c onfox #U F Con Fox14
Left: my sons game on the Mac..Straight: the NHL All-Star Skills Competition on tv..Right: social media on iPhone lol.. # W hip lash
"Now that you're dead what are youngonna do wih your life?" - what a prophetic statement #80s Live Tweet # He at hers
Oh please don't mind my feet. Go ahead, sit on them...
Well I'm having a great day today.
Another night infront of the tv. yayy life
"Hey what's up?" Is not an opener. It is the absence of an opener. Why not use "Hey, do YOU have anything interesting to say?"
I wish the announcers were a little more LSU biased.
Getzlaf is way better than his former teammate apparently. ANA wins the trade!
And sure! "Performance opportunity" and "exposure" are the EXACT same thing as monetary compensation!
Can't wait to compete tomorrow with broken fingers
Courier-Mail endorses Campbell Newman for a second term. Well well well, didn't see that coming! # a us p ol # q l d votes
What is better then stayin home by yourself on a Saturday night watching wheel of fortune!! Am I right?
That go pro view doesn't make me nauseous at all. What a great idea by the NHL having guys wear them # n h l all star # stupidity
All these white writers in QC & the ROC must be annoyed with all of us pesky black artists speaking up as THEY discuss # Black face . .
Toronto clearly won the Kessel deal.
KESSEL WINS!!! I GUESS THE LEAFS WON THE TRADE AFTER ALL
love how local news tells us personal stuff about the anchors
Wow Bradley coached team not looking good and getting blown out, there is a shocker, # did not see that comin # just a young team
Now for something new. I managed to stab my own hand and am now at the ER. #justwhatiwantedtodotonight # sigh
I made a Twitter article. Isn't that like the epitome of fame? #No Autographs Please  #For Those Who Dont Get It
Newport bus station after midnight at the weekends. One of the things I've missed about this island!
Good to see the wings represented at the all star game
have u ever met the human version of a # m i grain e ?
WORKED A 10 HOUR SHIFT TODAY YAY SO GREAT I WORK
Yeah thanks for letting me go out with some friends mom. #Best Mom
These homer refs are great.  #Go Dogs
Cuz, ya know, girlfriends are only useful as a measurement of status in a male hierarchy, and nothing else.
I'm soooo glad you guys decided to wear your fancy sweat pants and shiniest lulu lemons out to dinner. # put some pants on
*complains about having a cold* "oh my god you have ebola". Yeah because I forgot to mention I took a trip to Africa for Christmas.
Anichebe couldn't have looked happier at scoring that brace...  #F A Cup
I just love going places with my loving family :-)
Omg this show is gonna be great! Everyone, especially me, is super familiar with this show. Come see Greese! # pleased on t hurt me
How will WDW survive the loss of Erin Wallace? I will always be inspired by that letter she told us about at #EPCOT30 or something.
Sarah Palin/Donald Trump 2016. Let's bring reality back to the White House and class the joint up! # go p crazy #I A Freedom Summit
Waiting to board a flight to LA. Pretty difficult to tell who is from Chicago and who is from LA.
Those 3 were absolute crackers tho-Can't wait for another 3 2moro-Ta so much Twitter for going thru my tweets for me as I can't!
Getting a 15 minute break between shifts is my freakin' fav.
If an expert said it, it must be true # quote
I like how the weatherman said it was suppose to rain all day and there hasn't even been a dark cloud. # great forecast
So Sports Illustrated laid off all of their staff photographers. Because that makes complete sense.
My FB timeline is NOTHING but FGL and it makes me wanna go kill myself. #Not Really  #But Istill Hate Them
Good too see Robbie Fowler blowing his rental income on a decent barber.
That awkward moment when you're being sarcastic and someone believes you # too funny
"Wish I could find some ammo for my Ice Breaker" # destiny humor # destiny the game
So # proud to live in # o mah a . # murder central
Another friend, this time of 3 years, broke off with me without saying anything. This year is going to be amazing. # i wanna over dose
At least Tyler and Conor will be nice and fresh when they gets back to Orlando for some real quality coaching....
"You can do South West Ontario." my employer tells me. "Oh goody...can I get a sleigh with reindeer to make the drive easier too?"
I just love when I get all dressed up for nothing
Filming the "Talladega" video at Texas Motor speedway, slick way to cut production costs  #itsthethoughtthatcounts
I love it when I mispell on twitter.
You know what I love? When professors give little explanation on assignments. Totes my fave.
Heading to #Fort Erie for a bday dinner and just loving all the warning tweets... # slow down
Everyone's out and I'm watching greyhound racing on TV... #Saturday Night Fun #Hon The Hounds # Fun
Best place in the whole gym to workout: off the rack.  #Fuck You
I'm gonna drop the hottest mixtape of 2015 lmfao  #Good Eats
I'm at my Bro-in-Laws, he's making us all watch a dating game show Take me Out !! I'd rather watch RangersFC right now  #Ians Bored
This game couldn't be going worse for Iowa State. Maybe Mike Gesell will have a big second half for the Cyclones
Just performed my midterm dance to Kylee! She said I should've gotten 100%
Boy that # C use crowd is loud #Lets Go Canes
I like how "girls night" doesn't include me... Sweet. # awesome
I love having a car that doesn't run so I can't get anywhere I want
Well, Tandy sounds like he's making friends out on track! # R ol ex 24
Has Kelly Clarkson ever sang a song you don't want to sing on top of your lungs along to? # rhetoric al question
That dog from the insurance ad is dead? :( # Churchill
I love when my family doesn't support me...
It's so nice to have a # basketball court right outside my apartment room. yeah...
"Seriously, Elijah, your music sucks; it shouldn't even count as music." Gee thanks, Synthia, that makes me feel better.
I love the fact that I have to pee every 20 minutes.
They aren't even filming us here, just one specific group....ok that's cool  #N T Sroad2 I C C As
Can't wait to go to work. I just love it.
'I'm a model' yeah I bet you are
If a werewolf bites you, you become a werewolf. So if I bite someone, do they become pale and snarky?
The NFL wouldn't let Marshawn Lynch wear gold cleats but they are okay with the mocking of the homeless Bellichek does every week.
"my 3 moods fuck off fuck you fuck me"
What would this world be without girls taking 10 bathroom selfies a day #Praise The Lord
I love talking about the GYM or that FIT LIFE when I absolutely NEVER eat anything healthy and during sets I'm ALWAYS on my phone
Wow. The Delta wing with the gearbox problem? Never heard that one before. # R ol ex 24
Too bad the Warriors didn't pick up Kevin Love this offseason.  #Dub Nation
I trust Bill Belichick. It's not like he's told a lie before. # Sp y gate
Immediately following the conclusion of this press conference, Belichick will execute the ball boy.
Doing my workout in a parka because the only available elliptical was under the air vent # dedication
At least the PA announcer in Columbia isn't annoying..
Is there a press conference supposed to be happening? # Pat riots
What happened to " Invincible Chelsea's Quadruple trophies " All in cupboard ?
Love being screwed over its my favorite thing # fuck off
Here’s hoping Rick Barnes doesn’t make some sort of incredible halftime adjustment! # k u ball
You know, there's just not enough going on in # Phoenix right now. #Barrett Jackson # waste management open #Pro Bowl #Super Bowl
Is # def late gate going to turn out to be a marketing ploy for Gillette's # flex ball ? Like the Sony hack for The Interview? # cynical
Based on the Twitter feed, I'm going to assume we have awesome officials today. Lol  #VFL
Guys in all seriousness like let's sit back and applaud how reliable O2 is.... Never have I had problem with that network !!!  !!
# ambiguity # brevity and are my forte. What's yours?
So thankful for all the snow post otherwise I would've never knew it snowed, sense I have no windows and I'm locked in my house.
Anything you say will be used against you, 10 yrs from now, in an argument. Because I am a woman & we never forget. Ever. # female
This day is off to an all-around *fantastic* start...still waiting on Twitter to give us that  font.
Oh good. They didn't kill off my show's titular hero in the Winter Finale like the preview implied. I was so worried.
Nice game Iowa ... that Purdue team is sneaky good
Bolton the player must be the strongest person in english football - threw # hen der son down like a rag doll. #F A Cup
Complete with lovely ( ) threats. Wish I hadn't bothered with this 'individual electoral registration process' in the 1st place.
Lovely letter from the council 'dear applicant, we do not believe that you are you so please prove that you are you' # d a r t f o r d
Work from 5pm - 1 am today # Sick
Love being the only person scheduled all day in copy center
Gamecock fans are so classy.  #BBN
I love my economic lifelong servitude which is the EU. A bonus is the austerity. Double happy.
is when I start to play my invisible violin,right when you start talking that #Blah Blah Blah Blah
Did they beat us last year just wondering??
Just going to say what we are thinking, it's the Harrisons fault we lost the ESPN signal.
I refuse to clarify . If you aren't smart enough to fig it out. Don't read my page. Or hate me. Either way, no fucks.
Second day of being 23 has been awesome. Have a stomach bug. And grandmother had a heart attack.
Hi, depression, long time, no see
I just love how ppl just purposefully ignore me  what the hell is wrong with me that ppl just avoid me :(
Upset to hear the #Saudi King #King Abdullah died, he was a reformer who never executed people for witchcraft & offending # Islam .
Always nice to see the foreign culture experts who just got out of American Sniper opine at White Castle.
So I got 2 jobs now yay!
So happy nobody would take my shift tonight...
The key: telling youself that you are in chapter1 while the rest of them are in chapter 22.  the way of promoting happiness!
Memorial service today. Then filing my State tax return. Then cleaning my desk. A very uplifting day all around.
Daily rapes nobody cares, Uncounted murders, crimes nobody cares, Obama visits India & Rape city # Delhi 15K CCTV installed ! Wow
"A winning season is better than a losing season". Wisdom from the old ball coach. # deep
100% what i want to be doing: reading files at 9:30 am at the vancouver airport. # ya y
Emo girls are so hot. Mm invader zim book bag? Daaamn. Yo if she got a dog collar and a pikachu sweater she can have it.
In the Republican response to the #SOTU they mentioned the terror attacks on France and Australia but not Pakistan. I wonder why.
May ur life b as awesome as u pretend it is on Twitter !!
FA cup is rubbish anyway. The League Cup is where it's at! # t h f c
Frank Martin seems angry. And I thought he was a nice guy  #BBN
Smithville is so cute and small and you get to run into your ex boyfriends and it's just fantastic
Well done Bradford, good performance, surprised their not in the top flight.
oh wait you don't like my ? Well I don't like your # stupid ....
Look on the bright side, we kept a clean sheet in a very important game midweek # mcfc
Great job! "The world's greatest player" #Red Carded
Mandy Moore and Ryan Adams call it quits!? Didn't see that coming. # odd couple
Watching the emotion after a goal was scored in the Middlesbrough- Man City game. Yeah, baseball doesn't need this.
What can I say, sterling performance Blackpool managed to hold Watford to only 7 in the second half,Excellent
Shoutout to the coworker who didn't get back to me on taking half my shift today.. You da real MVP
I am so looking forward to hearing on COYS how Racing Metro's win was solely down to the brilliance of Jamie Roberts.
Ideye on? Blues must be scared now # w b a
Man C and Chelsea possibly both out of the FA cup. # a v f c # w em be r le y
Klay Thompsons huge 3Q(37pts on 13-13 shots)helped pretty up his stat line last night(he was only 3-12 in qtrs 1,2&4). #N B A Record
I love waking up on a weekend and realizing my car is halfway across town.
What a lovely day on #ESVA! # b r r r # i d rather have snow
4 times round Aldi's car park & back home. That was fun.
It's already bad enough that I've had a cough all this week and today, but now a stomach ache/ nausea... S&E is gonna be great
Time for breakfast. Then grocery shopping. Oh joy!!! -_-
Thank you Obama for insulting France and Israel
What an exciting trip to the ER. I have a cool blood disease now, yay
Scientist suggest that can get you blocked by # someone :v And # someone stands 4 opposite sex
Hope ..Obama visits the Ganga for a dip..So that India clean it too...
List of most expensive things on earth :- 4. Gold 3. Diamond 2. Platinum 1. Snacks in cinemas # Funny # l ol # E x p e n s i v e
At subway to grab some "healthy" food! I actually do love this food chain ;) # En g l and # rock life # live
What do people have to tweet to get recognised nowadays?
Cutting education is always wise... # n e r d l and
I will be spending pretty much all of Friday on a train, but hey, compromise #Cest La Vie # i love first great western
most of the time my # So g ham is replaced by my — feeling thankful to God
Upstate NY to CT: "What?! You got a whole 5 inches of snow?! Oh, my..."  #Banana Belt Of New England
I totally need to Facebook friend Apple Support. I've spent so much time talking to them the last 2 days they qualify as my new BFF
Wow, the # W a r r i o r s really should have traded Klay Thompson for Kevin Love
So I wasn't going to drink last night.... Needless to say...I drank last night... So my Saturday is starting off just great
Will # O b am a bow to the new Saudi king when they meet? Anyone want to bet on that one?
There's nothing I'd rather do than wake up at 7AM on a Saturday to drive to Milpitas to take a test
Sales meetings are so much fun let me tell you! Counting the mind until 3:00 PM # boredom # are we done yet
Compliment of the day:Audra have you started wearing more flattering sweatshirts or have you lost weight? My face: # o d d c o m p l i m e n t s
When you give me a compliment that allows either a sarcastic response or a simple TY-the choice is obvious .. # o d d c o m p l i m e n t s
Inspiring stuff here from Ronny Deila's Celtic
What's the difference between 'Aaah' and 'Oooh'? About three inches. # sex
Please stop to post pictures of the snow! I'm already jealous, because here is just sunshine!
Walking in snow in heels! Should be a fun day! # speech # H o f s t r a
Upon opening the new tax flow chart - "you know how I love a nice simple flow chart" # giggles
Shelly Silver enjoy the ride, couldn't have happened to a nicer guy !! # busted
This arm workout feels so good, I know you all care. I should probably start sending Snapchats. # gym # workout
With Out "ME " Its just AWESO
Eddie George thinks nfl players are using PED - shocking news,
So excited about taking my third SAT! # or n ah # j k
"F**k the skinny b*tches! F**k the skinny b*tches in the club!" -Nicki Minaj #My Favorite Song Lyrics
If a girl tells u that u r right, that's called .
Let's get drunk and make bad decisions! # sat u r day agenda # Saturday tweet # tonight # punk rock # concert
I like how the lady implied that i had absolutely no excuse to not devote myself as full time volunteer to the animal shelter
Love a dinner date with good company & conversation. Good job there's an abundance of offers
Welp.... here we go. SATs, four hours of testing, woohoo!  #I'mGonDie
I don't really hate you but if you were on fire someday and I had water, I'll prefer drinking it. # b lo of e # coming soon
Oh warrants and GCIC you are a friend to me. # dispatch e r p robs
I love being told when to go to bed and when to wake up every day.
On the bright side i am not addicted to cocaine.........i Just do weed in office :P  #Life Lol
6 am wake ups on Saturdays are so much fun yayyyy # i d rather be sleeping
Oh more sexual reference, yay. Brill. ( )
I love how free to air tv cuts off at the most opportune times of a movie
Every time this child asks a question his mum answers as if he's an idiot. He's about 5. 10/10 should procreate again
Family photo time, oh the joy!  Also, realising that I'm gradually looking more and more like your stereotypical IT guy...
Aaand, my mom is on her way back to the hospital again. Well, isn't this a lovely week I'm having.
Hearing that sub station that supplies work has blown up! Might be without power for a few days! # tragic
Yay for early morning UIL meets # woke up at 3 # never again
#Sudanese_elections: Mr (forever) president is competing with himself. Who shall I wish luck? Difficult choice! #failing_democracy
Yesterday was the best day of my life # k arm a
I'm still trying to find where on your instagram picture it says, "If you don't look like me you're a fat loser." :-P # s u p e r a b s
do people have to h'tag # tan bi r # n fad le k ran i # b r a s o m k o m adh7kou #pleaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaasepayattentiontome # attention freaks
The wife sounds like she's in a good mood, I think I'll stay in bed....
I would offer you my shovel, but I see you've hired a digger ...
Pretty Woman, Roy Orbison,1965 Uptown Girl, Billy Joel,1983 Love That Bitch, DMX,2009 # F e m i n i s m #Memorable Lyrics #Weve Come Along Way
If you find it hard to laugh at yourself, I would be happy to do it for you. # witty quotes
That's hilarious, tell me another joke.
History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all other alternatives. # witty quotes
I love that two cops followed me back to ICC tonight.
Glad to see your BP conversion is still GOAT-worthy, Nole...
Family or not, you dont get to hit someones head, oh im sorry 'lightly touch' # p m s i s a d i c k
Doing yoga the greatest way possible. Yoga then double cheeseburger after. Great!
Wake up to a pounding headache # awesome
.. and 2) my thoughts. conveniently as expected, this always happens when I get home, slip into my sweats, and bundle up in bed.
Great another guy I love who regrets everything he's done for me # the struggle #FML
Is there anything more soothing than flipping your pillow over to the cool side? You're totally right, I'm forgetting about Valium.
Well we got like 3 songs done and almost ready for release. # work # trap pin
I've got the worst cough, and every time I do it, it feels like the top of my skull is going to shoot off my head. It's fantastic.
I just gotta remember...beauty is pain man beauty is pain. # o w # I fuck in glove waxing
"Pro, Sir, feeling ko mrmi png klang" Yeah, vowels! "Po?" Bet you couldn't resist the  yourselves!
He is coming on modi's invitation. And not even visiting taj mahal. Obama is no secular.
And the fire is over. It has no more power yet you give it all power. Life's all about being happy tho right?
I just love being unfollowed. It's my favorite thing!
Lmao, Lil Wayne dropped bars on my name... I feel so honored.
Hahahaha You can do it... hint the  :p
I love that instead of flaking or cancelling like he usually does, my dad just straight up ignores my invites instead now. # fuck you
Love it when people talk crap when they don't know the full story
What's all the fuss about Klay Thompson?? Took him 13 shots to score 37 points. # in efficient # ball hog
God bless Klay Thompson, dropping 37 in a quarter on National Kobe Bryant Memorial day, in his honor.
Wonderful end to a Friday night and a beginning to my weekend!
laundry done. wow, what an awesome friday night
NBA history? Sure, Klay Thompson isn't an all star #N B A All Star N Y C # warriors #Splash Brothers # t o m fool e r y
Some people's idea of a conversation is just being an "Attitudebuster"  at its worst.
It's the media it must be true! How we will win future wars... # its about the money # C o n s u m e r i s m Don't. STOP Belivin'
Good choice in drinks there # cough machine . A spicy Clamato will make things better.
Looking forward to studying the whole day tomorrow # no
Wired seeing cops at my apartment complex! # timber creek # shocker
Guess i will # log off since obvs has no place here. Dueces.
Shout out to those who forget who they really are.
It's hard to tell if someone uses when they have a # S a r c a s t i c voice.
Don't you just love when people sit there and watch you park cuz I know I do
It takes my wife forty five minutes to tell me about a five minute phone call. Why? # joke # humor # wit
Wow I just love the people that live across the street that play incredibly loud music all the time.
Everyone is asking "what time is it?" Doesn't anyone wear a watch? Oh wait my bad, now I get it. LMAO
#Empire F O X has to be the most stereotypical racist BS I have seen in quite some time. Great job FOX!!!
It makes me feel really good about myself when literally all people care about are the people around me.
Don't all text at once now ..
Ya know your in a classy server when the chat says "Fuck your vagina face" as soon as you log in.
Absolutely love other people's total disregard for me being a parent! Yay!
PA kids really do know how to turn up on the weekends.
Quite a lot of society: "Women showing cleavage is disgusting". Me: Women have boobs?! Next you'll be telling me men have penises.
that's not creepy at all nah # Constantin e
Just told this kid at the alley "sick cloud, bro" and he said thanks....
Auditions for our next show on Monday, with new regional music, and lots of work to make up! # life goals
its my favorite thing when someone texts me randomly and doesn't wanna keep a conversations going, i just love it
Holy shit it's snowing everyone panic! Hurry!  #People Cannot Drive
I may seem quiet but i'm actually just figuring out your weakness to destroy u later in life.
Would you look at that, I knew it was too good to be true. Well such is life, I guess, just a nice addition to my "wonderful" week.
I have the best friends in the world yo. How else would they know I love smelling like an ashtray every time I come home?
I just love walking home in the winter with snow..
The Mavericks might win the Stanly Cup
perfect end to the perfect night. # over it
I love the way my mom drags me to places that are not home and makes me stay there for hours when I'm exhausted.
Judging from the #Steve Jobs movie,who knew that so many people involved including Jobs were British. #Hire American Actors # Hollywood
So0o0o0o excited to go to h ig h points accepted students day tomorrow, alone # popular # h 8 my life
Well done Reds. We went to Cambridge (halfway up division two) and got the job done.
Man, this family dinner is so nice.
And if my step-dad makes a comment on it: "I know right, it's almost as if I stood outside at night for ten to fifteen minutes."
I just love sitting the bench 99% of the time :(
I like how I text people and they just don't answer me...
People seriously crack me up! like why do some people have to be soooooo funny! Lol
My friendship with mike is just so special # h e s rude
There's a David Foster Wallace movie premiering at Sundance tonight. Because that's what he would have wanted.
What's more attractive than crazy chapped lips? # painful Someone trade lips with me.
OMG. Taylor Swift has a belly button. It must make front page news.
I see the Lakers are working hard for that 1st pick in the draft.
Thanks for telling me I'm a shit friend just bc I have a job, school and a decent bedtime to accommodate the two .... FORGIVE ME !
wow I get invited to so many things it's hard to choose
Because the Republican leadership's problem with "political correctness" is exhibiting too much of it.
Nothing's better than coming to Franklin every year and seeing fat guys crammed into tight ass jerseys
First off let's start with a special thanks to yahoo for telling me b2 minutes before the game that Whiteside was active.
Don't you just love when people have no idea who you are yet they are soo quick to judge you??
# p i e r r e m c g u ire is the coolest.....I mean he uses the players nic names when interviewing them. #N H L All Star Draft #Monster Of The Game
Jonny Gomes may be the only # Braves player they signed without Tommy John
Thanks for always being a woman of your word
I love how Nintendo markets things to everyone and makes enough for 1% of the demand #Majora'sMask3DS # Am i i b o
still haven't started studying for english it's not my worst subject or anything though..
Oooh two opposing forces working together. I did not see that coming at all. Am surprised.
The best thing about this #NHL fantasy draft so far is how excited everyone is to be there.
How is Phaneuf not in the NHL All Star game #MVP
I'm minding my business until I find a real nigga who gone cheat on me with a bad bitch that can keep her mouth shut
Unlike the Patriots, my balls aren't deflated, but they're smooth and freshly shaved. Oh wait was that TMI?
Trying to fix my uniform the night before competition great idea right? # no #Bad Idea # O mg #Im Doing This Wrong
This is the reason I created the circle of trust so we could discuss these things. # f o c k e r # guess not
Social media arguments aren't for everybody. For some people though? Why not?!! We don't always have to be mature.
The President on #Glo Zell is really great for his image  #So Inappropriate
I'm so good with my words
Feeling unwanted is the best feeling ever!
This is so much fun wow
I love missing league when I shouldn't have to.
Sooo excited for the FREE FGL concert on snapchat tonight!
"Im a heartless person..." Oh yeah?! Then why are you still alive, huh??!!!
Graham Coxon on BBC4 now. Current. Artist.
I love that my work email breaks at least once a week. It's so great.
isn't a feeling...it's a way of # life
I've read ten different posts about selfie sticks today...I've had one since June... # trend set t e r # h a t e r s gonna hate # it was a gift
So surprising these NFL "investigations" always end up finding exactly what's in the best interest of the NFL.
Why thank you, Financial Aid, for always making my life easier. # give me my money
Why wouldn't a human who calls himself "The King of Kings" help a kid named Lucian? It's only right. #Triple H
Sick my first weekend in college # A we some # f rust rating
Nothing like a Friday Night Class to finish off your work week. # education # work hard #NJIT # engineer in g # grad school problems
Prepared to deal with the most obnoxious drunk adults & stoned teenagers for the next 8 hours
Oh, jeez. Another old woman that thinks she's sexy...just what I was looking for! # you a in t sexy
Good thing the field wasn't muddy and my cleats aren't white!
God help me, give me that CANADIAN HOCKEY SPIRIT SO I CAN UNDERSTAND THE MAGIC. .
Do you ride horses? Sure. We just tie them up out back and my kids previously rode ponies. ;)
Awesome way to end my week..
Most luxury holiday ever... nicest roommates ever ...
Thank god it's Friday and I get to go to work Saturday and Sunday in the cold
One cashier on a Friday night at 5 o'clock? Genius.
I love it when I get the silent treatment it's absolutely fantastic! # not #Grow The Hell Up
I love how much people care about me
... To top it off since it didn't get done at work, I got the joy of bringing it home for the weekend! Lucky me!!!
Big pot hole + passing huge dump truck = busted rim... $150 later.... New tire. What a lovely cold & damp day it has been!
I fully expect Phil Jones to be on all set pieces from now on, pinpoint dosent cut it.
Life is unfolding so quickly lately. Who knows maybe later I'll get my prostate checked.
#F A Cup if only Utd had taken the gamr seriously and played their £300k per month striker # waste of money
Boarding this beautiful ferry with these oh so wonderful, classy Staten Islanders. #SI # ferry # save me
I can't wait for the Catfish episode, even though it's sort of sad. How do ppl not know? They must be new to the Internet  #Dr Phil
Anyone else addicted to #Trivia Crack ?! I think I'd shoot it in my veins if I could! # addicted # smart y pants #Fun Friday
wow, i'm really glad facebook's "unfollow" filters work the way they're supposed to.
Division rival Marlins sign Ichiro for half the cost of Gomes. Keep it up, John Hart. You're doing great. # Braves
ESPN is breaking down barriers by putting two attractive women on the radio. They should be proud. # typical liberal media
Hahahaahaahahha, I do love coming down from a hypomanic episode!
I love it when the Trivia Crack wheel lands right in the middle of Art!
Solid result replay next hoping to get the result we want
Very nice of us deciding to help Cambridge out financially by taking it to a reply!!! # m u f c
Ichiro Suzuki signing with the Marlins is the topic I have been really hoping the guys hit today
Let's be fair, MK Dons & Cambridge United are top clubs! #MUFC  #HAHA
Cambridge are hard to break down in fairness
I really hope we don't miss out on Ameobi
Taxing college savings plans? Just another brilliant plan from Obama. # L o g i c
Shout out to all dancers/dance teachers who can only choreograph in unison # skill # what is a motif ?
Great financial move by us here if we can get a draw away to the mighty #CambridgeUnited,imagine the revenue from a replay
Great conversation about to go down right now... # mentor talks # don t try to change my mind # i love you though
Nothing like a 9 pt move on the Pro Bowl to spark discussion. Maybe the NFL would like to launch a point shaving investigation now
Love it when the Sheriff rejects a document claiming the deadline was before the levy was mailed.
There really isn't a boring day in my life. # my life # what a wonderful world
Apparently saying "I'm # s arc as tt or , the lord of ," isn't the appropriate response to being told I'm being too sarcastic
SUPER EXCITED FOR WORK TODAY. #NOTREALLY
I love how I have an amazing gf who can clean my room before she leaves
Oliver's alive, what a surprise # l ol # Arrow
You know you're mature when you slam doors for no reason.
Cuomo is A Crook- Gee, Who Knew? # t c o t # red nation rising # new y or k # c c o t
You know you're mature when you can cook your own food. From frozen
I think I'm gonna go run off the edge of the hill.
Nice to see people making effort..
Is Phil jones taking corners for #MUFC don't think the commentators have mentioned
Thank you dreams for making me relive being in a relationship with the love of my life, awesome.
Busy Friday. 2 tasks at work! Phew... # longest day ever
People are consistently shocked that v egg i e food tastes good. Veg tastes good. Who knew? # v egg i e #Surprised Face #Shocking Facts
My dad is a smart man.
'Ha too many sidechicks on the go'
Good to see #MUFC playing such good attacking and attractive football again #brutal A G A I N # disgrace
It looks like I'll be driving home in a mixture of rain, snow, and rush hour traffic. This should be fun. # f b
Let's get t-shirts with all the bar destinations we are going tonight for the party so people know that we drink and party
I hate when your singing and the singer messes up the lyrics...its sad honestly... # messing up # lyrics gone wrong
Who has two thumbs and had his wallet stolen?? This guy. I love people *cough*  *cough*
And they carried over 120 thousand people on their coaches last year! I can't take this! Unbelievable effort guys!
Love watching a poor united performance with keown commentating. The glee in his voice takes me back to that penalty. Pure joy
So does Keown like Man United or not? He's being far too neutral to tell
If only it were more predictable I could see what was coming # ground hog day
whooow #GGMU  , I just dnt kno anymor . Well atleast we av 4 at the back
Gonna sleep for 15 mins then study 10 chapters wooooh. What a good way to start the weekend # last ex am
Friday, 21:13 h and in bed. Great!
Thanks for breaking me out hormones. I totally don't know that my period is coming soon. # guess its cool # not pregnant
I finally figured it out: suppressing  can lead to anxiety issue. So, don't suppress. Express!
Nothing like feeling like I'm not important.
Sure, after Costumes,Wigs,Makeup,Cons,Hostels,MyCar,MYReallife, i am sure i can find 250€ for a single shooting
Hook's gonna fight for Emma?! Well it's only fair since she fought for him so much in 4A right?!
It's lovely to know that the insurance company has more medical knowledge than my doctor.
Gotta love those people who only hit me up when they need something.  keep it moving.
Did you know that Dion Dublin used to play for # c u f c ? Must have missed that one. # b b c
Sky Mall files for bankruptcy. I don't know why, they had so many necessities at reasonable prices.
Can't we find a way to tie Ray Rice to inflategate?
I won I won # delusion al # rush # e x p e r i m e n t s
Man I can't wait till work  but it's all cool because at least we have a truck tonight yay!!!!
Having fun on this doctor filled day!
5.5 miles done in great weather conditions
I'm here to make a confession. I deflated those balls. Now let's move on to something else.
Good to see that LVG has learned from the last games and gone back to 3-5-2!!?? # B a f fled #MUFC #Mad Professor
Trying to find a book on how to waste time more effectively. # humor # wit # irony
This flat tire came so clutch
Trafcon is taking down signs. Looks like after 7 yrs ( ) of construction Old Cheney will be open today!
praise the lord for Monday anatomy exams!!!
Why! Why? Would ITV sack the lovely Adrian Chiles?............Oh
Two days with a brand new Twitter andddddd my followers are all s p am accounts, yay. # s p am # goddammit
Yes, # auto correct . When I said medieval I actually meant medical. Thanks.
RT if you're super excited for the Pro Bowl this weekend
There's no greater feeling than getting $1300 in refunds taken right out of your hands.
This morning I spilled coffee all over me, and right now I pulled a string on my pants and they ripped, it's been a perfect day.
Erie is number 1 snowiest city in the US! Great accomplishment!
Thanks mother in law now that you are meeting us while we are on our vacation i have so much more to look forward to .. # go away
Thats gonna go well. jennifer finding jj with eve? # days lol
I'm so glad I went to grad school. It's made my Instagram game so much better
Time to clean the bathroom. I'm so excited!
House cleaning you know Friday fun.
#People Be Like Are you calling me stupid.? ... I just congratulated you on not being able to tell time, im calling smart -____-
Ok I am going to be the first to announce it... Due to the impending storm, school is cancelled tomorrow...
1-10 today, 1-10 tomorrow and 9-6 Sunday, carnage weekend planned....
Every time I read an "inspirational" post on FB I think of a funny sarcastic remark that could be written after it. #Not Sentimental
Always happy to hear that my first payment to #Fedloan Servicing was never received.
Emergency landing in kamsas city.... great # Fuck
My parents are going to be so hyped on my mark
today I'll be flying my trousers at half mast in honour of a true democrat & humble man of peace #King Abdullah
and # S u b t let y often lost on RWNJs due to lack of # So phis t i cat ion . I love alliteration.
Glad the Leafs overpaid Clarkson by about $4M so they can't afford to re-sign Cody Franson.
1st person to create an app that repeats "Teeth brushed? Backpack ready? Are you DRESSED??" will make $$$$. # parent
The bottom must be in on crude  $oil
Not one of these international lotteries or inheritances have come through for me. I'm stunned.
There's nothing I love more than being ganged up on by my entire family
Getting sicker and sicker everyday! Woo it's fun getting sick
I hate when I botch the spelling in tweets. It's not like the internet really cares though. #Of Course They Do
A 3 hour finance class is the best way to start your Fridays!!! # help
I also unlocked my tweets again, so you can all RETWEET MY BRILLIANCE
Yes, I want to start my day off with women shoving their religious views down my throat while I try to leave for work. I love that
Remember when our standard for anything "best" was something self-deprecating? Oh yes, good times.
We're playing "modern artist or 5 year old?" In humanities 303 today. # woo h o o
Aaand coffee time is done. Thanks for your orders!! (0 orders completed)
No, really, I like how you've made your example SPI driver so weirdly complicated no one in their right mind would use it.
Don't you love when you're hungry and realize you forgot your Wallet? Greaaat.
CNN keeps covering #Deflate Gate. I'm glad there are no actual problems in the world to talk about.
Dude, this day just keeps getting better.
There's totally tons of time in that process to stop and think... "hmmm, this ball might be a bit on the flat side, strange..."
oh so the defense witness neuropsychologist had a cocaine problem..has been clean 2 years. perfect # v and y trial
Purina factory is smelling rather great today # gross
About to have all four wisdom teeth pulled. Pretty excited about that.
I'm a hoe because I fuck everyone.  just stepped up..
Xbox games on W i n d o w s 10? You mean, people actually play games on their computer? # W i n d o w s 10
Love it when my computer begins an update in the middle of writing something I haven't saved.
But hey, now I have time to go home and change into my singers polo! # very annoyed
Tis the season for grad party notifications. # ya y # too much
Uuuu someone indirect. Thanks bro. # read thatt wit
I never argue, I just explain why I'm right. # re la table
If I had a dollar for every Twitter follower I had I would have $20. # l ma o # humor # how do you use this thing
confrontation with my mother tonight. can't wait.....
the wifi in college is being so gr8 right now luving life
Oh man do i ever look lovely on exam days
Oh goodness... You're just an RF genius aren't you...
Yeah, lets help # Japan give #ISIS $200 miLLion to cause more terrorist acts and destruction! #areyou Kidding
Lol everybody needs High Jean , xDD
Hooray, my remote desktop won't connect # fail # guess i just cant work
Yay, I can spend another week in bed. Now with antibiotics # sick people problems
And there is, colon opening-parenthesis & colon forward-slash...
The sun is not shining. The sound of neighbours banging about and roadworks outside my window. Freezing my tits off. #BLISS # f ml
So glad I got a 100 on my cross training exam, forsure thought I was going to fail..
because beating the sh*t out of people is illegal
# m b t a annoy I love when people eat their meals on the train
what should i get for myself this valentines?
I love bus drivers who mumble then get pissed because you didn't hear them. Gotta love the Pittsburgh bus system.
Man, shoveling all that snow on the driveway this morning was a real pain!
met and greeted the doctors tonight :D it was sooooo fun
Is there any college from where I can get the degree in  ..lol
I think is better then # Engineer in g
What's there to deny? They knew, you knew... perfect! Could my life be any better?
Toddlers are SOOOO much fun # tired # what was i thinking
I remember when lynchings where a big cultural event for America. As accepted as the #Super Bowl # spread love not ignorance # Americans
So Adrian Chiles has been sacked by ITV, that's really sad, I am so upset
Business Law + sickness = hapiness # bad trip :(
Time to learn the Middle East... Oh my gosh, this is gonna be a great time!!
Whoot! Finally i lost my bag of what fun! Yes i lost my school bag # U kidding me # nice judgement
I love getting up at 5am...hands down, best time to start the day # coffee # longest week ever
So excited to get new brakes on the Truck
Oh the joy of government form filling!  #shouldbeoutsideinthesun
I love that I'm working 11 hours at job 1 today and then 5 at job 2 # happy f rid a y
Well done for picking up some curry super noodles dad
Thank you anti-vaccination parents! If it wasn't for you there would not be 70 cases of measles at Disneyland!
Oh my goodness, it's going to snow tomorrow. In New England. In winter. Imagine that. That NEVER happens.
Wade gets 2 more LOB to his name. Congrats!
Being #2 in line is always cool.
Limiting caffeine today. Yeah.. Friday is going to rock!
Best feeling in the world is when you realize you were always 100% replaceable to someone who claimed to be your friend. # bitch
Wow, I just love the fact I have to give yet another speech today for Wagar. So excited.
Thanks for all your help with the dance music, Twitter  I'm now listening to Goose. Quite good. :) (no thanks to you)
the more sleep I get, the more tired I wake up. Makes sense...
All that urgency from anti # h s 2 to tweet their MPs to attend this mornings debate. It obviously worked.
I'm amazed at how backwards Saudi Arabia is... I mean... Who has a monarchy nowadays?  #King Abdullah
have you ever looked at somebody and said to yourself, "that's the sperm that won?"
May buy that #National Geographic # precious rocks thing and take the gold to #Cash4 Gold.... ...
Yay for 6 am practices the day after a game! # exhausted # i need sleep
Ahh yes. My favourite headaches come with a good dose of nausea. Awesome. # o w # why
Not impressed about Marty Frk getting reassigned to ECHL... Grand Rapids, wtf are you doing?! # should n t have done it # b r a v o b r a v o b r a v o
I hope they will read my tweet and get impressed.
Please continue to make excuses about your situation with her. It's not like it bothers me or anything
Today's mood forecast: Asshole with a strong chance of and # sadism .
If work was nearly as fun as yesterday I'd offer to work the weekend # it was truly horrible # today is tough enough
It's -3* outside & I have to walk to the # gym ... Hooraaaaaaaay. (with ) from # London to #LA
Maxwell gave away his Wicket with a piss poor shot??? Geez you never see him do that..... #Rolls Eyes  #A U Sv E N G
Favourite out of office of the year so far: "I am currently out of the office, living the dream at Centre Parcs.”
I love how easy it is to cut and paste from a table in a PDF into a spreadsheet.
Oh, yeah. Oil is really surging on this announcement. Surging downward!!
I'm glad people feel the need to upload a selfie everyday because I had totally forgot what they looked like in that timespan
I can't blink, oh wait I can # really # k r is tin a k re i der
Cost allocation in AWS cloud is so much fun :)
I love being here.... # Joking #This Place Sucks
Only have time to snack when I'm waiting for a rez timer. I'm being rewarded with treats for dying. Blizz balancing at its finest.
i applaud you for editing your face in every picture of yourself
Powerful showing by the A&M Aggies. They're CLEARLY ready for the SEC conference. #College Game Day ?
Best part of # insomnia is the
Can't pass out to Netflix. Get with the times, Nana and Papa.
Because being awake at 12:30 am is exactly what I want to do
Can't wait for Intro to Catholicism tomorrow at 8:30. # yes i can
My phone is my new chick. I push her buttons all day and I get no response back!
Interviewer: If you had to let 1 of them # angel or the Devil win within u. Who would that b Me: Neither, it's always I:
I have a broken foot and a cold. This has been a pleasant week.
The walk home was fun. The cop that busted the party was also fun.
Just did a spot in a gay nightclub-the most surprising thing they look like normal people, like I'd never know they were gay
Oh I still had 36 characters left. I meant to add " " to that last tweet but really, I am very excited to be going back to NI!
I have a lot of Cuonzo fans retweeting me tonight. Haha. # V o l s #Cal Bears
Working out not only helps me sleep but I get to do laundry more often !
That last tweet was , I hope it's clear. Time for bed... Zzzzzzz
It's so fun to argue with a person who I have blocked.
They gave themselves the perfect solution to ending Delena and they didn't take it. #TVD #ilovewatchingsuchunhealthyrelationships
In # K a s h m i r for Republic Day wknd... What better place to catch the Republic in action.
In a battle of wits some people go into the fight unarmed.
Glad I got to talk to you at least a little today...
Lol love it when I text someone a simple question and they don't respond at all... # its not that difficult
Late night swim with two dogs. Living the life!
And I won the lottery with you
Oh the joys of being an English Major is I get to cozy up with a great novel...well maybe 20 great novels  ...maybe a little
LMAO..... "Magic Camp... How may I help you?" #TVD # K a i napped
4 finals and a presentation. That's gotta be a great day.
Gosh these last few days just can't get better....
Some people are awesome when they keep their mouth shut. # crazy # fact # fun
Can't wait for all of the "IU basketball is so great" tweets and articles tomorrow.
I'm glad people find out all the details before they judge.
I am experiencing the wonders* that is the health care exchange.
If you want to have a great time and not be bored what so ever I recommend going to a council meeting they are the best!
To the lady at the grocery store: Thank you for pushing me to the floor making me land on my bad knee. I forgot what true pain is.
Such a great way to end my night
Nice execution out of the timeout by #C U Buffs..
After exams I'm getting my wisdom teeth pulled out # ya y
Re that last rt: Because we really care. .
All you know how to do is judge people that do thing you can't, what an interesting talent!
I LOVE PACKING FOR SUNDANCE. THERE IS MUCH ROOM IN MY SUITCASE!
Oh look--another bang-up job by the Pac-12 officiating crew  #A Zvs S T A N #Bear Down
I love how I can't have anything! I mean I just love when people take my stuff and use it with out asking me. Doesn't everyone?
This convo is obviously taking some effort.
Are you a # satirical # o p t i mist like me? # e n t h u s i a s t i c always wins for me In this cozy world we don't live in :: just passing thru
A #Pier Six Brawl Right Before The #Royal Rumble?! Boy, We've Never Seen That Before…  #Smack Down
Wanna know what I love? When I cheer and then everyone mocks us.
Great alley-oop, Madden!  #He Has No Clue #WPS #Go Hogs
Love working 9 hours, going to school for 3 hours then coming home to have swollen and sore feet... # not
The day I became a v e g an is also the day I decided to declare war with plumbing. # v e g an # comedy
Fire alarms. Not a hindrance to writing at all
Tonight is just filled with good choices # not
I don't know about your downstairs neighbor, but mine is playing guitar and singing Bob Marley's entire oeuvre. Woohoo.
this week was just SO GREAT. # f k
I love water.. Its so good!
8 hour car ride with a 5 and 2 year old are just the best!
What a GREAT way to end a GREAT day.
I just love when I'm in the middle of writing a post and Safari just randomly quits and I lose everything.
Someone come punch me in the face Because that will put the fucking cherry on top of this PERFECT day
Nazr set to check in for the # B u l l s . In the 1Q. Well, Thibs DID say in Cleveland he'd be looking at making changes.
It's always nice losing a envelope with a good amount of cash
I'm sooo glad people in the public know how to do my job better than me! It's very helpful when I'm working............
Hooray. My phone screen shattered.  #First Time For Everything
Warriors David supinski seeps the sprint freestyles. Wins 100 in 51:37. 3 second win in a sprint. That's ok I guess. .
We've been dating for one hour and im so head over heals in love oh my god  but my boys the shit you're jealous
I really enjoy spending a lot of money for my college textbooks. # college
Found 10 years of conversation... 10 years later, we still interact exactly the same # Hi la r ity #Jerk Face #i Like Him A Lil
WHAT?! The Patriots are being accused of cheating?!? I am SHOCKED!!! # not shocked
Nah body clock it's alright not like I need to be up at 6 or anything, you just crack on mate  #Id Like To Sleep
Oh panic attacks how I love thee
Sick comebacks bro! I'm so hurt. Ow.
Getting up early to work a fashion show, damn my profession sucks
That didnt make you look stupid
I enjoy snapchat stories that are 6 min long
The best way to get my attention is to like 15 of my profile pictures on Facebook
As usual.... Overwhelmed by the support of my family
Shannon Scott should keep shooting pull-up jumpers
//It's nice to come back to see two of my friends fighting... .
This headset is messing up my awesome hair
# k 201 help lab is obviously crazy tonight, because students love to get a head start on projects while # i u b b is playing
I'm truly disappointed in Bill Belichik (spell check please), I thought he was better than this. #Deflate Gate
Oh hi Depression, forgot you like to linger. Well please, come when im at work and make me feel cruddy... # f ml
I guess I'm officially cool now that I have a Facebook stalker # not interested
Thank you ha. Thank you talaga.
: #BBC tweet re King #Abdullah's death is the best I've seen so far. #Abdullah Abdulaziz
This year keeps getting better and better
Another depressing evening :/ and that's going to get soooo much better in the morning
Just when we thought the Middle East was settling down ...
I love fighting with my BF.
# p t everyone now in # Ma u r it ani a is wondering whether the president will go to # Saudi King's funeral. ;)
w0W! Sooo0oOO0Ooo0O glad that tix for SXSW are ONLY 800$$$ (not like my faves are coming) (  )
Oh my god there's nothing to do I'm shocked!
Alright folks I'm back and with crazy news of surgery....yay?
Jorge Mendes represents Cristiano Ronaldo, Radamel Falcao, and David de Gea. Think that nigga's poor!?
Awww poor Jeff Gordon .. he has so much left to do and not enough money to do it.. # respect which belive it or I do # h a t e s p e c t
The guy next to me his lock screen is pot leaves... So he's like the coolest dude ever and not a complete douchebag...
A bad landing can't derail me from dancing. But it can hurt like shit loads though # p e r f o r m a n c e # P e r f o r m a n c e p e r k s
Holy caffeine-induced anxiety, Batman! Thankfully practicing the Firebird Variation always calms me down.
Guys this apartment is so nice I can't handle it. # everything is not awesome
How hip of our president to take a selfie. So cool!
Thanks work. Totally was prepared to work alone today. It's only my second day so I should be able to handle it # so dumb # slow day t h o
If your having a hard time choosing things, just say Yolo # y ol o
so done w/ school rn 156 questions & i have to rope , glad i have nothing to do
I don't think ANYONE saw coming Bethany asking to take a selfie with Obama!! GASPP!!! hahahah!:D # team inter net
Sure, Europe it's your turn to hit the printing press and pump into bonds. Free money for all!
may be the # language of the asshole, but it is only in response to # stupidity
Why don't we just ban all images of women in newspapers and get everyone wearing burkas! # b b c q t
Too many people in this house are seeing too many Doctors. #Thanks Obama
It's impossible for MSU to beat Ohio St next season.
Relearning what a whole note is..... Something I knew in 1st grade. Haha this is going to be a hard class. # Easy
Patriots say they were unaware of any wrong doing....... Who would have seen that one coming?! # du h
I am the worst person for replying to messages. If you need me I will reply within roughly four days # unreliable
Thanks phone, for reminding me my former best friend's birthday is tomorrow. Really appreciate it.
# e d show This #Deflate Gate is really earth-shattering important news.
Hey cheaters #Tom Brady and #Bill Belichick everyone really believes you!  your a bunch of dopes.
YOU GUESSED IT MEN! THE WAY TO SWOON WOMEN IS SURPRISE DICK PICS! THE MYSTERY HAS BEEN SOLVED # why would you guys do this
Oh great, a # m i grain e , just want I wanted this evening
sure let's put down someone else so we can feel great about ourselves.
Got a phone alert Super Bowl is Feb 1 Then when's the how to inflate a ball seminar?  can we please talk football
I guess seeing my wife for a total of 15 minutes a day is enough no?
Using hand sanitizer with unknown paper cuts. Best.Experience.Ever.
At least the game isn't this weekend so we have another FULL WEEK to talk about this!
Got up and did the dishes and feel like I was hit by a bus... Yeah going to work tomorrow is going to be AWESOME
I love constantly being made out to be the villain
Pittsburgh traffic neeeeever gets old. # g ah h h
// The balls are also the only reason why the Patriots have been great the last 14 years, cheaters this entire century I tell you!
I love when people buy something just because someone else has it
I'm so glad we are being mature about the situation.
Oh good grief someone actually asked if Adam was gay, no he's as straight as can be !!!
I love college! Man I'm just so excited to go to class today. Parking isn't bad. Class is relevant and intriguing!
People begging on Facebook. Way to be classy
If only the balls were properly inflated the Pats wouldn't have whooped the Colts by 30 plus.... #No Sir
1 million college students are sugar babies?! I obviously was doing the wrong thing when I was there.  #Dr Phil
I'm shocked that McCants sister is suing UNC. . Didn't work for your brother either. # beat it
Thinking I should delete #THEBKBLUES off my #REVERBNATION so other songs have a chance to be most popular...  JUST JOKING GUYS!
My take away on #Deflate Gate after listening to Brady: Maybe the balls weren't light. Maybe the scale was broke. # c heaters
I bet he would rather eat his own balls then attend this press conference. Poor Tom Brady.
I'm glad Tom Brady came dressed to impress for his press conference. Nice beanie. #Deflate Gate # s w eats
I'm sure Tom Brady didn't realize the balls were under inflated. # hot takes
" # flex ball " displayed behind tom Brady's press conference. Ironic? I think not! what's wrong with the media these days...
The only thing we can surmise is the ball boy acted as the lone gunman.  #Deflate Gate
Belichick and Brady both say they know nothing... I'm shocked!
You guys are all welcome...he committed because I tweeted him over and over telling to be a Hog
Wow, I am so glad that nothing else is going on in the entire world cause it would get no overage! #Deflate Gate
Aren't prelims just a bundle of joy? # No # P r e l i m s # Y a y
Man I just love when my internet is slow like shit *o*
Just waiting for my doctor appointment how excited am i yay.
New E4 drama, young 20 somethings, drugs, homosexuality, relationship problems, never seen that premise before ! # S k i n s # B an an a
That smell....is what it smells like when hyperinflation is steaming off the printing press.
Love my stats class. I can clearly understand everything my professor says
Thanks for that twitter app. My english is so bad I can't read peoples tweets
The audio issues on this Gordon call caused by a #Throwback Thursday phone line from Gordon’s first Cup race in 1992. # n as car
Aw shame, just missed Birds of a Feather
If I did 8000 giveaways a day for #HUT would I get bare # followers ? #NHL #HUT
Curate. My nomination for overused # buzz word of 2014. Picked out those images all by yourself? Had no idea you were an expert.
When you and your ub have the same taste in music
Rep. Baria: "Just to be clear," will this bill stop the "dirty rotten scoundrels" in D.C. from imposing on our educational system?
Advisor: Mr. President, # Ye men is in deep trouble Obama: Right, but what do you want now?
It's lovely when people make you feel completely inadequate
I love the 3:20 bus ...
SHOUTS OUT TO PAT MCCRORY FOR GETTING 3 MAJOR FILMS AND 2 TV SERIES TO LEAVE WILMINGTON DUE TO LACK OF FILM INCENTIVES
Life is fucking great as per
Any mention of locking up animals in a seperate room and keeping the babies supervised elsewhere too? # sky p e # n w s think social
I'm on call...I just loveeeeee being on call
Why isn't anyone talking about the deflated ball scandal? #Deflate Gate
I love it when random water drips start hitting your tech table mid show  #A V Life
YAAAYYY! LETS BLAME THE #IMMIGRANTS! #Benefits Cant Work Wont Work.... .
It wasn't awkward at all # my life
This MS I'm reviewing didn't cite me....they are getting a grilling # post doc
Let's just check the psi of the balls after ever scoring play and overturn touchdowns if there was not enough air in them.  #Go Pats
Stuck behind a school bus and I'm late for class # winning
I love watching 30 secs video after 1.5 mintues of advertisements... FUN!
My bio on my instagram is on point.
No I'm not smiling what are you talking about  #imsmilingthanksallyoucuties
So much snow in Easton so far this winter. # bring it on # maybe ill go skiing
Dear woman who sneezed on me yesterday, Thanks for the cold # dying # infected
Thankful for country music singers who ride in on white horses to valiantly defend the honor of the u.s. military
This leave from work is just thrilling.
Good morning to you too sunshine! Happy to see a smiling face!! :D  #Grow Up You Baby #So Imature
You're welcome princess! Just returning the favor!! :D  #Grow Up You Baby #So Imature
Dear society , I hate your stinking guts. You make me vomit. You're scum between my toes! Ashley # what al f al fare ally meant
#Deflate Gate Why men act overly superior at time.
Went into the woods yesterday and have poison ivy today, great!
We won't even mention the once beautiful - now decimated architecture. # Syria
There is nothing more pleasant than listening to a lady snort up her snot while making weird ass noises as I eat my lunch.
I love when my boss calls me in on my day off
Don't you just love being ignored?
I don't need you to know me
So if you look outside, do you think we can practice on the field?  In the commons today!!!
I'm glad you asked me if it was okey.
*pet peeve* ...... when people respond with " Oh OK" ....
Trivia Crack just asked me where I can find the city of Omaha. Thank God I got it right.  #I Live Here
Anyone else excited about the impending Spruce Grove-St. Albert byelection? # am i rite # ab vote
Nick and Sage... Yeah, because NO ONE saw that coming... #YR
Walking to class in slanting rain plus cold weather is totally my favorite thing to do.
RT Gowtyydepp: AashishKhetan DrKumarVishwas GUD JOB on destroying evrythng the Anti Corruption Movement stood fr.!!  #Bedi Fan In A A P...
Oh wow would not of seen that coming ever # f ml
Just love how late the rain makes people!
If you're going to call someone stupid. Make sure you use the right your* its a good thing you play D1 ball Ahahahaha!
New York has the funniest jokes about New England
The weather is so pretty here in Corpus today.
Good luck # O d e g a a r d for fucking up your promising career. # N ah #Couldnt Care Less #NoMoreOfThis O d e g a a r d BullShit
It's almost mid-day and I already have the dishes done! Wow, WAY TO GO! #False Enthusiasm  #Dont Believe A Word #Get Up And D O Something!
Can't wait to watch the Chiefs play at 8:30 in the morning in London next season!
Being ill and stuck in bed all day is just such a great way to spend a Thursday
Is it wrong to want to hurt a person so much that you secretly daydream about it? Can you tell it's been a bad day?
Nothing shows su p p ort for America like inviting foreign leaders to DC to criticize American foreign p olicy. # t c o t # p 2
Reason to go against # O b am a care : you're gonna end up with a lot of old people! Who would want that?! #Convey U X
The NE Patriots have a professional leader...just look how he dresses for their games. He wouldn't cheat... #Deflate-Gate #Spy-Gate
Best news ever: # m t a votes to hike metro cards. # t h i s s u c k s Getitng a bike in #2015 # no b u e no
China censoring television? Since when? # obvious # du h
"You can tell he loves food. Just look at him!" My mom's encouragement is clearly on point.
Breaking: Drag h i adds more carbs into his diet in an effort to weigh down the euro further # e c b # Drag h i
This morning really could have not started off better....
Mmm...coffee grounds in my tea....yummy >.<  #Barista Problems
Oh, so today is just gonna be one of those days when I'm enraged all day? Ok awesome.  #No Its N O T O K D A M N I T
So overall today has been a win/win.
I can't wait to be bald... # post pregnancy problems
Day 4 of training :) nothing is better that waking up at 6:45 every morning this week. # bad ass # i need sleep
hypocritical people seriously make my day
Who doesn't love surprise open to close shifts? I'm excited.
I love getting all dolled up and not going anywhere..
To be honest , I just want to be popular and I do whatever thing they told me to do.
A four year old called me ugly. Wow, kid. That one hurts. # things kids say
Great call NMSU canceling class after the first class is in session.
Taking about bird migrations Girl: how did seagulls get here? Guy: pretty sure they flew...  on point
Time for history class! I'm so excited!
# noon i e tunes personaltask force aka PunjabPolice have resorted to assaulting visualy impaired, women n children in absence of crime
I shouldn't be so critical though, I live in the world's best country
Wow I had no idea that was fake. I can't read the Twitter handle.
That stuff on the floor? Yeah... that used to be dinner... #Today Is Wonderful
Good, someone in my meeting knows everything about everything. How nice.
Absolutely stunned the Flames lost in Anaheim last night # house of horrors #20 in a row
We get it Ron Brown. You like Jesus. It doesnt have to permeate every damn sentence you speak. Enjoy God's Country, aka Youngstown.
Nope, you're never wrong. Couldn't be possible.
OH: "If you're lucky, you also get to wade into metadata standards." # sent # received
But billionaire money is black magic: as soon as you touch it all projects no matter how noble turn to shit. PRT
I love long cold walks to class in the morning...
Now Seattle and New England both cheated, new Super Bowl should be Green Bay and Indy. End of story.
A corrupt politician in New York?!? I'm so surprised!
So glad some people are so honest they will scratch several feet of your vehicle and ignore it.
I'm hungry, but can't have breakfast. I love medical tests. # not really
Being consistent is tough.But # Nepal # P o l i t i c i a n s did it again. No constitution AGAIN # Cong rat u l at ions
Two doctor appointments in one day. Whoopie
Yay. D2 team, no defense. Slow puck movement. I'm gonna looking like swiss cheese. But we've got Ricky..*thumbs up*
WELL TODAY IS SHAPING UP TO BE SUPER!!  the first thing that happened when I left my dorm is I that I fell and cut my hand open!!
That's ok uni, you just change the referencing guidelines and don't tell us until 4 hours before our essay is due in. It's cool
I expect Tom Brady’s 4pm presser to be just as illuminating as Belichick’s.
i am SO glad i went to that lecture i learned SO much # joke # t um b l r
So mommy, where did you get the snow? Walmart, they were having a sale on it.
Love doctors! Appointment at 9 and still not in...pretty sure someone cut me too
12 page paper for this class, that's almost nothing
Opening the door on your toes... Awesome way to start a morning ... # o u c h y
Job interview, homework, then work later. Boy is my life exciting!!!
Bill Belichick's press conference starting soon. I'm sure he will be an open book to all reporters' questions.  #Deflate Gate
Today is going to be glorious....
So apparently it's not ok for a white police officer to shoot a black man, but perfectly ok if a black officer shoots a white man?
Feeling oh so hip in my all-black Euro outfit paired with arctic boots due to today's temps. # travel
Thank you to the two cars at the yield sign, that just jutted out in front of me. I loved having to slam on my brakes!
...And the #USA, of course; for their tolerant foreign policy!
It cracks me up how shes totally pretty and im totally ugly and hes commenting on her yoga pants and butt.
Greed. Lack of talent. Ass-kissing. These are the qualities that will make you a success. Get started today! # Iron y #Sad But True
Had a great day yesterday, and looks like the same today..  it's what you make it I guess.....
Man I'm so pumped to get up and walk on nothing but a sheet of ice to class today  #Where Is The Salt #It Melts The Ice #Dont Want To Fall
Clearly the best thing to do if you're in an small accident is to stay right in the middle the road.
HAHAHA And now people especially haters relate it with Khuntoria again! Yeokshi Khuntoria Power hahahaha # p r t
When seeing someone's name constantly pop up on ur phone used to give u butterflies... now does nothing but anger you. # sad times
Is the #ECB announcing something today?  #One Topic Twitter Feed
Aight so let's go have to fun at school
I probably failed that physics test # great
I just loove when people treat you like they did no harm to you the day after.
A Rolling Stone writer didn't like American Sniper? Well, I'm shocked and appalled.
Mr. Obama r u going to let Cuba show us how wonderful socialism is? I mean it's worked so well for them.
Trivia Crack continues to educate me - looking for 6 others to form the first VC Net Ball Team. # not really # who knows this stuff
I just love standing awkwardly waiting for an exam to start. # kill me now
How I wish # P une et was in..He wld hv used his Martial arts moves to break # Al i s neck..*sigh*. Good old days.. #We Love Karishma Tanna
Nothing like only getting a few hours of sleep because I couldn't shut my brain off. Its going to be a fun day at work
Oh so my brain just knew my roomie had a 7 a.m. this morning and decided to wake me up at 5:45 to spend premium quality time w/her.
It's good to # cheat . Just don't get # caught ! It's the #American Way! ( ) #Dumb Cheaters! #Delfate New England Patriots! # l ol # C t h u
Uniform Thursdays are so much better when it snows
The fact that I dont get to sleep in on at all this semester on anyday of the week, is just plain exciting...
Don't you hate when responsibility wakes you up and tells you it's time for school? I mean in my case it's my nephew but still...
Gosh! For crying outloud one idiot jes told me don't be scared it don't eat beef... Huh? . Scared of wat?
Quick, everyone! A coach said something positive about his school on Twitter! The nerve of some people!
Cafe: "sit right down and we'll attend to you!" Ummm... ? No.
I don't think people really "understand" when to "use" quotation marks. # no just # stupidity
Shit I've just found out I'm a bit of a big thing having spotted myself on TV
I love it when minours bring balloons on the bus and make stupid noises with them :^|
Yes, acting like a control freak will get you exactly what you want!! # actually no it does n t
Welp i have gotten a whole hour and 15 minutes of sleep. I think that is an accomplishment. # i am tired as shit # i wish i could sleep
Wouldnt it be a shame if japan got done by UAE. # it would be fantastic # wishful thinking
Love how being sick just messes with your sleep schedule
Look, math. Quit asking us to find your X. Lets face it. Shes never coming back to you.
Creating digital money to buy debt....sure....that will solve everything.. #QE #EU
Disparage not My battered heart Embittered remains Will Shatter you... # m p y # m i crop o e try
Not being able to fall sleep is my favorite
Wow. Larry Langford was almost exactly right! (World Games & Olympic Games are same thing...right?) # b ham
Which team odegaard will be loaned out next season? Grana, Elche or west ham?
# K n i c k s won a game! Definitely not tanking like the # s i x e r s .
mode on: Oh good, the # g u t m e n s c h finally found a way to link # p e g i d a to # n a z i s m and can continue to ignore the voice of millions.
Going to the gym now. Really looking forward to that. # i m not #theopppsiteofthethingijustsaid
Love the fact that I look different in every photo I take
Waking up at 4:45am is sooooo awesome.
Bagussss!!! As usual, heavy rain+blackout, nice way to enjoy the rainy day
Sometimes, I wish I had a cue light just like TARS did. I believe in keeping a poker face while joking. #TARS # In t e r stellar
I love being patronised because I say the church should oppose sexism. It's great.
Just as I'm about to drift to sleep I remember an assignment due. Good thing I'm not tied.
The awesome moment you talk all about your new job with a person who isn't your partner, because that partner doesn't give a shit
Oh goodie im getting sick, I'm so happy  #Bish Why
Oh wow. Pott is so cool for that. Nice one.
Wow. What a day of surprising results.
Oh goody I think my fever is coming back!
I love that my body was considerate enough to wake me up two hours before my alarm is to go off... # tired # i just want to sleep
When relatives tell you must get a # job ! They make it sounds so easy. I wish I had their confidence
Early mornings are the best thing ever #Rise And Shine # can you not
Are pedestrians meant to have the right of way on a path? # chest e r p robs
I'm just sitting back & enjoying the Show .
You should post more pics yourself drinking because it makes you look so bad ass... Seriously I am so impressed by it daily...
Everything you need to know about me is on social media. Duh. #Said No One Ever
Traffic ! City bound Yea just what I wanted this morning
Two people are in a relation ship and neither one of them is you. So please, Shut up. # relation ship # love
Feelings hurt , face puffy & nose stopped up .... On top of that I can't sleep ... # perfect
Thank you autocorrect for changing "not" to "bit". That makes perfect sense & I use the word "bit" so much more than "not"
What would Curry have done if he wasn't held back: "Throw a haymaker, knock him out and get kicked out the league."
God..I am so glad that my neighbor got 800 dogs recently. I don't even know what I'd do if they were to stop barking!
Whoever decided it was OK to break basic computer functionality with the latest upgrade, I want to take them out for a beer.
Stepped out of Keg downtown tonight and was like "wow, they'd better start charging for evening parking, cause there's no spots!"
Actually.. I need to "be more social" because being antisocial will lead me down a treacherous life
Insomnia chooses the BEST nights to pop up on a mf
# warriors only won by 13 points. Guess Harden was right. # not that good
A brand new Marvel universe to keep up with... yay..... # marvel .... I'm behind by 2 decades as is ......
spent all day upgrading typescript files from v0.8 to v1.4. I think my eyes and brain are bleeding. can't wait for tomorrow
And you don't seem phased at all # great # scary
I for one, think $GOOG becoming a wireless carrier makes them less sleazy.
I can say this I leave her speechless ooooo wiiii....
Don't lie my ...? Well, I don't like your stupidity.
Lol wow y'all are sooooo helpful thanks for the male perspective
Its funny how I can go one day without Tweeting and 20 people stop following.Thank's guys -_-
Kelly's Dad actually wrote to Magic Morton? #Yeah Right
It's my favorite when they plow the parking lot right outside my window for 10 minutes at midnight. # obnoxious
McLeod with a nice shot... .
Going to the gym because you gained weight. # just a up air things # a up air life #Get Fit #Yeah Right
Thanks for fooling us all. I truly appreciated that.
So I'm still not sure, do we have school tomorrow?
Maybe a  should've been thrown into my last tweet
I also go back to party-ville = Easton, PA.
So Klay's "the best two-way SG in the league", but not the league's best SG? Of course, b/c basketball's only a one-way sport
About to start on my accounting homework ....yippppeeee
I just love how I'm tired all day but when I finally get into bed to go to sleep...WIDE AWAKE!
Yaaas my eyes are burning, and eyedrops aren't helping!!! .
You know what's fun? Ass cramps.
Didn't know it was national hug day bc people hug me so much regularly bc I am just so huggable and popular
Australia is being as 'exciting' as my home country Turkey. First the hostage crisis and now Circular Quay.
Oh yay! We get to hear her sing. Again. Yay. # a me r i can horror story
Maybe Blazers should trade Batum. :-/ #P O Rat P H X #Rip City
If you text me "hey" do not be upset when I respond with "is for horses" # men # stupid
Tons of defense being played in the # rockets #GSW game tonight.
Take that back...Josh Smith is def the MVP...
Nice stop by wizards w 3 secs.. # best brook
Well those weren't sexist comments made to Lindsay or anything  #Chicago P D
Apparently we got it wrong. We should be showing support for what we DONT want to happen to get what we want #Ham Ont #Bus Lane
Well I see how great my multitasking skills are
I love people who do things just because someone told them to.
I like apologizing to a person for not talking to them all day and they just pretty much go, "eh."
What a creative way to kill everyone off... #A H S Freakshow
Them: u r suppose to be single Me: I'm suppose to sucker punch u! We don't all get what we want do we?!? And scene # humor
I'm totally going to enjoy my tall glass of barium tonight. # not really
If your team is in the slump and need a rebound well play the Leafs best way to return to win side of things #T M Ltalk #Leafs Nation
I like h o w the "Eye" o f Orland o is g o ing t o face all o f the l o vely strip malls and o utlet sh o ps. # eye o f o r l and o
Whenever your chemistry teacher doesn't even know what's going on in her lesson plan >>>
I can see how all the words you said really meant something # but wait
# hard work is making an # idiot understand your #WISDOM # true # awesome
Well you're such a good friend.
So glad that photogs at the UNC-Wake game got me so many academic scandal signs to look at in the photo stream.
The Bears are clearing making out with the OC hire of Gase, I mean, have you seen what he's done w/ Peyton Manning?
Oh. Melissa won. Big surprise. I think I'm going to have a heart attack and die from that surprise.  #Top Chef
can't wait to spend another Valentine's day alone!
when your parents start yelling at you the second your friends leave>>>>> .
nice to know people consider my feeling too
And Jones misfired on a 6-point attempt. . Side rim from 28 feet. #B R A Dvs S I U
Love writing haikus when I could be asleep
Soo doms been working on the jeep all day alone. Thanks family and friends for the help.
It's lonely up here on the # highroad # just say in # both your faces are pretty
Nice to know that the Jets are moving their feet! #Sports Net Is Entertaining
Glad to see the rational folks at r/NFL are not taking all this ball deflation business to crazily....
This scene was actually shot as two stunts. I'd never have guessed. # golden eye 20
11 of 12 footballs inflated.. Hahaha the Patriots won fair and square fam.
The Patriots suspected of cheating again?!?! Color me shocked.
Thank goodness the Blackhawks AND Red Wings will be in the Stadium Series!!! Talk about franchises we NEVER see!!!
I don't know what I would do without all of you
After that press conference with Zac Rinaldo, I would be so proud to be a # F l y e r s fan right now. # not # ass hole # p h u c k the flyers # n h l
I love how skylar answers my calls
Drove myself to urgent care, so that's how great my day is going #Hate Being Sick # f ml # no gym
Oh looks like 2015 is gonna be great.
BLARGH. I have to get up for a 6 AM meeting that I probably have nothing to do with. Can't wait.
Wahoooo Clarkson was forgotten in front of net. Nobody believed that he could score
Thanks for giving my lunch for tomorrow to your girlfriend
The upload begins ... # wait wait wait # you tube gaming # w he e
Today's was a long as day! I'm glad tomorrow going to be the same
Walked to class in the rain....now my hair is poof! Well at least everyone will know the real me
The miscommunications game!! Can I play pretty please???
I'm thankful that I have low tolerance of alcohol so I could easily get wasted
When you just want to better your life but have no support from your family... Awesome # kill me please
I love when cheerleaders talk trash
"Prick-caso" is a modern genius. # jealous # t y t live
Boy I just can’t wait for talk therapy tomorrow! It’s going to be an absolute BLAST :Db
Can't wait to see the scene with Kevin Costner struggling to do that little girl's hair.
Brewers sign Dontrelle Willis to minor league deal. This is the move that is putting the Crew over the top.
I LOVE misleading websites! Don't you?!
Penn State has one guy keeping it in the game? That NEVER happens against #MSU.
Nice of Phaneuf to let michalek take off his gloves before he starts punching # p y l on
3rd graders and math homework. So much fun.
Wheel of fortune, baby! Let's do this! Yeah that's what this whole night is all about. # really about #The Mentalist
I'm glad my boyfriend pays attention to the things I say....
Rush hou r is when ca r s move slowly. # funny # r and o m # facts #hila r ious #ca r s # ha ha # l ol #i r onic
I guess since I only need a 45% or higher to pass chemistry it's a little hard # high expect at ions
Oh I just love reading 100+ pages of book about globalization
I love how none of my family members ever remember my kids birthdays. None
Who calls a carry anymore in basketball? # M i z z o u
Yaaaaaaah we get it, lil wayne is cool
The season is saved...Kelly Johnson is back
I can't get over how genius the writing is for modern family # dry humor # modern family # love it
I just LOVE playing the who can care less game
Yep still not back in shape. Actually nowhere near it. You woulda thought this week woulda done the trick... # t h i s s u c k s
4 miles on the stupid treadmill tonight and January is such a fun time to go to the gym... # over crowded # must not be fat
Love it get into bed and my wifi totally disconnects
Wake up and go to 6 hours of lecture for class then come home and have an online class lecture for an hour. # bestdayever
I´m # Traveling #Right Now look by yourself #God Mode # A c t i v a t e d I´m a # Human #Travel Machine # W i i i i i i i i i # ill um in at i #NWO :-D
I have worked 31 hours since Monday. There are 3 days left in the week. Really needing one of those Obama sick days right now.
What's with the #PEGIDA # Hitler fiasco? Big deal! . I know for a fact if they get what they want, moderate Muslims WON'T be affected
Can this day get any better!!!!
Because I'd much rather spend all night fixing things than working on some game art.
I love when you get an email about #SEO advice and the person's title is Account Executive
#CBBPATSY is being really positive.  #CBB
It's so nice being sick on my day off  #feeling Blah
I love how much time I spend at this job, telling my coworkers how to do THEIR jobs.  #howcanyounotknowyourownjob?!
I have never been so freezing ever ! # all day # def getting sick # this is fun
Damn. You is fine. #Gangsta Lyfe # wanna be gangs t a # they suck
Saw my Dr today. Now I have to see a neurologist as well as a new Rheumy. Plus I'm scheduled for an ultrasound. So much fudgin' fun
Love being home alone for 6 hours
So excited to go back to work tomorrow ... # why cant i be rich
I just did a super awesome thing
Yeah, just look at how hard I'm laughing
Who else loves the Seahawks jerseys I see all the time w the #12 and on back "Fan?"
I just love when people tell them they haven't showered right before I'm ready to touch them for their facial.
I love it when some people pretend to ask how you're doing when they know they are throwing landmines on your path. I detest their
Ah the Justice Dept is in on this whole Ferguson cover up too? Man everyone is protecting the police...
so, i got slammed with projects when i got back to work today. that was awesome.
Yeyy, my 300 DVD is damaged!
Love how my twitter is always dry as fuckkk but the book steady boomin....  tho cause I actually hate Facebook
I just live in such a happy positive environment! I absolutely love my roommate! And enjoy coming home everyday!
Isnt Thierry Henry just awful to look at? ;-)
I for one am gobsmacked that a major donor to the LNP has endorsed them in today's Courier Mail. # vested interests # q l d p ol
Big shocker there eastenders won.  #NTA2015
So we are to respect the rights and feelings of # Muslims but to hell with the rights and feelings of # Christians . Seems legit
#Deflate Gate what did they know, how much did they know, and when did they know it?  for inflated importance
Back to work, lets waste for time!! Yay!
I really like how everyone leaves me in the end tbh, it's not like I cared about them or that I was there for them & they for me.
I'm not a fan of working in groups so geology lab twice a week is gonna be /super/ fun
Yes, under-inflated footballs are the SOLE reason a team wins 45-7. They also greatly contribute to 200 rushing yards. SMH.
It's OK that the # Pat riots cheated because the game wasn't close. Kids, it's OK to cheat as long as you win by a lot. # logic
Who needs friends when you have Netflix. # net f l i x sarcastic
today just gets better and better, what's next?
So to these Hollywood Liberals Chris Kyle is a killer, but they love Che Guevara...yeah that's logical  #American Sniper
- ourselves and getting ourselves rich than about the living conditions of our neediest and most vulnerable citizens. -
I see a band called "Turbo Suit" changed their name from "Cosby Sweater"...I wonder why?
Love it when people have massive arguments at work  she just wants him to relax and enjoy himself and he wants her to stfu!
Has anyone seen that video of a man and the pump up truck that throws him off the ledge.
Our competition just got an "exclusive, first look at the new Sam's Club." I feel like such a failure.
When you have to put  because people can't tell the difference
Did President Obama arrive in Boise? I couldn't tell.... # its on the news
Awwwww... How romantic you tweeted the same thing AT THE SAME TIME
I really love 13 hour work days, when you don't get paid for what you do
woooow haven't bin on here for a long time, havin a huge headache AWSOME  anyway it's a little bit better now :) GN
Love being called diana, it's like my favourite thing ever...
Only 1.5 billion people? Yeah it's only a sixth of the world population. It's not a big deal.  #Redefine Freedom Of Speech
Flying to Florida with some rowdy snowbirds and a couple families with toddlers. This should be fun. # as if you could n t tell
Don't think I knew American sniper was on tonight
Wolf Hall: glad to see this much-neglected period in English history finally getting some attention
Why waste a square on someone I'm OBVIOUSLY not good enough for.
Oh good Mrs Browns boys won. Comedy at its most inventive.
Sixers-Knicks tonight! This is going to be #Cant Miss Basketball!
why didn't the refs notice the under-inflation of the # Pat riots balls?? # rigged
Breaking: Outraged Patriots have fired ball boy for failing to deflate all 12 balls.
#SOTU in 3 words: # D r one # Wars "constrained". Which will be a great comfort to those mourning their dead.
Shame on the # Pat riots . Go to your room and no supper for all y'all. And forget about going to see Taylor Swift this summer.
My best friend thinks the bottles of wine we drank Saturday and Sunday are the reason I'm not feeling well.  #I Need More To Feel Better
But yeah.... Ruiz.... Should have started #FFC
Hey...it's Wednesday. Can't wait for Our Last Night to not be announced as a # warped tour act again. # if they don t go i don t go
Having multiple panic attacks the day I have all my classes is just so great -_-
Xbox One to integrate Windows 10 OS. Wow, now there's an incentive to buy an Xbox if ever I heard one
So the Patriots are cheaters. Oh the SHOCK of it America.
Seem to have lost the ability to breathe without coughing # ya y # dying
There's a pregnant lady smoking and drinking next door. Yet she has "baby on board" on her car. I can tell she cares soooo much.
is my natural defense against stupidity!
Shawn Marion retirement tour better be on par with Derek Jeter's...hope Dan Gilbert steps up his game
Luke's 'dun saam sillee fings in moiiie lyyyffe'. He's been on a #Lads Holiday! #OMFG! . # Dinner date . #Boring Cunt.
I can't wait till literal teenaged Satan shows up on #Star Vs The Forces Of Evil and the fandom loves him more than the main characters
2 out of my 3 classes someone stole my seat... Just adding to my FABULOUS mood
SURELY giving bonuses to teachers in good districts won't further widen the gap bet already high-performing and high-needs schools.
Being sick in college is the best thing.
Damn don't break the bank Mcgarity on Richt's extension
I'm so healthy, energy drinks and chips
Rochester is the poorest city along with Bronx #Go Big Or Go Home #ROC # sad # s h o c k e r s there
Such a great class discussion # silence
Well that answers that, not seeing the boyfriend again tonight. Great.
# W i n d o w s 10 is a free upgrade from Win7 and Win8.1, but not from Win9? Garbage. # M i c r o soft
Yes cause wearing a white tee and a leopard bra is cute. Totally.
# der mot is there anything you can't do? #N T As
was created to confuse the stupid. # F act
I've missed 5 crown questions in a row. That's the way to win!  #Trivia Crack
Looking at hamburgers while eating a veggie wrap is so much fun.
I Love it when # Realtors say "Owner Motivated" Because I thought they had a Sign on their Lawn as a Decoration! #N L Real Estate
Thoroughly enjoy getting texts from random numbers asking me to "chill"
It's going to be a great day when you and your baby are covered in baby food.
I love my kiddos. They're awesome. Especially when they don't do their work but think they will bust out with a perfect essay.
Every adobe software is $700.... I sure have money for that
After seeing todays # attendance in PALR class, I thought a lot of people are interested in getting placed! ROFL
Turns out my car isn't gonna be ready till tomorrow... phenomenal...
On a 3.5 hr. corporate conference call. Some manager is talking about "leveraging" people on her team. Wish I worked for her! # f b
I have the best luck in the freaking world lmfao!!!!!
People who post multiple selfies a day on Instagram/ Facebook might have a touch of narcissism # just say in # swerve
Can see me going in some bodybuilding contests at this rate. 11 stone 1 pound of absolute # monster # machine
I guess pitbulls do look vicious when they stop and smell the flowers.  just another one of my perks... #Pin Ups For Pitbulls #Stop B S L
How do you know an amazing meeting? Answer: They'll be using Microsoft Surface Hub Whiteboard.
I'm glad Penn State decided to use my tuition money to buy iPads for athletes instead of take care of the sidewalks when it snows.
#Michael Moore says that the #New England Patriots are not really patriots at all..they are cowards that deflate your balls. # its a joke
So glad Pendot is on top of their game and had the plows out early and roads salted  #You Had One Job
I just looooooooooooove how the closer I get to graduation the less boys there are in my classes. # education major p robs
#Seth Rogan says the # Pat riots deflated balls reminds him of Adolf Hitler and his ball issue. # humor # fake news # its a joke
Exactly what pittsburgh needs, a game against the Blackhawks lol
#Rich People Problems My driver was 5 minutes late and my makeup artist showed up 15 minutes late. #The Struggle  AtItsFinest
That annoying moment when the armor truck parks behind you... Really I'm not in a hurry or anything.
Google Glass R.I.P. Gee didn't see that one coming.  #Glass Holes
Make an appt AND take a number to wait bc passport renewal is super efficient. # travel p robs
You mean the NFL knew about balls allegedly being flat before this and didnt do anything. Wow I'm shocked
The whole world is under such a serious threat that it is the right time for aliens to come and conqure and save the world # we f 15
PC version of Outlook sill boring. But you can add a wallpaper, now it much better # W i n d o w s 10
Bigger story: Patriots deflate footballs, or A-rod asking Bonds to be his coach.
Halford's 'wefit' doesn't sound like the games console game, does it?
If the Patriots did deflate balls, being a lifelong fan, I will never be able to cheer for them again, those bastards!
I'm listening to foster the people, obviously that's just like Fabulous. Thank you spotify.
Thanks Ottenbriet for making a final that actually had stuff we learned on it.
So we either get ~2cm of snow or upwards to 30cm tomorrow .. Once again all the weather stations in agreement on totals! # n s w x
Have I mentioned how excited I am to be alone for valentines day ?
Thank u garbage man for putting the empty trash can right in front of our drive way. Glad u are such a respectful person
It is especially helpful when those people don't even really know you or how you truly live.
Wow just checked my PowerSchool and it says I have 110 class absences in total. Thanks mono, thanks.
First a wife, then a kid, and now footballs?!? When will the abuse cycle end?!? #NFL # Pat riots #Ray Rice #AP
I seriously have EVERYTHING due tomorrow or Friday. That's freakin' awesome since I won't be in Greenville tomorrow. # struggling
Loonie at 81 cents... but I'm sure that has nothing to do w/ the Bank of Canada rate cut. *cough* # c d n p ol i # c d ne con
Let's play this game, no mid player so we're gonna totally wreck them.
Did you even workout if you didn't post a picture of it somewhere?
Does anyone have pictures of the small # snow flakes in DC? Most people have no clue what snow looks like!
Finally got instragram! Which is mostly only foods that I have eaten or family/friends have eaten. Man I'm so cool and original.
Nikes and white socks over black leggings with a white shirt and black vest. A+ for originality girl
You know at 9 pounds 7 ounces, Joe #Flacco's third child is lighter than a deflated # Pat riots football # R a v e n s # Baltimore
According to Forbes, the # He at are worth at just an estimated $1.175 Billion. # chump change
I love how Clyde thinks he is tougher then Victor # Days #DOOL
5 secs of summer has a song about amnesia because brain trauma/memory issues/mental health probs is a great subject to sing about
It is amazing how refreshed one feels after sleeping 9 hours. Who knew that sleep was good for you!?
wow I'm so excited to be at school again.
I love waking up to two unauthorized transactions on my account  thank goodness the customer service was great
Thats really what it takes just to keep the global economy from crashing? Im not worried at all....
Well economics so far is just a blast
The product placement is very subtle at JLF. No in your face marketing.
Oh goodie, I was hoping there would be more snow
Dang #V T Wireless is on point in Shanks right now... As usual
Nice to know what your priorities are... You're doing a great job.
Watching Hogan's Heroes at full volume in the office isn't at all tacky.
Time to turn and cough… # yeah
45 minutes into this hold with Mass Health Connector. So glad I have the time to invest into a simple question.
Why is everyone tweeting about me being with a cheater???? I would never! #Pats And Cheating
So excited to see THE John Filippo is headed to Cleveland! Way better than Norv Turner or Shanahan.
I love listening to 13 year old boys talk about weed and "sluts".
New study finds the more hours you work, the more you drink. Further research shows a study wasn't needed to realize these findings
Mmm...rock bottom. It feels amazing. # sad times #FML # crying on the inside # i hate everything # i need alcohol # not kidding # screwed
My absolute favorite part of my 3 hour biology lab is how long, boring, and early in the morning it is...
Ahhh PA's first snow of the year
In 50,000 words or less, explain what "concise" means.
Love it when my car smells like bacon
Being at work is soo much fun !
Dhoni the legend.You are greatest player & better then Yuvraj, Dravid, Laxman,Zaheer,Harbhajan,Ganguly. #I N Dvs E N G  #Worst Performance
Can't resist not being political today...mr president way to show real leadership last night when our country needs it most  #SOTU
Oh look it's snowing again...awesome # Colorado weather #Colorado Springs
Just blew the sugar off my donut. Dieting is hard! # diet # loose weight
Doctors and lawyers the band at school!? Oh my gosh so much fun!?
Time for our quarterly meeting. # Fun times
Just like #Bill Cosby, I'm sure #Bill Belicheat & the # Pat riots are innocent. #Deflate Gate #NFL
Great start to the day. I love it when my car dies in -24 degrees celsius. #FML # life lessons : Never be productive before 10am.
We need a "politique du déneigement" in Montreal because we never had snow and freezing rain before. # cm on man # p o l m t l
Awwwww, I lost a few followers just now. I'm so sad. <Enter heavy  here> I guess they can't handle all the love. #Adios Amigos
Yes, stand under the alien invader, that's the bet idea ever.  #SGU
Four weddings in 2015 all of which require a flight to get to - should have bought that private jet
If you don't want a sarcastic answer, then don't ask a stupid question! # true fact
Siraan ba ng buhay to? Hehe.. Lets see. #2 more months to go! And everything will be all clear. # activated
Waking up with a sore throat is exactly how I wanted to wake up.
Really? Whose bright idea was the #Museum Selfie meme?
I'm probably gonna have to stay longer at work today and I have an appointment after work. I love when that happens
My wife and I have been together for 15yrs. 3 kids (4th on the way) and still going strong. Thanks for putting up with my .
Didn't think I was allergic to any perfumes.. thank you teenage cheerleaders for proving me wrong... # headache # o w
TFC2 is the perfect name for a USL Pro club. Very original.
Really pumped for my Social Theory class today. I get to learn about Marx, Weber and Nietzsche. # m y f a v e s
Is it really only 3 o'clock? # so happy and fulfilled at work
Can't wait to drive in this wonderful snow!
3 hour coach journey. Oh, this will be fun
yeah, free college is gonna fix this> Nearly 50% America's adults are poor readers, or "functionally illiterate." # t c o t # tea party
Noida : A place where red light means green and other two colors are 'Just for Fun' # n o i d a #fuddu City
"Slept" on a couch last night and still not gonna be able to get any sleep. This day is looking awesome.
Knicks/Sixers tonight. Oh yeah. Definitely will be struggle to get tickets. .
50 shades of grey coming out on valentines day bc its such a romantic movie
Good thing there's a giant train STOPPED through columbia it makes it so much easier to get to class!!! # missed class
My computer applications teacher don't even know how to hook up to the wifi. This should be a fun class.
My favorite part of the #SOTU last night was when almost every republican remained seated as Obama talked about climate change.
So the process of ordination was just a tad different in the time of Moses and Aaron than today
Coaches and athletes cheating to gain an advantage.... I'm absolutely shocked
Time to watch the #State Of The Union address for my federal government class..,. Joy. # so excited
The patriots CHEATED!!!??? No way they wouldnt do that...
Currently making a world class, award-winning speech.
wish I was easily amused & enjoyed high priced bullshit so I could Say I went to #The Marvel Experience too.  #Oh But You Have Fun
Wow Bengals glad to see you want your assistants to succeed and grow as coaches. # Self is h #Better Than That
3 min late to a meeting I walk in the room the woman in charge yells "Dianne's here, we can start!  #NOTFUNNY
Only 11 of 12 Patriots balls under-inflated? That seems like a perfectly acceptable number to prove the issue was coincidental.
Waking up with a headache lets you know that it's going to be a wonderful day. # go away # hiss
OUR HALLWAYS ALWAYS SMELL SO GOOD.
Wow patriots used deflated balls! That really helped them win 45-7. Doubt they would have won otherwise # media # move on
Its almost 10 and im not asleep yet. # bad ass of the day
I love the smell of primer in the morning, all up in my apartment
Nooo, of course I don't have a countdown until I move. Not at all.
Just a Normal Day Today For Young M20, He made 5 fucking videos in one day and is fucking tired, yep just a normal day
Why is someone downstairs nailing stuff to the wall? Really!? That's not annoying at all!
#Exams Got Me Like 01:30 AM Good night, people. 04:30 AM Good morning, people. #Life Never Felt So Good # Z o m bi e
Thanks for giving irrelevant information and wasting my precious time
Say the Patriots win. Then what . The world celebrates a bunch of cheaters? That's a great message to young athletes. #Super Bowl
The only logical punishment for #Deflate Gate is for the Patriots to be banned from playing in the SuperBowl. # S hr ink age
Breaking news- Arnab has been nominated for noble peace prize..
I love getting to school 45 mins before I even have class # need my own ride
Please remember to make your 529 contributions. I'm not going to - so i'm going to need yours. Great plan #SOTU.
If a woman tells you that you’re right, that’s called .
Ejaculation is achieved by the last stroke, ths dsn't mean tht the earlier strokes were Useless. Achvmnt s a reslt of CONT. EFFORTS
is Anger Dressed with a Crown.
Apparently the # Pat riots cheated again. So surprising. #Deflate Gate
Great society we live in when 3rd graders do #Hands Up Dont Shoot. Wonderful job, parents!
So surprised to hear the news that such a classy franchise like the New England Patriots would cheat. I am in disbelief
Gary Kubiak was so successful in Houston that he landed an even better job with Denver.
way to be a great mom
A great way to make your mornings even brighter: reading the comments section of an online news article.... # no faith in humanity
Oh, I didn't know that your religion dictated what other people do, too! Perfectly explains why you don't want marriage equality!
Bad hair day = No selfie. I'm devistated.
So glad to see Darwin's mom basically replaced him  #Ikea Monkey
So much snow I'm struggling to step out of my front door
For confirmation that people are intelligent /positive/joyful souls read the comment section of ANY news story on the Internet
just got home from school, now no food for 24 hours. hospital tomorrow. great fun
Anyone know where I can get a # n f f c phone cover?
Really? 11 out of 12 footballs? Well, that's a coincidence. # Cheat riots
UKIP hit out about delay to Chilcot report into Iraq. Those bastions of anti-war sentiment
Love getting the call of no school after I'm awake, dressed and ready to head to Lax workouts
So the Jags brought in coaches from the Raiders and Bills. Glad to see they are trying to change the culture of losing
It's always great to see a student at the hospital knowing they'll tell the whole school later.
Pine then oak...oh my allergies thank you...
Learning about seaweeds in biology class. Very interesting. # sleeping #I Love Seaweed
The pink shirt and Aus Open really give Rafa their best
Its amazing how your bestfriend will ditch you for a guy that doesn't even like her!! Oh I love my bestie!
Waking up knowing it's going to be a pretty bad day. This is the life
Isn't it great when local business follow you? Especially when they're ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE ATLANTIC. # S u b t we et #Sorry Not Sorry
Don't take any warning seriously, unless it's your phone's "Battery Low" warning especially when it's your wife's call! # S a r c a s t i c
I have a black belt in
Cup of tea to get me through my very stresfull day
I SWEAR THIS IS LIKE THE WORST WEATHER, I'M LATE COS OF IT AND WE STILL GET MADE TO GO! THANKS, REALLY #Not Really
So happy there's reliable dryers in my building. Now I don't have to do an extra dryer session & I can get some sleep b4 AM class.
When will people realise that I'm not weird . I'm just Limited Edition. # weird # witty
You know you are having a wild ass night when you go to DQ and drop your blizzard all over your shorts
Thanks "other roommate" for giving me this gross cough. I really appreciate it.
Hum Zinda Quam Hain Painda Quam Hain # w o w the most sarcastic nazam i came across with
Just when I think I'm done with a section, I have to add more ... # you tube video problems # w he e
I love talking to no one
Chocolate pudding at 2am.. Now this is the life!! # not
Time for another sunny day in paradise
Oh. Well aren't you a classy lady.
Isn't it great how many men clapped when Obama said women need equal pay. #State Of The Union # f e m i n i s m
2014 is one for the ages man, best year ever. # lunar calendar
Conversation on how to best fire pregnant employees for being pregnant one of my all time favourite calls # s e x i s m
Correction to my previous tweet.. £142.20. I was a bit harsh at tweeting that it cost £144. The real price is much more reasonable!
Godavari Zilla People the fucking unpredictable people on the earth #PERIOD
Sure it was a good movie, if you enjoy propaganda & being told that all Iraqis are "savages"..
i probably shouldn't be going to school, but hey, everyone knows that your grades are more important than your health, right??
Another day of not being # Rich & # F am o us .
The Patriots are still cheaters? I'm shocked.
So the # Pat riots are a bunch of cheaters! #Big Shocker
Hopefully espn does one of those Sports Science segments to explain deflate gate & psi indoors vs outdoors. # I m not good at science
Can't sleep which is awesome since I have an 8am class
Well that was worth waiting 30 mins watching for Stephen Amell on Jimmy Kimmel Live
I'm sure deflated footballs are what made the Patriots 38 points better than the Colts....
Everyone just loves being let down by someone they actually believed was different
It's been so long since greys has been on I can hardly remember what's going on.  No really ALMOST 1 WEEK .
God I'm gonna b up for forever thanks english 2 honors! And special S/O to ms walker, all these assignments are just>>>>>>
Strange to see the Patriots in trouble for cheating.
Just remembered i have a test tomorrow first period!!! Wow!!! So glad i studied and am completely prepared for it!!!!! # not
S/O to the officials, they were on point tonight
So the # Pat riots won because their balls were "deflated"...yeah that explains the 38 point blowout. # game is over # give it up
I love it when my roommate keeps his side so clean.
Only in # Pakistan can you gain more Twitter followers if you excel in Meaningless Zero IQ cynicism on mistakes of politicians.
that was a nice FT call me and Donley had  .
Ahh football Ik so much about it
I guess it's true. You can really surprise if you put your mind to it. I guess that makes me a magician.
Thank you for being up late so I can talk to someone # to nights great
Must be a dark day in sports. 6 of the top 10 plays were hockey, and Melrose's favorite team, the rangers, was number 1.
It's cute when sam tweets about me and when he posts cute pics of us. Adorable :-)
So the Nightly Show is going to have one white panelist...but don't say that's racist. Because Larry Wilmore is fair to all.
Arvind against corruption-Modi:He is anarchist.should join Maoist India against corruption-Modi:Indians r anarchist #Bedi Vs Kejriwal
Not even home for 30 minutes and I hear my mother shit talking about someone. Great to be home.
It's probably my third best decision all year.
So Fall Out Boy is on Fallon tonight. I wonder what song they are going to perform?
NFL Is 'Disappointed, Angry & Distraught' After Finding 11/12 Patriots Footballs Under-Inflated, According to ESPN # really shocked
New England Patriots....cheating? I'm shocked. # inflate gate
Could this day get any better? .
Now then, let's just give the Super Bowl to the Seahawks by forfeit!
Love sitting around doing nothing while you sleep on my couch.. # al right # g t f o
Because fully inflated footballs would make up for a 38 point difference # inflate gate
This begs the question. Why are the balls not checked pre-game????? Such a flaw in a such a historically "flawless" system.
I guess sports are more important than education.
Way to be gracious, Maria Sharapova. # L i e s
Remember, folks: as a hacker, I don't care about neat technical problems. What I want to know is what your kids are up to. # so t u
No one is talking about "supporting a moderate opposition in Syria." Bc that has worked so many times.. #SOTU
Absolutely shocking that a classy team like the New England Patriots would be caught cheating. # Bel i cheat #Still Cant Beat Eli
I didn't know deflated footballs could prevent the colts D from leaving receivers open an stopping Lagarette Blount
Men peeing away to glory on a fully functional road in broad daylight, standing in the opposite direction..what r u trying to hide?
I like people who don't answer my texts but answer trivia crack against me. That's just the best
Patriots caught breaking the rules again? No way!  #Go Seahawks
Some people's faith in me is astounding. smh
I don't understand why ppl say the GOP isn't interested in equality when all the kids had #Bread Bag Shoes  #Snarky Tweet
Imagine that, the Patriots cheated... Never would've guessed lol  hate the Patriots
I'm shocked the Patriots would cheat in a big game situation. # booboo brad y # hood i e sit h lord
When you swear it automatically makes you 15% cooler
I might be getting glasses... How fun
The # patriots cheated..how shocking?!?! that all they'll be known for being cheaters and doing nothing but hurt the game..pathetic!
This is it. THIS is the year we simplify the tax code, I can feel it. #SOTU
Luv how I think it's okay to just now start studying for a test. # new year new me
I love some people soooo much
I bet the patriots are really upset about losing draft picks over #Deflate Gate ...
Thank you Adele (among others) for teaching my students to add diphthongs and triphthongs where they don't exist. # odd vowels
Love being at the hospital at this time # i m tired
Yeah, I totally understand that millions of newly insured Americans is obviously a failed policy.
Nothing I love more then being ignored by the person you wannna talk to most..
Hmm. You don't look like you're lying through your teeth at all, republican rebuttal lady. Yep! Keystone pipeline is 100% safe!
Did the president speak tonight? Who know?
I really love living on a Main Street in a college town where the speed limit is 35.  #policelightsaretoobrightatnight
SOTU night certainly provides an opportunity to confirm the political loyalties of my Follows. How enjoyable.
I just love those days when my mom picks random arguments to start every 5 minutes, i love the added on stress I get at home
I just LOVE how active my followers are
Why are politicians still pumping for the Keystone pipeline #Lets Pollute More #2014 Hottest Year Since Ever #Hot Is Cool  #Stop It
Isn't it comforting to think we could be run by Hilary after tonight?
Having math, marketing, economics AND accounting homework all in one night is just SO MUCH FUN.
Sandwich bags on kids' shoes in the rain in Iowa. Got it. Powerful "response." # time for bed
Flyers still suck. Where are you in the standings again? # not really asking
Wait, I'm confused, how is Obamacare a "failed policy"?? Providing health care is a terrible idea. Look how we're all struggling
Just like the myth of climate change, apparently Obamacare didn't work.
Yeah millions of americans having health care is a failure. # so t u #Republican Response
Wow I can't even tell if this republican response is scripted or not!
Joni Ernst "worked the biscuit line." & we need to know that! This is so about the #SOTU.
It's a good thing that there's an anti science dumbass who doesn't believe the moon landing is real in charge of NASA funding btw.
im so glad there's referees to blow the whistle when a pucks frozen
I've got nothing to say..A few points missed but he said a mouthful (of what?)and then some.. # Po t us #SOTU
Glad to see Obama start his bipartisanship off strong.
Binge eating until you can't move is always fun...... # l ol # fat
Loooooooooooved the derailment of a women's choice.  #SOTU2015 #SOTU
Was just informed that Twitter is in other states too. Really? # smart y pants
And I'm 100 percent positive Eades will be held accountable for his "boom!" comment to Shields.
Now we move from #SOTU2015 to #STFU2015 via the #GOP response. Can't wait...
Tax increase & more government spending. Sweet #SOTU
THAT'S what I want on my resume: I was a member of the least productive congress in the history of the US. #Goals For2015
So when do I get all my free stuff? #SOTU
"God bless you." But he's supposedly a Muslim. Shouldn't that have been Allah? #SOTU2015
I wanna see Boehner's birth certificate. Hahaha
Well I am really enjoying this hour long pat on the back #POTUS is giving himself  #SOTU
Gotta love that comeback!  #State Of The Union #SEGL102
Enjoying this massive headache thats at the end of a greaaaat night
Maybe the 17th time's the charm # kind a # P e n g u i n s
If we "did something different" Congress's reelection rating would be ruined.  #SOTU
But we like Capital Hill Drama...  #SOTU
"Grew up in Hawaii". GREW UP. He's a Kenyan! :o #PROOF #WAKEUP #SHEEPLE ( ) #SOTU
love how they structured this MCIAC bracket............
Oh I get it. # pot us wants to close # g i t m o , release the held terrorists so he can use drones on them overseas. # t hats humane # so t u
So let's just shut down gitmo and let more of the bad guys be terrorist heroes on the battlefield. #SOTU
Glad to see the safety of quite a few of my identities aren't even worth a clap... #SOTU  #Laugh Not To Cry
Oh like we can trust China to cut emissions
"Our greatest threat is...climate change.?" Wow. Didn't see that one coming. # So t u # t c n t
In his defense, the EPA is the most effective government program out there.  #SOTU
Well...I mean..I DO like air and all. #foxnews C H A T
But mr president... Climate change and global warming are myths... science shmience
Yeah, let's go # eradicate us some # poverty ! Definitely feasible, Mr # head of state . # a m e r i c a is not best # save the world #SOTU2015 #SOTU
I just love feeling so unwanted, it's perfect rlly # w o w
Obama has cured cancer, diabetes, and now Ebola! Damn hes good!  #SOTU
Yes. Let's stop being mean to Iran. They are truly the victims here. # t c o t #SOTU
I'm glad my cable doesn't work so I can't watch the #SOTU2015
Life just keeps getting better and better. # i hate everything
Cuba? Yes, Obama. Last 50 years of opposing a ruthless dictator was a mistake.  #SOTU
Bigger nations shouldn't bully smaller ones, even though Russia has fewer people than us #SOTU
Who pretty much slept all day? I did! Aren't I productive?  #Iwouldneverseriouslyboostaboutthis
One party wants to raise min. wage, the other wants to cut taxes for the wealthy. Yeah, both parties are exactly the same.
Shocked that the # Pat riots are caught up in another cheating scandal...
Just ended my awesome day by putting body wash in my hair.
Wow Can't Wait To Visit Space, Forget Las Vegas and The Beach!!! #SOTU !!!
Yeah, why send in the military AKA EXPERTS first? Let's send John Kerry and his awesome vocals? #SOTU
Kane scored his 200th but he couldn’t in the Olympics. So this is just null and void really
Loving how POTUS didn’t stay on the whole 1% thing long. That’s comforting  #SOTU
I'll say one thing...Congress looks so young and full of life # old white people #SOTU2015
Oh I get it he votes Democrat so he can just get a pass...oh I get it....that's fine.... #SOTU
How dare you threaten my trust fund!?!? (  )
Twitter shares fall 5% as Obama declares his love for Instagram #SOTU
Wait, we have to pay for stuff? Isn't this America?  #SOTU
Obama: “I commit to protecting a free and open internet” #SOTU #Sure You Do
I start school again tomorrow.... I'm having such a hard time containing my excitement
We should all want the gov't that can't make a website to "help folks build the fastest networks" #SOTU
At least it looks like we are excited to have the chance to play the #6 rated team in the country.
Mm she wears a dog collar. Fake horns? Oh yes mmmmm. Emo girls rule.
No! Net neutrality is obamacare for the Internet! #SOTU2015
I really can't tell by Boehner's face whether or not he agrees with what Obama is saying #SOTU # M e r i c a
Relax Iowa fans were a 2nd half team
Why did Boehner even show up? He looks soooo interested in what the President has to say #SOTU
But someone like Justin Faulk should play over PK Subban at the #N H L All Star game right?  #Go Habs Go
What!?! He's not going to allow XL!?!? # shocked
Sounds like I've missed a landmark British TV broadcast by missing # angry white and proud
I would like to thank my parents for giving me stress this year. Love ya'll.
Can't wait to hear everyone's political views on Twitter #Please Tell Me More
Wow, who knew? This country is in perfect shape! Didn't know our President has everything in tip top shape.
Oh yeah, give a bi p artisan standing ovation to the first and second ladies and veterans. # p and e ring # don t kill me
The state of the union is on...Guess I'll scroll through vine. # I am watching
Free college. Sweet! No one pays for it. How does he do it! He's amazing.  #SOTU
Free college? How dare you try an take away American's freedom to be dumb. Screw textbooks, me want Duck Dynasty books. # Du h
#SOTU FREE COLLEGE PLEEZE. So we can all use it to post cat photoz to the interwebz. # l i s t i c les # ya y journalism ( )
No school until Friday so that's cool  #I Need That
Yep let's tax only the rich people who earned there money and give it to the poor who didn't work for it ok sure that makes sense
Free community college? Heaven forbid we have an educated America.  #SOTU
Gov't has shown how well it does in education. Let's give them higher education as well.  #SOTU #SOTU2015
Increase the inflation of college degrees...yeah!  #SOTU
Republicans don't want women to earn equal pay...I'm sure I'll vote for you.
Who needs sick leave, maternity leave and a paying salary anyway?! #SOTU2015 # first world problems
Women getting equal pay as men? WHAT DOES HE THINK THIS IS, THE 21st CENTURY? #SOTU2015
Speaker Boehner looks sooooo excited to be there. #SOTU
Insanely hard to figure out where the Democrats are standing and where the Republicans are sitting.  #SOTU
Paid sick leave? What a socialist. # so t u
Paid sick leave? What are we, made of money? #SOTU
Childcare? An economic issue? Jiggawhat? Get outta town Obama, you crazy half-black man, you.  #SOTU
I used to chase after dreams like all A+'s...now I chase after Pizza. # the new dream # thank you t um b l r # food
So glad we're focusing on the important traits of women as the only thing anyone can say about FLOTUS is about her outfit.  #SOTU
Universal childcare? That's socialism, right?  #SOTU2015
He wants EVERYONE to contribute to success...sounds like communism to me  #SOTU
Boy that Obama guy sure fucked up... Gas prices are down just like the unemployment rate... The nerve of him!!
So, we're "building up the Middle Class" to... Wait for it- tax 529 college savings accounts. Bc that makes sense. #SOTU
9 shots on goal, less than half of the hawks...yup totally all Smith's fault
Ohmigosh nobody tell me what's happening on the #SOTU I'm taping it!!!!!!!!
Glad everyone including in Congress including Obama are having fun tonight  #SOTU
Wait a minute I think John Boehner just smiled! A genuine smile! Will he lose his leadership position? #SOTU
Hows Barack tweeting while giving this speech? #SOTU
I can't seem to figure out why Republicans won't clap when the President mentions health care reform....  #SOTU
So glad Marvel killed Wolverine & is planning on killing Deadpool just in time to "reset" the universe and bring them back...
I am amazed at # b o eh ne r tan! How does he find the time for time off as speaker? Amazing! #SOTU
Of all you've done, timing's the only thing that was perfect. # at its finest
Oohh Castiel defended Dean. /Must/ be # Des tie l . # Super natural
Minnesota shoutout from the prez. I'm sure I'll be the only MNer who will point that out.  #SOTU2015
Oh you smoke vape at school? I wish I was as badass as you.
Being back on campus, it actually feels pretty good.
So glad the # F l y e r s are playing disciplined hockey this year
How long did John Boehner practice that "impassive" face? He's pretty good at it! #SOTU
Now that I have a interview tomorrow I actually have to shave. # ya y # motivation
He said, "Should we talk about the AFC game or the NFC game first?" # we sports
Kyle just totally gave a shit about Kim.  #RHOBH
Stop clapping. You're all rhinos!  #SOTU
Perfect ending to the day: getting shampoo in my eyes. # life is hard all the time
Speaker Boehner may break his hands if he continues to applaud that strongly  #SOTU
Life sure is different with Twitter!
BTW, I'm shocked, SHOCKED that Zac Rinaldo would do something dirty & get suspended
Oh good, Dan Dakich is announcing
Aww...not higher taxes for the wealthy and big banks. God forbid we help out the middle class #State Of The Union
Oswalts the best guys ! Yeah ! Lol.
Looks like Alison slipped out of jail to go do some -A stuff and pick up some fudge  #Alison Is Not A
I just love all these orientation quizzes.
High School Jrs t-shirt yesterday, senior prom t-shirt today, I don't know how I could be more attractive. # my boy friend is a lucky guy
Oh how I enjoy listening to this #POTUS speak!  #State Of The Union
I guess my 5'4" height can be intimidating? Or maybe it's the beard?
Downie is excellent at picking his spots # pens
Redskins hired the defensive coordinator of the 0-16 2008 lions as our defensive coordinator. The future is bright  #HTTR
All I have left is the citations! So close to being done! #Thanks Synborski
That was really cool voracek manliest way to fight if you ask me
Oh word in the #Pro Bowl2015 they're narrowing the goal posts for extra points? I'm so watching it now
The Boy Next Door looks like a Academy award winner! # crap movie
How bout these refs... # N e b r ask et ball # H u s k e r s
Yeah, switching goalies when it's the forwards fault, great idea! # m n wild # stick a fork in us # done # fire ye o # f i r e f l e t c her # f i r e n o r d y
I can't wait for all the anti-Obama facebook status updates. Its going to be great!  #SOTU
Getting super excited to see my twitter feed blowup with how bad Obama is doing and how awesome Obama is doing #SOTU
Who's ready to act surprised by all the crazy POTUS is going to unleash at tonight's #SOTU ? # f b
It's a sucker punch by a Flyer? Never! # P e n s #Typical Flyers Play
This # P e n g u i n s - # F l y e r s game is rather tame and boring.
JUST IN: President Obama's motorcade got called for looking at Henrik Sedin cross-eyed, will be two minutes delayed.  #T B Lightning
Who's ready for some "free education" and government provided internet!?  #SOTU2015
Utterly stunned that the Rooftops owners sued Cubs . Hope they win but I’m sure in a city like Chicago they have no chance.
I have such an exciting life
Looking forward to hearing from our fine Government leaders #State Of The Union # clue less
Remember how we signed Rinaldo to an extension. Good stuff. Less room for talent just the way I like it...
Urgh, need to sleep. Work in the morning!!! Whoop Whoop!!!!
Thanks Obama for scheduling the State of Union at the same time as New Girl
Soooo I have a 10-15 minute presentation at the end of the semester in my business class. #I Love Public Speaking
We have 2 tests this week in math... Thanks Mrs.Taylor! # geometry
I think nose bridge pimples are just the best
# B at man is a brooding character? No way. # the dark knight
Turns on Tampa v. Canucks, watches a Lightning player flop, is shocked. # h a b s south
I love doing so much for someone and then when I need them they can't respond...
Wait, Hoiberg is called the mayor? huh. never heard that before.
Everyone watch the #State Of The Union address tonight. Keep a notepad, jot down the number of effective # solutions discussed #OBAMA
We should bring back Coach Welch to be the head coach... . # pleased on t kill me
How foolish of me to think that I wouldn't have to deal with high school drama after high school. #supposedtobecollegelife # u g h
Awesome way to start the semester. # Not
my week just keeps getting fucking better.
Awwwe its a damn shame that no one gives a shit
The last tweet re: X Games.
Ok those 4 look soo happy to be there... #MISOTS #MIGOP # t c o t
Missed call from a private number I could never guess who it is
You people make me laugh XD humans are great
I fucking love the family support. totally fucking thankful
I love going to school when it's dark and leaving when it's dark again. # so fun # love it
Oh how I missed Panama City and the awful smell of the paper mill.
Nash didn't score 26 seconds into this game? Geez... Slacking before the ASG. #NYR
Why's # H ol l y oaks trending? Has Dodger's woefully abismal acting resulted in its axing by C4? ...
Thats too much thinking for one night. Going to watch pretty little liars because that doesn't require much thinking now does it..
# H y p o c rite # am reading the book I bashed! #Book Club no more tween dramatically let/downers # book i e b ash in g
35 minute. Don't worry #BCBS I don't really want to hang out with my family tonight.
1200 word essay due tmrw and haven't started yet and don't plan on starting it soon but it's ok bc I soOoOo don't care # i care
On the #US domestic affairs, we are all anxiously awaiting President # O b am a #SOTU speech......... Can't wait!!
In a horrible mood. Today has been so insanely great I can't even believe it.
Way to kick me when I'm down. Good looks, life, good looks. # my tooth hurts like hell
I love when there is no spam on my timeline
First last day of undergrad completed yayyyyyyyy. # i m not a girl
Being cool is exhausting. Being "super cool" even more so...sigh.
watched a light Spanish documentary on Syria with my familia tonight; great bonding experience. very happy movie
# l t you can't go to FCS without knowing everything you will ever need to know about Liberty University
$200 for two books. Good thing I'm made out of money!!!
Today has been a shitty, shitty day. Got a lot done, though. Also spent all of my money. Oh the joys of my life.
We've got some huge news-said every band ever. Of course you have news, that's why you social media. .
I just love school, so exciting and I learn so much # reading off power points
Watching my friend bake cookies, worlds best chef right here.
well this should be a fun lab
How does Doug Marrone sell effort 2his Lineman in Jacksonville? I C it now, "hey, come on man, don't QUIT on the play" #Bills Mafia
Just burned myself on a lighter. Today is so great.
So.. Dad just made fun of my sometimes stuttering in my sentences.. Thanks. Thanks a lot. # encourage men t
Yeah we should get rid of De Rossi!!!
The help I get keeping my house clean is immense #doyouwantmetocleanshower?? # just do it don task
Now screaming " BILL BILL BILL ". He just loves when I do that
I just love it when I get verbally abusive emails.
Thanks school for taking my tylenol and advil bottles way to look out for me I might OD!!! Thankful
cannot wait to hear every "policy expert" tonight during the #SOTU
Oh 5pm campus traffic clusterfuck...how I've missed you
growing number of people struggling to feed themselves, resorting to food banks but dont worry as no more # page 3 #Wrong Priorities
I love it when # Net f l i x gets a movie that I just rented from #i Tunes for $6. #The Interview
It is so awesome that I sound like a man right now. I'm very much enjoying the loss of my voice.
Twitter is favoriting tweets of people I don't even follow? This is such an awesome feature!
Lol ya makes sense. Who wouldn't rather hang with fake people than people who actually care ? # notch ab o i
Today was such a great day.
4 movies coming out this year and soon he'll be back in a studio to re-film scenes for Avengers...? No, that's not busy at all....
Dude, that snap chat video of you smoking weed... Dope.
I love the doctors office ....
Wonderful thoughts going through my head
You have not lived until you've heard bette miller's cover of TLC's "Waterfalls."
Tweeting out #Muerte De Nisman because that shit isn't sketchy at all.  #Me Da Verguenza
Patsy isn't taking the hair dryer news too well. LOL... sorry sorry, I shouldn't laugh, this is devastating news!  #CBB
Can't wait to hear Obama's state of the union address tonight on how he wants to raise taxes on the wealthy.
"That's a GREAT question. what an AMAZING question. What.a.great.question, isn't that a great question?"  #King Lou
Feeling the Chelsea love on my timeline tonight
I got worried as I wrote a blasphemous tweet about Islam, but then I read that terrorism has nothing to do with Islam. Phew.
I've forgotten an s in assisted too many times while working on this. Varies which one, it's a surprise every time # little things
It looks like all the attention who r e bullies a r e also winne r s at spelling and g r amma r . # r andomobse r vation
Just watched the footage of hazard penalty. I must say it was a definite penalty and hazard didn't go down easy at all # soft
I love having an insanely hellish, busy and tiring day of work and not being able to go to bed in good time for the next day.
Maybe I have a future as a barber...
I love that I don't have an 8th pd.
#Andy Dalton has been selected to play in the #Pro Bowl. And #Pee Wee Herman has been nominated for an #Acadamy Award.
Love having to drive all the way home to get mail, because the dorm mail system is trash. :)))))))))))))
These Chelsea fans have such original chants.....
Cmm marrying another costar...we all know the last one worked out so well.
Hazard has almost died out there!
My favourite thing to do when I first wake up in the morning is clean the kitchen. Just love it. # its my second language
My bad. I should have said
East Texas simply doesn't have enough penis trucks driving around. # red necks # s m a l l w e i n e r s
Stuck at school every Tuesday till 930...12 hrs of learning fun
Your # life should go on your decided # pace and not others'. # H y p o c rite #Loveyour life .
Rejection is a nice thing right the perfect way to shatter confidence
Oh goodie !! Afternoon staff meeting on 5hrs of post night shift sleep. This certainly is being a productive day off.
I chop English a lot!!! Don't bother correcting me!! English is not my motherland!!
Is it considered rude if the things I say only make myself laugh?
Got sick on the first day back to school! Yay!
WFAN used the same audio as Contest Question #4 five times in a row… you wouldn't believe it!
Gov Asa Hutchinson is speaking Thursday on health care at UAMS...this oughta be good.
Please. Feel free to judge me and the way I live. You're perfect. I could learn a lot from you. # g fy
Yeah! no body knows its raining outside so lets update status "It's raining outside" (Feeling happy) and tell everyone. # G o o n s
Thank you! Thank you for your common curtesy! # just kidding
Young Bombs and Goshfather & Jinco are the same EDM duos that were birthed by the EDM trend machine # E d m #PLUR #Wheres Molly #420
So glad my ITBS is back, had 15 needles in it and my glutes today. Then stats mock gave me a migraine... All in all lovely day.
If you're goofy & can have fun and just be silly and take a joke. I'm gonna love you! #Fun Times # Jokes # P ranks t e r
Because all males are apparently misogynistic pigs that think women can't do anything.
$100 late if student doesn't pay tuition today. So if I don't get my overpayment today, does that mean Nicholls owes ME $100?
A lot of buses show at times "Sorry not in service" Where is this place? Can't say I've ever gone there before. Is it any good?
WAIT! Aaron Rodgers over-inflates his footballs...and waits for officials to catch him....CHEATER!!!!!!!
I think the Diet Coke advert should be banned... Its using men as a sex object...  #Feminist Trolls Being Cunts.
Can't fucking wait to do an all-nighter again
Ask: What is violence? Can me blocking ur chance to get food a form of violence? Nope, that's non-violence.
Omg! Oh my gosh! OMG! Its # Rain in g ! # k a r a c h i weather
Why I don't like people? Just.. # r and o m
Hope Solo was involved in something with the police? I'm shocked! I would never expect that from her.
I listened to a radio host rant about a coaching hire. because radio hosts know more than people actually in the business
Ya know u found a good radio station when the DJ says they follow Richard Marx on twitter. # X mar x the spot # music
Hope every one is having a great day because I know I am  but really hope you all are having a nice day!
Got to love girls who show off their bodies with half naked pics
Back to school today and I'm super excited!
I love how people can dish out advice but don't take into account how much more difficult it could be for the other person to do.
Andy Dalton to the #Pro Bowl2015 ??? I guess he is worth 20 million a year...
I forget the that majority of the world either does not understand or does not appreciate .
As of late, thinking I should change my title to "email & PowerPoint extraordinaire"...that's kinda like # engineer in g , right?
I love when my bus doesn't show up to pick me up
Oh so this isn't overcrowding # south eastern ... I am just standing in someone's armpit for fun. .
Apparently there are different versions of the meaning of "amazing"....
frozen ALL WEATHER pitch…….yeah that makes sense
Don't ya love it when someone tells you all abar their new exciting relationship & all abar their dates. I LOVE IT! # shut up
Thank you Facebook for asking me 'how does that make you feel' really appreciate it..
Does the National Signing Day event meet the AD's sensitivity standards?
What Fox News reported something that was inaccurate??? I'm shocked
Good to be in Argentina amongst all the political turmoil.
Gervinho is a football genious #AFCON2015
I can actually taste the 4-5 black olives on my sub. Mhm. # V al u e
Fracking protestors get extra loud during presentation of colors. Very smart. Super respectful. Should win many friends
Polish flatmate(high voice): "I don't drink instant coffee, but I can add water to the same tee bag, it is so german.." # e vs # S of i a
Today's gonna be great... I can feel it
I'm glad Andy Dalton is replacing Aaron Rodgers. He definitely deserves to be there. # d a l t o n s u c k s
I did really well on chem
This this day just keeps getting better...
UGGS maker $DECK down more than 8%. Tom Brady is a pitchman. Bad news for the Patriots?
Strange how all the rich pieces of shit in Congress have a problem with the tax hike.. Wonder why?
Can't wait to hear all the mockerney accents in town shortly  come on redmen! #YNWA #LFC
Julian is the most famous Schalke player wow I am so suprised
So does that mean Laconfora was wrong? Man now I have seen it all
If I had to choose, I'd always put Chris Neil in over Curtis Lazar. # S e n s
That sweet moment when your kid offers to pray for you. Then they pray you, "Won't be evil." Eyes-rolling, long live # pray
Who doesn't like being 180ft in the air tied on to a 3 inch pipe # work
First God's particle then Ghost's particle....what's next Phantom's particle or even Goddess's particle.
Andy Dalton is going to the pro bowl take that haters.
Well this is an awesome feeling...
oh you worked out once? congrats, you're a professional athlete now. # un impressed
Starboard now officially pushing for $SPLS and $ODP to merge. But both stocks down. Maybe $YHOO or $DRI should buy them. # s y ne r g y
The BMV is always full of the nicest, happiest employees
Office work for the bulk of the day. Gonna have so much fun!
Oh boy a 7 Badge Pack!
Lost both sets of keys this morning. This week is gonna be good... # starting with a bang
Oh I just love running a fever and throwing up. It's just so joyous and how I want my morning to be. # feeling ill
So is everyone as excited as I am for school? Lol
MARK YOUR CALENDAR!!! "The Comedy Central Roast of Justin Bieber" will tape on March 7 ... Hope there's some material to use
Yes 13 year old girl in a care bear onsie scooting around Stanmore.. You do look cool! Keep it up.. # stay class ys tan more
It's great knowing who your friends are
It is just a rumour that the "I know what you did last summer" movies are (c) #NSA
It's Tuesday. I swear its Monday. School begins today... Yaay #Im Bullshitting
Deffo going to turn our season around and we are going to win the league now! # C a f c # useless
Anyone see Georgetown beat up on Villanova by 20? I thought Jay Wright was a genius coach?
Gotham, Flash & Arrow all comes back this week along with me starting classes this week as well. Perfect timing right?!
So excited for skills review today in class!!!
with regards to that last RT; .why do we need schools when we have twitter? # l eyd en pride #No Excuses Tuesday
I'll pray for you... #youneeditmorethananyone # grow up bitch
This day is already off to a great start!  #You Have Been Warned
I should be sleeping but i can't. Got to love anxiety some days. # t hats original
I'm stuck suffering while my biggest enemy is laughing in my face. This is just everything I fucking wished for
wow I really love waking up at the crack of down to sit in a classroom for 8 hours being tested on my knowledge.
Black on black converse with a white converse logo#thatAintFake  #Ish You See At Work
Just run an automatic update for windows on my laptop. Now it won't start up. In system repair now. Wicked
In other news...Millions "gambled" on insurance last year - only a fraction experienced loss. The rest "lost" all premium $$$.
Drop all those guys that declined no matter how they did out of the first round. What pansies.. Hate to compete.
4 year olds who wake up at 4 am are the best.
Tomorrow at 7:30am I get a cavity filled. This brings me joy beyond words!
Today is going to be just DANDY # going back to bed #BYE
Wow. Mono tests are such fun.
the best part about diabetes is the "side effects" that come with it # i wanted to sleep
Waterboy5630 is rocking on hipchat.....another baby-step in my lifetime...day after day I am doing really cool thing # work place ..:)
Playtime is over...Back to work after 2 weeks.... # ya y # on the phone #didmissmylovelycoworkers
I forgot to put makeup on before I went into work. It's gonna be a great day. # awesome
I love nothing more than breathing in second-hand smoke
Oh god I'm scared, somebody be on my side.
Don't see why Leafs fans throw jerseys on the ice. Nobody gives them any attention for it.
So you're saying the # Pat riots are cheaters?? NO WAY!! OMG...you're kidding me! # C heaters
So it's already one of those days..... awesome
A staff meeting followed by a web training class. Oh joy. # just shoot me now
The best things that ever happened to this country are political correctness & zero tolerance policies.
I'm taking a Track & Field class this semester, cause I know nothing about track.  #Former All American #Not To Toot My Own Horn #Hash Tag
"We've got an enthusiastic bunch here today" - Kuhn
What a great morning! Especially on the day you plan to leave the country!
Dude a U.S. embassy car was fired at in Yemen. Who saw that coming? #CNN
My truck lost all power while driving to work. I'm now sitting on the side of the road waiting for the tow truck # great day # ya y
We have benchmarks all week. This is going to be fun.
New favorite course... Intro to real analysis...
Alright... Wiped out on black ice. Great way to start the morning # blessed
So.. It's raining so for now we are stuck here.. So much fun  I really need to go back home
ZOMG CENA WON!!! I did not expect this
T.O.P AT MARINA BAY SANDS WHAT A BEAUTIFUL LIFE
Club Nintendo shutting down? Oh no whatever shall I do? It's not like I never really used it.
A 740am class after shoulder day....oh yea. It's a blast to be awake and moving... # do work # gonna hurt to get results
All my friendships are built on and inappropriate humour! # true fact
Don't worry mock trial its not like we don't meet every Tuesday.
Jamaal early in the morning is always a great way to start my day
Wow....don't you love it when people have double standards.  may have to leave work early before I have a meltdown
YOU, with your semi-electric mountainbike in the city - you're the real hero!
I'm in the greatest mood right now.
Replaced BB/BP2 network at work. Crazy days.. .
My dog hates me. A 2:30 am wake-up call. I didn't need to sleep more. Today should be wonderful. # tired
Looking forward to deciding what my dissertation should be and starting to write all my assignment # un i # work
Forgot I had to babysitt this early. The beautiful sound of a crying fetus woke me up. # help
I´m # allergic to # stupidity so I break out in .
Aw congratulations! You made it ALL THE WAY to 20 before having a second child!
You don't know a zilch about something and yet want to make millions on that topic? It's all about publicity! Get a good PR person.
I have no classes today and yet I still had to be up at 4am.... #Not Cool #Gonna Be An Awesome Day
My indoor basketball hoop suppose to get here tomorrow. That's gonna be fun putting it together
Nothing makes me happier than when me train just stops in the middle of the track for half an hour.
Virus and food poisoning in 1 week really makes you feel fantastic!
"big boobs don’t count if you’re fat" neither does a big dick if half of it is your personality"
Amazing what happens when you don't judge somebody without knowing them
Just arrived in London for a another full week in Reading! God I love staying in the Penta! # boring # gotta do it
It's wonderful that the buses run on time when it's so cold.
Some people on here need to chill out and stop thinking everything is a moan! I'll try to tag everything with  from now on
Looking forward to some strange coins from the Nightfalls tonight
Oh yay. The snow has made it down here. I'm so pleased
today yet another trip to the hospital. can't wait...
Did you know you can buy soup makers these days? I must admit I always found blending, then heating on a hob to be a chore
Oh I wonder what's going to happen here.... # N e i g h b ours
Hitler is an ANGEL haha #Make History Cute
Oh look, Karl has the same bottle as the one at the garage. I wonder what's going to happy # N e i g h b ours
Can't beat wheels on the bus nursery rhyme on repeat at 7.30 in the morning! # not annoying at all # t odd le r # mum my t we et
I'm really looking forward to this mock exam # brick in git
So we have 1drunk w/trashcan 1semidrunk people and 1 sick person in a hotel room, this will go good. # drunk t we et in g
Looks like I put my invisible cloak on today. It's great being ignored.
Wrapped up in three blankets yet I still have goosebumps. Okay... That makes perfect sense..
There it is. First #CEGC15 crisis! Luckily, I had no sleep, that's why I am calm. See, I even find time to tweet.
really surprised the pats are under the lens for cheating... again ¿?
So glad I rushed my butt off to get the 7am from Farnborough. No really, so glad I left the house at 6:15 # Southwest trains # awful
Glad I paint my nails so nice just for me to pick it all off
Murray the only Brit in to round 2, what a surprise  #Aus Open
#RAW so... #New Age Outlaws vs #The Ascension at #Royal Rumble? That'll put butts in seats.
One class and it's at 10:50. # such along day # he he
Best way to start the semester!!!
A day without you? Well, I can still liven I can still breathe, I can still do whatever I want. Hahahaha
Love not being able to fall asleep after work. # damn red bull
NW: Act of Valor. Cause I totes don't have an 8 a.m. tomorrow  #Im Still Watching It Doe
oh goody. a Hawley episode next week  #Sleepy Hollow
Indian team truly playing a like a defending world champion..  #I N Dvs E N G
Its alright if u don't reply. I was just exercising my fingers.
I just love when I tell ppl I have work to do and they proceed to talk to/text me!
Anxiety is so much fun. # fuck this
A well "controlled" innings from # D hon i yet again. Massive respect for the guy ! #I N Dvs E N G
What a great way to end the night.
I LOVE waking up after having actually slept for two hours and having the worst stomach ache in a while...
so, Luisa is doing good!  #Jane The Virgin
They're date is at CostCo?? Oh that #Jimmy Kimmel - so classy!  #The Bachelor
It's so cold in # Delhi that I saw a politician with his hands in his pocket. Haha
Hey being ignored is great isn't it
I love what being a friend to someone entails nowadays
Classes start tomorrow, can't control the excitement!!!!
Sometimes I just want to clap loud and clear putting someone's face between two palms of mine. # face palm at it's best # l ol
When I avoid certain people on purpose, I'm so nice.
Cause one month is enough to create a positive result.
Work is going to be so fun tomorrow.
coz beating th shit out of people is illegal #Feeling Awesome
so pumped for senior english first thing tomorrow morning
I wanna congratulate the # k n i c k s for getting there 6th win of the season smh
So basically: Clintasha: Pff, that's old news, never gonna happen Romanogers: They're only friends, you idiots!! (1/?)
Ms. Saari will love this essay
Patient pick-up where the valet is is a genius idea. # method ist
way to make Seth look strong there
So only Part Time Sting can actually get the upper hand on the Authority. Not any of the WWE Superstars. NICE!  #WWE #Raw Reunion
So lame this ending has been played out way too much. The "distraction" roll up pin. Dumb, nobody saw Cena winning that # w we
OH MY GOD!!!! Who would've seen that coming?!?! # C en a defies the odds and wins in a 3v1 handicap!?! I can't believe it! #RAW
Sheesh didn't know MLK died for so many things. Would of known if it wasn't for Instagram # he didn t die for any of that
Alright boys, let's not all jump at once ...
Glorifying a man many believe to be a hero is so lame, give us more dick & dope joke movies please
When Twitter banter turns into what car you drive and threats. Yea you're winning in life.
Cool. I love the way that turned out.
Jackets win 3-1! Would have been 8-1 if Boll was in the lineup.
Is tonight the night we get a three man Attitude Adjustment?! I sure hope so!  #RAW #WWE #OLDFARTRAW
Thanks for the support from our women's basketball team. They really gave us a home court advantage......
Gee willy, oh my, is Super Cena gonna win?! I HAVE NO IDEA!!!! #Cena Looks Like Smurf Jizz # Raw
Nice to see the Wild lost again tonight.
I waking up & not being able to go back to sleep, omgggg
I get to go to work tonight even tho I'm not scheduled.. # ya y # not happy
Can I be sick more often?
A co-payment is a price signal but a fat tax is an unconscionable infringement of human rights. # a us p ol
Rusev facing a black wrestler. That's new.  #RAW
super excited for iss tomorrow :)))))))
While POTUS is asking for free crap... I think we all need free drive in movies. Or any other free family kind of thing.
Well, that was pointless. Glad to see the legends putting over young talent. # Raw #Back To R A Wlternative
Well the ascension got the rub tonight #Raw Reunion
It's your loss not mine  is everything
Love it when this happens # hate it
My evel sister talks too much. I feel sorry for my mother.
Wow, didn't feel that was coming at all # m n wild .
Congratulations on your single fucking goal, Leafs. I'm so proud.
good news - there are more bikinis next week  #The Bachelor
its a second one jersey wow that changes everything
I mean HELL all I did was friggin DIE at the hands of my big bro and left my vessel's imprint in ashes. No biggie
Isner is in a tiebreaker, that's surprising
Damnit. Another missed 3 pointer. Come on Frank! # k u b ball
Come on people embrace #Embrace The Hate for Roman Reigns hey look at me I'm embracing the hate y'all
Being ignored is oh so much fun! # not # this is ridiculous #Forreal Tho
I think the new day is starting to get over with fans # raw
Everything is fixed with a kiss #The Bachelor
That's how you talk it out buddy.
too pumped for exams tomorrow!!!! :-))))))))) # ya y # fun # big tests # excitement # l u v school
Hearing a lot about #American Sniper today. Shocked a film about a white guy murdering brown kids is getting mixed reactions.
I didn't know what shade you were equated to being molested more than the next
The finally miss a 3. 8-9 to start from the arc. That's just a horrific percentage.
Oh well ok then. # heels in bed # that screams class y #The Bachelor
This late night work is gonna be great
Breaking your pinky toe is really not as fun as it sounds. # o u c h
Wow I'm in a great mood!
#Raw Reunion Big Show's Right About No One Can Throw A Giant Over The Rope Cause It's Never Done Before LOL
Got hit in the head with an apple today. If only there was some sorta reason for why things keep falling on my head :/ # Gravity
Wow...learning so much with this Richardson mic'ed up segment....
I cant believe my eyes! Big Show thrown over the top rope? Roman Reigns must be superhuman. Can't wait for #Royal Rumble
Her team is always there for buttering There is no NEED to wish us after 19th JAN!
I just love how everything goes wrong all the time
Its amazing how a day can make such a huge difference!
This puck luck is on point #T M Ltalk
Your fine.. i dont need a text back.. cause i have so many other people to talk to
Somewhere out there Carlyle is smiling, laughing and loving this! Clearly our problem was indeed a coaching issue # L e a f s #T M Ltalk
Oh, Kei is up a break already in the third. Fantastic.
Me from the bathroom: Baby, I think we need a new toilet, it keeps running. Him from the living room: No, you need Phish tour
Tierra is always and forever will be wrong!
Missed coming to Starbucks to do homework
Now see seth Rollins botched his fucking lines where's the hate.... Oh yeah it's ONLY INDY LOVE... I get it now! # pathetic # i w c
An elbow from Cooke?!?!? Noooooo… he’s not that kind of player…  #CBJ
Kane showing up really makes this more exciting # Raw
Dr said - 8 - 12 weeks of PT for me! Just want some pain relief without using drugs. #PT starts next week....yeah!! ( )
Thanks Michael Cole I didn't know how to download the app but now you've shown me it's so simple # Were not stupid #Raw Reunion
Yes Michael Cole, we are all too stupid to install the WWE app. # Raw
at least I can almost understand the Asians in the hallway right now.......
Love the hype about glorifying war killers and dehumanizing the occupied and weak # g o a m e r i c a
I don’t think there are enough different colored John Cena shirts. #RAW #WWE # w z c s r # wrestle zone
# K n i c k s win… #NBA Playoffs, here we come!
Knicks win. Omg Knicks win. # p layoffs
I am glad you amaze yourself Geraldo....  #Celeb Apprentice
Oh yippee it just keeps getting better.  #Raw Reunion
The sincerity level at Burger King is through the roof.
Two Instagram likes in two minutes? It's official. I'm famous
I'm so hurt. I wonder why no one notices. # replaced
Leafs are just so good #T M Ltalk # n h l
Am I falling for someone? ... Honestly, no. Gravity is simply trying to screw me over!
Wow, hockey looks alive and well in South Florida.
No txt from you in like 2 days........... awesome
Yes run up to me, make a joke like we're friends....like you haven't ignored my existence for months. Not weird at all.
Ah yes, between the train and this wi-fi how could I ever not love going here?
4 everyone im mrs harts spanish 2 class: don't forget to do your quizlet
In most games that is a travel on Okafor.
Glad to see LeBron came to play tonight....
Maybe you would rather reach me via email
You mean to tell me the Seahawks have an over inflated sense of self worth, I'm shocked!
First day of nursing school starts tomorrow and I've been nothing but sick today yayyyyyy
Poor Benjam is trying not to cry after a bad skate and they start playing Happy over the PA. Classy move Skate Canada.  #CTNSC15
So my wifi at school is good
I wouldn't have took the hint that he's crazy when I heard the music he listened too. Death, darkness, jealousy, alcohol # no signs
I'm so happy to have family and friends that support me and are behind me with every decision I make. # not
They're showing fans' tweets on the ACC scoreboard tonight.Shockingly, only the upbeat ones are making it on to the screen # L e a f s
My family always knows just what to say to make me feel fat and insecure. # ya y # family # love
Why yes go ahead and ask me about my p so r i as is . It doesn't make me uncomfortable. # p so r i as is # make my day
Hot water on a mat burn #Hurts So Good
Have to spend my evening watching Tony Perkins' "State of the Family" address. Can anyone's night be anymore more exciting?
God I just love being constantly nauseas. It's like my favorite thing ever! # stomach e problems
Innovation creating more jobs than it destroys? Tell me more!
Today, while I was reppin my # a n k l e z on flee k someone told me they like my style. at its finest?
Breaking news.. It's unsafe to drive on icy roads... #Black Ice # du h
I just love when my replacement at work shows up late. Helps my evening so much! # B l ah # mon day
I love not being able to print to the wireless printer I installed 2 months ago and used once.
It's a shame #Michael Moore is being such an ass about #American Sniper . I loved him in those James Bond movies.
So glad that its gotten up to a balmy 37 degrees outside right now! # still too cold
Mirallas joining Spurs typical never liked him anyway
Got stuck in a elevator today fire department came 30 minutes later....not stressful at all
On BBC Three, it's news that an actor can't define their sexuality. Who new the world was in full Technicolor. # a in t none y o business
There's nothing I love more than hearing chants and megaphones while sitting in my living room.
Well, that solved all the problems within the NHS! #N H S Debate
Time to go pick up dog poop! YAY!
But he's Bill Belichick and a legend, he's good at cheating, so you should deal with it & stop being jealous.
Exemplary examples of teaching on display in Doctor Who as usual
I put hastags in my last tweets because I'm so # hip # love # deep # quote # l ol # funny # l ma o
oh goody, Coolworld is back on Netflix ???
Oh...that last tweet had a MASSIVE wad of  attached!! #C B Live
If ur an asshole, remember other people obviously don't have feelings, r never stressed and/or depressed, so keep being an asshole
I'm SO excited to go to my sister's baby shower this Sunday. I CAN'T WAIT to be surrounded by baby things and baby talk.
I love how you always find a way to take all the credit.
What's America coming to when you can't even pull a gun on the police without getting shot? # the five
Josie deserves a slap just for saying "snuck-en in". She's right though -- no1 will EVER guess she's a drop-out!  #Help4 Teen #Dr Phil
Bertuzzi's a UFA at the moment. Maybe we can sign him for the Blackhawks game so he can do the 'hit' on Carcillo?  #N H L Jets
The New England Patriots guilty of cheating? Nah. Can't be. Not them.  #Once A Cheater Always A Cheater
Being Canadian means always being on # Winter watch living in igloos, surviving off maple syrup and dodging flying hockey pucks
On the nightmare train again. Oh yeah.
Being asked for ID for a tesco shop of juice and frozen fruit was not embarrassing at all (I blame the pug onesie)
Both Seattle & Boston channels are on Optik TV. Yay Super Bowl Hype! # y y c
Oh goodie! How I love being sick! Lmao not! # under the weather
Running on nothing but good luck today.
NBA going to be real excited when # W a r r i o r s play # H a w k s in championship .. not ! NBA losing ratings then and viewers ...boring
Well Silent Witness has cheered me up no end
Who would have ever thought 3 women couldn't agree on one style of dress  #Wedding Planning Is Hard
If you're ever feeling down about yourself go try on swim suites in the middle of winter... You'll feel a whole lot worse # don t
Talking with customer service is so fun
Thanks whovain fans for telling me peter capaldi was in paddington
So stoked to start work rn!
I'm missing the gratuitous shots of random women near the finish line # s an l u is
Mtv airing their shows in Black & White today. Now I can fight racism while watching Catfish.
I love drowning in paper work
Teams of Tony Pulis: a sheer joy to watch. Mr. Pulis - such a pragmatic man. #EVEWBA #Premier League # Ever ton
Woke up because of the rumbling thunder and bright lightning. Awesome eh? # early shift
Love knowing I'm working full day just to be told no go home early # got up for this #5 h r s not really worth it # its money
A smoothie, easier to digest than a whole fruit...... Noooooo????
Oh the next 10 days should be fun and games ! crazy Georgia becomes psycho. # women problems
Can't wait for this awesome super bowl
& school should make everything 10x better tm
Gosh, it's tense tonight!  — watching Coronation Street
I love when people go on TV, make an ass of themselves and we celebrate them.
The Leeds CEO says he wants some lads who win some headers..... This must reassure the Leeds faithful.....
Favorite part of being in the play.... Cast GroupMe # w u t
I think I just spent an hour reading pages of philosophy that I didn't need to read #Awesome Sauce
Just 19 weeks without complaint, should be easy lol
My Speech teacher does a great job of calming down & explaining the assignments
'Old dean and cas being buds' lmao like me and malory being buds amirite
Provan and parry, great work sky sports
Well, that *was* super... # c or r i e # every week in casualty
I was totally impressed, im only silent because im in awe of how impressive you are
I guess countries have feelings, and Muslims do not #Explains It All #Jim Clancy #CNN
So far, nine words written today. # winning # am writing
It's alright, no need to # reply , I was just # text in g you to exercise my fingers ...
Love hearing my dad's racist thoughts
I love when I make a perfectly logical suggestion and basically get a "fuck you" response from management!
Na massive # shock to see say many are too narrow-minded to understand let alone subscribe 2 its pleasure. # I mm at u r ity yapa ur side!
"A fishing rod is a stick with a hook at one end and a fool at the other."
I love working with racist people. It's so much fucking fun...
I can't wait to see Kennard again tomorrow
I mean I /know/ one is jet-lagged and I /know/ the other stays up playing vidya games but come on
A friend #PPP, is someone who is there for you, #P M L N Petrol Chor when they'd rather be anywhere else. # Pakistan #Petrol Shortage
Oh there are roofers working on my roof, didn't notice!
I just love when my manager changes my schedule without telling me # work problems
“Was she on some sort of Candid Camera version of This is Your Sucky Love Life?” ― Nicki Elson # quotes
I wish I could be like my neighbors and not have a job and sell/do drugs all day.
... and I get to enjoy it all from the confines of my work place! # ya y
My fave time of the year: gathering stuff for income tax time.
Just to clarify (cant believe I have to haha) I didnt seriously mean "Send Ozil to Charlton"  guys lol.....
I don't trust all this OpenSource stuff. You should always develop everything in-house.
Pickin stuff up with a broke hand is the best part of my day. # this shit hurts
At BJ's, they're displaying bathing suits right next to the down jackets. Good job. # logical
Yes, by all means promote the terrible person in lieu of other more deserving artists! That doesn't hurt your brand at all...
Subhan Allah! EVERYBODY has the SAME taste! Subhan Allah!
"Choose the right tool for the job" Good thing our R&D department does that and all other heavy thinking for me!
Well today oughta be just fantastic
Maths test tomorrow yay # tests # mats # k m n
Dear Zelda: Only ANC & EFF politicians are allowed to make racist, disparaging, divisive & hostile comments #Zelda La Grange
Having a real great start to the week.
Remember when the Flyers used to be good? Hope McDavid can turn this ship around. Just give him the C now
So glad I taught my kids the name game # y i k e s #Time To Go Play Outside
I love the people that say "we", like they played in the game themselves.
I'm still trying to find a handful of items since moving almost a year ago! One of those lovely added benefits of a move...
This #Deflate Gate is awesome. Bill Belichick and Tom Brady have built their unrivaled success in the NFL on a foundation of lies.
Loveeeeee the pedophile wolf scene in "into the woods"
Can't wait to spend my day reading the many chapters of chem, stats, history & philosophy due by Wed
The circle line is so great # l on don # t f l
What a wonderful start to a wonderful day!  Even though there's no school, Monday will still give you a hard time
Still in the JCMC, might stay one more night. Having so much fun.
I just love it when when Christian radio talks politics and bashes political parties and politicians. It's so Christ like!
And World War 3 erupts. Love my home
"Sweet Home Alabama." Just the song you want radio to play on #Martin Luther King Day.
Shoutout to the Qs for strolling during MLK Day today.
Woah great run today. Thanks for the support guys.
Its a PD Day no school for kiddo which also means no running for me Off to the passport office to renew passport, oh what FUN!!!
Omg, she keeps saying "whatever, you lied"... I'm just sitting in my room half dressed being all chismosa. "Oh yeah, okay."
Today is going great # stressed # tired # wanna go home
I hate couples. Do ye not have sex to do or somethin'? Instead of sitting in front of me on the bus being all lovey-dovey!
My son's mother is such a good person # do h k a y
How can we appeal to the racist Tory right. I know, write to a bunch of mosques to tell them radical Islam is their fault. Genius
Yeah, so the Nats signed Scherzer. THE METS got CUDDYER and John Mayberry, Jr. Take THAT, NL EAST.
Thank you, Monday, for not disappointing me with your frustrations. I was worried. # not
the world needs more loser welfare women with kids.. they are the best!
My job title loosely translates to Dirt Cheap Labor. Yes, I am feeling valued and appreciated today.  #Overworked And Underpaid
Wait the Pats cheated? That's SO surprising!
Writing a novel is never more fun than when you're babysitting your niece and the kids are out of school for the day. # am writing
The # Pat riots are under investigation for cheating? Huh...they have such a strong track record of integrity.
Fowler to the Cubs, but please, let's just keep laughing at the Cubs like they're no real threat.
I don't know why I don't come to the asian supermarkets more often, all the bad bitches are here.
In school on a national holiday. College is fun.
Patriots are being investigated for cheating (again)? Wow I'm stunned!!!
They are definitely going to rebuild the hat. It's coming down in perfect little pieces.
#FYI: If a woman tells you that you’re right, that’s called .
Oh wow, red cups? RED CUPS? what a banging club night that's gonna be
Love when ppl wax poetic about ppl who they cheated on or were cheated on by but still screw.
Don't listen to the young kid! Never knows what he's talking about!
Guess what I have to do today? I get to go to the eye doctor!!! #SGU
By no means is it the reason we lost but I won't be surprised if the Pats really did deflate the footballs # c l a s s o r g a n i z at ion
The Patriots have been accused of cheating!? what? no way, they have never been accused of cheating before. # c heaters
The more you drink meal replacement the less awful it tastes....
Patriots cheated to win?? I am shocked!!!!!
I think the Boogeyman is so cute.
The Pat riots cheated? I'm Shocked. #NFL # Pat riots
I'm not sick. I don't have the worst sore throat ever. I'm NOT catching a cold.
What!?! Bill Belichick and the Patriots being investigated for cheating, again! I am shocked! # not # n f l #I N Dvs N E
My next pet project: invent+popularize terminology to undermine rivals and dehumanize by continual usage. Oh, and to make a few $.
Crew doesn't need work or a work schedule. You just make the "season" as small and as cheap as possible and call us when you can.
What? The Cardinals didn't sign Scherzer? I'm so surprised # cardinals
Animal products are the way to go, folks!!
WHAT?!!!! The Patriots may have cheated?!!! How shocking and unprecedented?!!!! # irony #Colts Nation # n f l #New England Patriots
Amazed to see everyone on social media is screaming for petrol , means in sab k pas gaari ha sirf ma ghareeb hon :p
Dear # cow or k e r : I just loooooove walking thru your # f arts at 9 am. # mon days
I love listening to people eat especially when they are FIVE TABLES AWAY FROM ME!! # getting annoyed # Fuck
I love being in charge of Caleb
So the #NSA used an open proxy in North Korea to hack Sony and Jon McAfee found out?
I got snubbed for an Oscar again… ugh this is like the 25th time this has happened. # i ma wanna be diva
i couldn't think of a better way to start this mlk day than drinking a mountain dew and listening to 'all i do is win'
I think we should go with the same lineup tonight.
Oh no its even worse than spygate its DEFLATEGATE # p a t s # s m h
Wow I love having the voice of an 80 year old man. # sick
How dare President O b am a let the football be deflated? #N F L Playoffs # O b am a
Guys, the Power Rangers Movie starts filming this year! Didn't see that coming at all!
If # Pat riots deflated balls, maybe # Bills get their 2015, 1st Rd pick back. That will really punish them good. As if that matters
Anyone on here got that picture of Fabregas and his mum and dad?
Top marks for maccies drive through for always giving fresh chips
BREAKING NEWS:CAF has asked Nigeria to join the I'm going AFCON during the quarter finals!LOL
Practicing with the boys this morning! So much fun # ball is life # s s h s
Joy is when your 1 year old son wakes up at 4:30am and won't go back to sleep. # playtime # off schedule
If only # Colts had a "deflated ball" running back I bet the outcome would have been a lot different #N F L Playoffs #Patriots Nation
I'm so glad to know my internal clock still works on days I have off.
12 hour shift today, woo I'm so excited!
I've been so busy with real life that i forgot my web one. Since when our real life is more important then the web life? Madness.
Gotten more pictures of Zayn these couple of days, than I have in my lifetime of loving Zayn
Huge round of applause to PennDot this morning on the roads
Already off to a greaattt start this morning.
Patriots might've been cheating again. Well this is a surprise.
Oh lovely, another sociopathic, self-entitled, self-centered man-child produced by bad parenting. How fresh and new....
Haha can't believe they replied to that
Mmmm I got so much sleep I don't know what to do with myself
Fear not, citizens. On this National Holiday, the cement sales group will be hard at their labors. You're welcome. # wish we were off
Stayed up until 1 trying to get this new early morning insomnia under control. Been up since 4:50 ... Today is going to be cool
Just finished reading a mindfucked book i feel smart :)
Yeah, we got some real lovely folks back home.
30% drop in w/sale gas price, 5% cut to customers, end of next month. Perfectly fair.
Its good to see the ANC took a mature, level headed response to Zelda's rant and didn't stoop to her level and use racial terms!
The crowd at the Kokkinakis 5-setter seems so bored, I bet they wish it was Fast4 #AO15 # fast 4 tennis is awful
I'm surprised more football fans don't become managers as lots of them seem to know better than the manager of their team!!!
absolutely great, not that I'm in a rush or anything or have work to submit for a deadline at 12pm
TIL ... Pseudomonads are "spore forming" ... & are called "Bacillus" ...
What I love about my phone is that it doesn't really work as a phone anymore.
Slow clap. Well done #BOM for getting a storm warning to # T o w n s v ill e 15 after it passed. # good job guys
I see a lot of Russell Wilson in J Manziel! . Anyone comparing them probably should give it a rest.
Having a productive Monday. Just typed 125 words on a major article I have to submit in a few hours. # jour no p robs
My school shoes are so tidy.
I noticed in American Sniper only white people were shot and killed. Let's have an "Emergency" meeting with Hollywood!
Love that my tweet with a typo is getting so many retweets. c'est la vie.
I'm a post-modern vegetarian. I eat meat ironically.
The pitch looks so much better!  #AC2015
Yeeyy atm packing my bags, the mental hospital is expecting me at 4pm. Can't wait! # sad
Let me get this clear....It's cold outside? In the UK? In January? Who'd have thought that, eh?
i love not being able to talk about how i feel clearly enough because im afraid of being seen as weak and vulnerable Oh yes
If you need to  you're doing it wrong
Man, am I on a roll or what?
Hey guys! Apparently Molloys just became a professional pool bar.
Well I am sure that two & half hours sleep will really set me up for the day. # insomnia
Its been a great night.  :)
Really sucks having to watch sport (NFL, Tennis, Golf, Asian Cup) all day # research
so the pats may have cheated again? not them!....not the patriots..they are the best in the league...no way THAT woudl happen....
I love hearing bass from my wannabe rapper neighbor who sits in his car sometimes just to hear his songs..... # all day long # be quiet
You staring at your phone= Jerk. Me staring at my phone= Cool guy with lots of shit happening in his life.
Good morning all, and especially to # E s k o m who has once again left me without power. 3 surges in 10secs. You guys rock
.... It has been decided. I am NOT aquatic, nor can I breath tea and/or tea flavored liquids. # choking # u g h
RT YushinLei: Nerdy? Nah I didn't just spend a whole day playing # video games and #Dn D
Football is over tonight...but omg guys, Australian open tennis!
Nerdy? Nah I didn't just spend a whole day playing # video games and #Dn D
Picking berries in a suit? Totally normal. #Res Heads # R e s u r r e c t ion
Well. That cinches it, the Braves are going to win the division. With the pitching in the division and our hitting, guaranteed.
You know I just LOVE being lied to, gotta say I looovvee it
Am so sorry ... Did my back hurt your knife ? #Raised Eyebrow
Character is defined when ur der for dat person who has never been there for u
Yay for stifling & abusive relationships.
Because the Oscars should be like the Oprah Winfrey Show. *YOU GET AN OSCAR! YOU GET AN OSCAR! EVERYONE GETS AN OSCAR!*
Hey guys "nothing" is working well for Rafa apparently! Just watch the match vs youzhny
Always feels good knowing you are the back up plan
My fiancee talking to my long lost daughter who is moving in with us. Oh yeah THIS is gonna go well
Thinking we should just billboard the #Super Bowl. #Journalism Talk
I'd really like it if someone could tweet out another pic of Seahawks fans leaving early.
I speak 2 languages  and #Real Shit!!!
I love my dogs laugh at horns honking on TV.
I read somewhere that the # R a m s were looking for a new OC. Apparently, so was a half dozen other teams who already filled theirs.
Conor McGregor sure is a "real deal" 5th ranked fighter fighting a 10th ranked fighter. #Hype Train  #UFC
I don't have feelings or anything
its awesome how my days off work and school are spent by myself
Over 10 billion Americans starve every 10 seconds because of capitalism.
Love the stream of email that comes in after being in airplane mode.
This Super Bowl is about to be awesome... # not
Being ignored feels great by you
The pro of having your father working with you is if he forgets something, he can easily ask you to pick it up for him.
Lol i swear i have the best luck at everything i do
I'm sure that $25,000 fine and one day in rehab taught Jon Jones one hell of a lesson.
Scholarships are so fun to look for!
Good think I work a double the next two days tho
Oh look a minimalist artsy indie game that is all pixel art. I have never seen that before
Wait so patriots are going to the super bowl? I couldn't tell from Twitter
My kid did this AMAZING thing that no other kid has ever done let me tell you all about it and lmao # Face book
Wow thank God for that tuck rule # thanks ray le w is #Tom Brady Facts
#LT glad to see my procrastination skills didn't lapse over winter break.  #whycantijustbedonealready
OF COURSE the Patriots are going to the super bowl. What a surprise.
oh and of course, emergency book another hotel somewhere else for 2x the price.. but it's ok we got the 15$ cancellation fee back.
# still salty I was pissed before. now I'm even more pissed.
When in doubt, just add some sausage fattener
It must really suck to be a Patriots fan.
is not just an attitude, it's a way of life!
NFL fans in America do not get to judge soccer fans in Europe. Hello pot, I would like to introduce you to kettle. .
I'm sure that people who struggle w/ obesity have never heard the facile pseudo-suggestion "just stop eating" before. # fat and back
One episode left. Then hiatus. Joy! # lost girl
Ecstatic to be in New Jersey
What's your plan now, oh smart smooth one? # R even g e
I'm not good at gambling. Did patriots cover at 45-7?
The bigger the ass .. .. the bigger the purse
Does anybody else love being ignored or is that just me
Way to put up a fight Indy. Woo!
At least My elf # leveled up from protecting herself from rape # dragon age and gaming culture isn't # sex ist # rape culture
2:00 warning - time for the greatest comeback in NFL history  - get Reggie his catch
These hockey night in Canada commentators are great! # bring back be ye k
I'll say it now... Should have been the Browns.
That was a huge third down stop for the Pats # clutch
The next two weeks of Seahawks and Patriots talk is gonna be awesome
"my nigga senses are tinglin." "going incognegro." Just two small excerpts of the classic comedy you can see on "A haunted house 2"
My parents just said I don't have any true friends, just people who use me. They always make me feel great about myself.
Getting ready for another example of why the shootout is so loved and awesome! # am i right #N H L Jets
Not even a breakout performance by Trent Richardson could have made this game close...
Well I guess Luck is a bust. No Super Bowls and 0-4 against Brady!
Up 30 in the fourth quarter,all of your starters are still in the game, classy Belichick! #NFL #No More # no en g l and
Thank you Indianapolis Colts for such a thrilling AFC final! It made #G Bv S E A look like a Pop Warner game. # why show up
So happy that the Seahawks won. Macklemore must be so proud of his city. He earned this. Congrats.
So who's all ready and excited for Richard Sherman and Marshawn Lynch's #Super Bowl X L I X week interviews?
This economics project is really fun! # said no one ever
I wasn't aware the Chiefs beat both of the Super Bowl teams this year. Seahawks and Patriots. Thanks for pointing that out.
Oh dang. It's 45-7. Bill Bellicheck needs to be suspended for running up the score
A5: Kill them with kindness! # t x e du chat
love these re-tread coaches in the NFL # why p e #Rooney Rule
I love it when people tell me what I need to do...especially when it involves my money.
So... Colts are playing pretty well tonight
So glad Tampa Bay got rid of Blount and Revis... We didn't need them. Not like they would help the team go to the next level # n f l
I wonder who the # Sea hawks are going to face in the superbowl?
When does the Patriots - Colts game start? #N F C Championship
So Andrew Luck and the Indianapolis Andrew Lucks are getting blown out.. That's surprising...
I bet the # Steelers are real happy about cutting Blount now
I just couldn't be happier for one of the good guys in the NFL, LeGarrette Blount...
Can't wait to work a double tomorrow # ya y
Colts aren't going down kicking and screaming. Fire pagano? Get rid of luck? Not the answer?
This game is honestly just too exciting # f u c k t h e p a t s
The # Pat riots are trying to be deceptive? That doesn't sound like them. #I N Dvs N E
Ok, well Demetria even though you're over-the-hill from a pop star ( ), even Phaedra has to admit she can sing! LOL #RHOA
I can't wait for the day when we have to censor everything because people have become so sensitive.  #Deal With It
Does anyone else think that the Patriots are like a flea on a dog? #N Evs I N D # just say in
Now on my to-do list... See Hot-Tub Time Machine, so Hot-Tub Time Machine 2 makes sense when I see it in IMAX.
Test and 2 hw's due tomorrow!
Great tackling from the # Colts defense. . Inability to close up is hurting them on this # Pat riots drive
So sorry if I haven't accepted your Facebook friend request. It's taking me so long to get through all of them.
Off topic - My MIL is watching #RHOA for the first time (great episode !) and asked if Kenya got her butt implanted. Not kidding LOL
Oh I'm Late To Class ? Please , Stare At Me Like I Just Killed Five People
here's to another year pretending that I like people
Wonderful how humble Nfl players are in post match interviews. Only talk about how they worked as a team to win. Lol
Seeing Talib, Blount, Bennett, Wright and Revis these last two weeks makes me really miss Dominik. . # s m h # Bucs
Just a slight difference between that # Pagan o interview and how a # Bel i chick interview would have gone down #A F C Championship
So grasping a jersey into a closed fist is no longer considered holding? Or can only certain ppl get out of the penalty? # bad call
I can see they're definitely using the best refs for this game
I guess grabbing the receivers hips isn't pass interference. Learn something new everyday
You know what would totally catch them off guard? Brady QB draw?
Was there a football game or something today?
Glad to see the Jamaica-US U20 game being played on a high quality surface.
What's limit up in # corn ?! x2
Great to see such a great guy like LaGarret Blount having so much success. # bad guy
Gotta love gossip. Idk why people feel the need to talk about other people's business like they went through the experience them.
Glad to see John Kerry h a s priorities  .Sad to see he didn't bring James Taylor
Turned it back from the fights and oh what a surprise the Pats R winning  #No Upset N F L
Isn't it odd that media criticizes NJ Gov for being at Cowboys game but SS John Kerry is at NE game. World probs take back seat.
chicken & gravy w / rice or potatoes , idfk , i hate this part #Perks Of Being Indecisive
It's refreshing to know that even in a sweatshirt, jeans, and sneakers, I'll still get honked at and cat called.
I love being ignored, it's my absolute fav.
Andrew Luck appear s to throw an uncatchable ball. # s tone h and s
It's so helpful when people tell you "don't get mad" or "get over it!" Wow that's so simple! Why didn't I think of that?
Knackered but totally wired, tonight could be fun
I didn't catch the game. Who's going to the Super Bowl?
Oh, are the Seahawks in the super bowl? I didn't know.... # sea hawks # i don t watch football
I love having nothing to do ..
Well. Glad we came to play today.
I luv not even having conversations :-)
Altho do love how all these seahawks fans have come from nowhere..where were u when got routed wk in wk out while in AFC West ;)
That last tweet was . Learned in middle school.
Aaaaand just a little wide there
That football game just confirms that the CFL is way more entertaining. # point for failing
Wow. What a new concept for a TV show! The Odd Couple. I'm kinda stunned nobody ever thought of a comedy program like this before!
Blount is seriously lacking in "culture".  #I N Dvs N E
Super glad the refs aren't being favorable to the Patriots so far.  #N Evs I N D
So I assume Seahawks won. Thanks for letting me know...my followers.
Back to back missed calls go Pats way??? Shocked.  #N Evs I N D
Lush weather we had today... # b r it is h # weather
That got things off to a good start, well done Colts.
Already can't wait for Lynch and Sherman at media day. # no thanks
Does anyone know if there is a football game on tonight?
Colts and Pats...thank you AFC for giving us a matchup we don't get too often.
The real winner? # Ski tt les for buying time for a Super Bowl ad. # Kinda
If # Pat riots win, we'll have the two smuggest coaches going against each other. That'd be so swell. #I N Dvs N E
Thankfully York mutually agreed Harbaugh out the door or the 49ers would never have a chance of beating Seattle.
I'm gonna fucking hear this all week. Nice
If Hezbollah retaliates to Israel’s raid, this will be the first war to have a twitter Hashtag before it begun.
So pumped my mom is having a jewelry party during the football games
What a dream matchup of such likeable coaches Belicheck vs Carroll in the Super Bowl. Please Indy don't stand in the way ;)
Good news the Pats lost already.
I guess Aaron Rodgers now has to console himself in the arms of Olivia Munn. Poor guy. #Seahawksvs Packers
Well team Obamacare is in the Superbowl
- the use of irony to mock or portray contempt #English Only Please
Solid start to the new semester
The real shame here is that there's no late controversial overturned penalty/ruling to talk about for a third straight week.
I knew God had money on the Seahawks. #Russell Wilson
I'm glad God allowed Seattle to win. See Packers? God hates you!!!
On the bright side, Africa is going to receive a nice package with "Green Bay NFC Champions 2015"
I can't for Richard Sherman to show his class by calling Jordy Nelson mediocre. #G Bv S E A
# Review that catch! Did the ball move??? Did he complete the process???
It's not how you start. It's how you finish. Russel Wilson is the best qb to ever play the game.  #whatmediawillsaythisweek
It's not a catch  #G Bvs S E A #N F C Championship
Cant wait to hear about how great Russell Wilson is and how the 12th man is actually a thing
I CANNOT BELIEVE THAT SH*T #G Bvs S E A Sorry Packer Bros
Oh lovely...cuz I so wanted to see Seattle win
Gee, I did not expect that.
I'm not sure he had possession there. # Maybe
Buffalo Wild Wings on a Sunday. Yay. I love people so much... # football #holy Jesusitsloud
Time for the best overtime rules in Football.
I was really hoping this game would end up being a little closer.  #N F C Championship
The early field goals gave Mason Crosby the confidence to make that one #G Bv S E A
THIS GAME HAS MORE DRAMA THAN ALL THE TWILIGHT MOVIES PUT TOGETHER  #12th Man
Wilson get Seahawks into fg range in 19 sec. No question he should be mvp #NFL
I knew this GB-SEA game would be boring.
Thakn you facebook for notifying me that my roommate is nearby. Its some valuable info.
It's crazy how creative kids shows are
Wow this is crazy! Richard Sherman playing with one arm and Aaron Rodgers playing with one leg!! # M a d n e s s
Way to go Green Bay.  #N F L Playoffs #G Bvs S E A
Isn't it nice how the OUAT cast is "terrified" to openly support/prefer a ship b/c of the "fans" that bully them if they do?
When did Braylon Edwards join the Packers? And who put him out there for the onside kick?
Garrett would have gone on 4th and goal... # just saying
Nothing like Peyton Manning singing during the 2 minute warning.
It's too bad this game has been so uneventful. #G Bvs S E A
Good thing Seahawks haven't run much if that today  #N F C Championship
Russell Wilson most definitely needs to be the highest paid quarterback
Wow I absolutely Looove my allergies they just let me breath so well and I can't forget the sneezing.
And it should end with the Pack playing a TERRIBLE offensive game and making the SB, which everyone knew would happen today
I know the reason why Wilson is playing bad...he wore his hat backwards during an interview. Elite QBs don't do that.  #G Bvs S E A
A big thank you to asshole boys who hit the on the doors, letting all the cold air in with their swaggy clothes and cigarettes.
Russell Wilson has to do a better job making sure his WR caught that pass.
I would take Russell Wilson over Andrew Luck any day.
What is this #G Bvs S E A game interrupting my commercial watching? I NEED more Game of War ads.
literally perfect timing for me to get sick
Pretty smart of # sea hawks here to run so much clock, since they are only down by 12 points with under 8 minutes to go. #G Bvs S E A
Good Morning WORLD! I'm Ready To Be Disappointed. :( # G rump y
Nothing like a bad redhead joke to go with your auto parts purchase.
This weekend has been a blast of doing nothing but piles of homework and hours of cheerleading.
Jordy and Richard Sherman have very similar personalities. .
Jonas Gray is playing?! Oh my! 200 yards and 4 TDs coming right up! ?
I've been in bed all day and I love every minute of it.
Oh wait, but there's no real value in analytics. Sorry, I forgot.
goOdnight i can't wait to go back to school tomorrow!
Off to Doctors again this morning… How unusual # Bo ring
Jon Ryan is better than Russell Wilson. #N F L Playoffs # kind a
K 3rd and 19 & what did we do? Oh yeah. Nothing. Nice calls. # u g h
Women aren't supposed to argue. We're all here to make babies and suck dickz.
Literally love revising!!! Exams are my favourite :) # bored # e x a m s
"if Jesus says something, you don't have to do it you just have to memorize it" - Francis Chan # c rue pi center 2015 # B r and e is
Oh so I guess going for it on 4th down works every single time? Was not aware of that fact. I rescind my earlier statement...
He might be a better QB than Wilson
Nice job in the booth on the fake, FOX Sports.  #NFL
No pressure on Wilson led to that. Nice call, Capers. #G Bvs S E A # Packers
Rushing 3 and playing off coverage is always a good idea.  #G Bvs S E A
So...whinners are building a staff with HC Tomsula DC Tarver & OC Kiffin? NFL should be scared!!!
Erin Andrews is a sports expert. #N F C Championship
I do enjoy our heating coming on and going off when it feels like
Nice to see McCarthy's "run run pass" offense making a return.  #G Bvs S E A
Color me shocked if the Cardinals don't actually make a major move.  #S T L Cards
I would love to try and tackle Marshawn Lynch
I left my helmet in the ski lodge today so my outlook for finals is promising
This game proves that Russell Wilson is not a clutch quarterback, and read option qbs won't ever win Super Bowls.
I'm glad the Seahawks showed up for this game
Every Sunday I get to have the best time of my life by spending most of my day off texting.
Fox’s in-game promos for “Backstrom” are SEAMLESS!
Oh my god. Like, I hate Seattle so much
This is when the Seahawks are going to regret getting rid of Matt Flynn # or is it
Yeah, Russell Wilson is a top 10 QB
Gee. #Russell Wilson must be too old and all washed up in this league. Guess he just needs to retire. # Broncos #PFM #The Sheriff
I love being looked at like the bad guy.
It's not good when you have 3 times as many INTs as completions right?  #Russell Wilson #S E Avs G B
Krause clearly caught that TD pass. What is wrong with these refs? Lol
Wait, Russell Wilson isn't amazing enough to carry the team when the defense & run game aren't on point? Shocker.
Wilson cant handle the big game
So glad I have all you in my life. # j k # who ?
Personal foul - hard block. Don't you know it's illegal to block or hit someone too hard in the NFL?
Impressive QB rtgs Rodgers 51.5 Wilson 0.0 # n f l # n f c champion sip
Another glorious day of working in hospitality!
I'm sick... BUT at least this doctors office is playing the entire 80's power ballad anthology....
Today is gonna be a great day.
Wow. Rodgers and Wilson with multiple picks. But they don't turn the ball over?  #N F C Championship #G Bvs S E A
Wilson with two interceptions before a completed pass. He must be the worst QB of all time. What a chump. #G Bvs S E A
So glad the Lions drafted Ebron in the 1st this year. Who needs a star DB like Clinton-Dix?
Leggo Seattle!  lol I love this
I don't know what hashtags are even for I just usually use them to set the tone of the tweet # n o t s r s # s r s # annoying # chocolate
Wow that 12th man is really helping the team today....  #G Bvs S E A
The Packers clearly need a HC that's aggressive.
Man, these discount double check commercials just get deeper and deeper. I can't wait for the next one! # enough is enough
Suddenly things seem a little quieter in Seattle... good news is you have the greatest qb on your team
After scrambling to make that play, Rodgers looks like his ankle is killing him....
Of course we knew the Packers would be up 13-0. #G Bvs S E A
Seattle DB gets away with grabbing a Face mask, haven't seen that one before.  #G Bvs S E A
That was a sick wrap up and tackle by Sherman on that Lacy run
Jury still out if # Texans should have picked Carr or Peppers with the first pick.
Oh, poor Doug Baldwin. He was so sad on the sideline after he fumbled. I feel so sorry for him.
2 turnovers... 6 points.... that's how you win the game. #N F C Championship # a r b ys manager
Wow, Sherman just got denied on a hi-five from entire team...that's brutal.  #N F L Playoffs
Well this week is shaping up to be as good as last week...
I like how you can never tell who Joe Buck is rooting for.
Recipe for winning at Seattle, kicking the FG when at the 1 yd line.
Oh that was  for some of you
I enjoy nothing more than watching Guy Fieri shovel food into his mouth.
Met some Thugs lastnight. They said they were from the Hood in Waldorf. They were really gangster  #Notso Thuglife
Does Seattle have a nickname for the crowd? If so, I wish the announcers would mention it more.
Clinton-Dix would have looked horrible in a #Detroit Lions jersey.
White girls before you get a new hair style make sure to ask black women's permission...k
This game is off to a great start  #G Bvs S E A
We wonder if Richard Sherman will be talking much smack after that pick in the endzone?
Great just what the world needed a Richard Sherman interception.
I really just love when Bryan calls himself Daddy
3rd & 1 HB draw... Why would any team run that? Never works. #Fire Haley
S/O to all the people who haven't watched a single football game until now. You MFs are true fans!
Nothin like the 12th man in Seattle
I love teachers who say they hate wasting paper so they will put all handouts and homework on blackboard. Oh but they don't.
Jeez, this Alan Carr lookalike on #The Hotel is a right laugh and also seems very interesting
Nothing like getting up at 3pm EST to tell that last night release was a rousing success.  #SDLC.
Isn't there something on telly involving men in tight pants?  Go Packers.
Great sets down the stretch here Groce.
Aaron Rodgers quoting the princess Bride? Yeah, he's not gay!
With all the success of # s t and your ground in Florida, very pleased to see Ohio pass it. #WTF
Thanks to whichever one of my co-workers hacked my phone and made my ring tone Anaconda by Nicki Minaj.
It was nice of Alexandre Desplat to let Jóhann Jóhannsson take the credit for "The Theory Of Everything," really.
I may have to start an # A n o n y m o us account for youth pastors there don't seem be any. #parentssaystupidthingsIcan'trepeat
If you're not black you are not allowed to exceed in black culture...we feel threatened and opressed.
Well that was a perfect way to start my morning.
My pick in guys is on point jk doe
is Like Electricity Half of INDIA dose'nt Get it !! See.... u still Dont Get it .
Being forced to socialize, SO FUN!!
Matt Dawson is such a lovely person # not
So the neighbour is playing super good music , it's putting me to sleep # music # putting to sleep
Whats better than wanting new music and being to cheap to buy it.. # cheap # oops # music
Amberose is appropriating cancer. She doesn't have cancer she shouldn't shave her head bald...
Eric Holder admits label "War on Terror" He said "war" and "terrorists" We've come a long way from "Overseas Contingency Operation"
I love being stood up, it's my absolute favorite.
It's exciting to not get to watch the playoffs. # work p robs
I’m taking care of my procrastination problems, you just wait and see.
Another slow start for the Rangers. 26 seconds into the start of a game for Nash to score is not acceptable. #NYR
wow i feel so loved by you # f u
Gary Neville said the home fans have left early. Absolute quality fans them
Shazia Ilmi is not fighting elections. Vinod Kumar Binny is. Kiran Bedi is. God has blessed BJP with these stalwarts.
Yes, please play your music out loud for everyone to hear #The Bus Diaries  #O C Transpo Problems
Maybe the Whitecaps have bought TFC?
Love coming home to a happy house
SLEEP IS FOR THE WEAK  #Legit Tired A F #Red Cordial
I didn't know it's just so hard for people that live 2 streets away from each other to see one another. It's such drive
it's 18.30 on a Sunday, and one of my flatmates has decided now is a great time to defrost the freezer. brilliant.
Anyone know if Rodgers calf is still hurt? No one ever talks about it....
If your snapchat story isn't 100+ seconds long, did you really turn up?
White ppl not allowed to watch BET cuz dass a appropriation of black culture.....
I think if there is (should nt happn) any terrorist attacks on 26th Jan They will blame KT only!  #Stop Targeting Karishma
Apparently there's a saint in my family! I had NO idea! # sub t we et
We have made clear to you Our commandments, if you will understand.’’... I just LOVE how disbelievers are portrayed in the Quran!
I have a feeling the rest of my Sunday is gonna be fun.
Ohmaigod i have to freak out too! donghae like leeteuk & beatburger's pics. Ohmaigod i cant. # k b a i
Yep. Just smother me, that'll make me like you more # back t f up
When he doesn't reply... Best feeling..
#A C Milan lost today because Mr. Milan # M o n t o l i v o was substituted
West Ham got song, villa got cleverly and Richardson # bargain
Waking up to seeing that your dog made a mess in the house >>>>>>
We have such a great record against the big teams recently, can't see nothing other than an Arsenal win.. # l ol
Can't go to church so I guess I'll have to settle for Judah Smith.
NOOOO!!! How will #A C Milan manage without Mr. Milan !?!? # M o n t o l i v o #Milan Atalanta
Mr Milan # M o n t o l i v o will make sure that #A C Milan will get 3 points today #Milan Atalanta
Yea those tweets on my timehop are exactly what I needed to see today..
Fantastic free-kick by Mr Milan # M o n t o l i v o #Milan Atalanta
I'm making all KINDS of great timing decisions this morning.
I'm going to go out on a limb here and say it's Sunday.....?
That's cool, I didn't want to watch the packer game anyways  #Thanks Delona
I love spending Sunday afternoons in the office marking exam scripts # s l a c k e r d em i a
# Game r gate and ISIS : Before chopping off the head of journos, ISIS demand disclosure note concerning coverage ethics
the most orignal twitter account i ever confronted :P
"Anda nak cantik? Nak putih?". Yeap great message you're spreading tonight.
Money wouldn't be inside your pocket when you die. However you die if you don't have a money. # awry # awful # fate # pattern
Sitting amidst the splendor that is Marsh Harbour International Airport.  #nicebuildingstupidstaff
Interestingly Hernandez has enjoyed a lot more first team football at Real Madrid # bench warmer
Just got the most friendly message ever on personal Facebook.... And than to think I'm the one with mental issues # s m h
is the best way to express our # feelings . #Sarcastic Tweet
Yay i am back at work tomorrow.
Black ice is the best thing to wake up to ever!
So the # d c f c fan that attacked Wilson yesterday said he was actually trying to remove Chris Martin from Wilson's back pocket # n f f c
Finishing the #24 hr challenge with Antigone. Nothing like a little comedy when you've not slept
I need a hug..e pizza. # Funny # P i z z a # l ol
I did learn that being flirtatious sent the wrong message cause apparently flirting and sex are the same thing
Not everyone you lose is a loss... Unless it's me, then you just messed up. # K bye # Lo l # Funny
I will ignore you so hard,that you will start to doubt your own existence. # bored # thought of the day # thought # love o
Because GOD FORBID there be an ethnicity without the highest standards of human culture to aspire to, that being Disney Princesses
So I got back from Halifax last night almost 3 hours late with a cold, woke up this morning still sick. Good times...
I wonder how Gayle and Smith will go about this?  #S Avs W I
You'd have to say AB De Villiers is a disappointing cricketer....I mean he's tossed that one in. Selfish acts of aggression.....
Shit from AB, couldn't even finish the job. # utter class
What's left of #Je Suis Charlie: Posing with the #Charlie Hebdo magazine for the media and selling it for profit on eBay. # Po lit i k
Mums for a family meal. Im really lookin forward to my nan telling me all about her new cabinet, how fuckin fascinating # need a drink
I find it amusing how "feminists" struggle and insist to be acknowledged and "noticed" by "sexist men"  #Only A Real Feministwould Get It
Is Thierry Henry working for sky, you'd have thought they would make a big deal about it ! # must have passed me by
Clearly the West Indies selectors were spot on. There is no way Bravo and Pollard would improve this team  #S Av W I
*Sighs* I stayed up all night jerking off and I have yet to cum. Greeeat.
Thanks everyone who tells Twitter or FB whenever it starts snowing.I don't have windows in my house & would never know otherwise.
This whole "insomnia" thing? I kind of hate it.  #I Hate It S O M U C H
Great insomnia story on my snapchat. Pure gold.
Great, not even 6 am yet and im already pouring tears
Maybe I did that for my health.
No work, I'm not totally exhausted from my 2 back to back night shifts and I'd totally love to come in and work 12 more hours.....
I love going to IKEA & not getting anything
But what does a little law like that matter? We have people breaking "bigger" laws everyday.
Seems like it would be an easy adjustment # things de vs like to hear
OMG SCHOOL DAY AFTER TOMORROW IM SO EXCITED
Early book in cause Sunday's don't matter.
If 'muuaah' is a Kiss..:* Then 'Kalmuuaah' is promise to kiss tomorrow...!!  #Life Itself
What is life? . . . . . It is an indefinite interval between BCG and Flat ECG. #Life Itself
Philosophy is like alcohol. The more you drink the more blabbering comes out. ?
Another game without a goal. I feel sorry for Chelsea, having to come to the fortress that is Villa Park. #Mighty Villa
A busted knee and a busted ankle is setting up the final week of school holidays quite nicely.
I love how it's going be hot the week I go back to school from break
Oh, hey, another Ebola case in Texas, # awesome
Ahhh the sundowners, how ive missed you.
# Music as # art Wow what a new concept? #SNL Welcome to new # B j or k #Still Interesting though
Working 2 days in a row over 12 hours a day, yippee
Hahaha all my malay teachers confirm proud of me sia. .
I love going to bed by myself.
Wow, thank god i didnt need more than 3 hours sleep hey??!!
I don't think I've ever seen a Ducks-Kings game go to OT
Thank you, neighbors, for being so considerate. I'm so glad your music is loud enough that I don't need to play any. #Eye Roll
Spent my evening finishing my first hand made quilt top! My life is so exciting!  #Not Domestic
Andrew Wiggins had 31 points and 9 rebounds tonight. Sure glad we traded him. # C a vs #NBA
Sleeping in the Armory was exactly what I wanted to do after the win tonight.
raging headaches are my absolute favourite
I don't know why people who are interested in music preferred to play Guitar or Piano rather Tabla.. #Chetan Raj #to Impress
Having so much fun can't believe how much fun I'm having like omg what is life.
oh boy thanks for pointing out my flaws!!!!!! didn't notice them!!!! good thing you told me cause I never would've known.
This week couldn't get any better if it tried
Way to target the right audience hulu. I for sure want to watch new episodes of the Bachelor
#SNL sucks so at least they bring it with musical guests.
People b lyk gurrll I c yur posts on social networking ....Oohh Yu shud b awarded then # w i e r d people # d o n g i v a f u k
Goodie, now I can't sleep. Thanks nature, for your tiny demon spawns we call bed bugs.
Run across the street in a badly lit area, while it's raining, wearing all black. Great idea!
What’s even better than insomnia? …being awakened by rude neighbors. # bitch mode
I love slowly dieing in the comfort of my own home
To the person upstairs, thanks for being so light on your feet at 4.30am
I hate to think about all those people leaving Bud Walton Arena so disappointed.
the writing on #SNL hasn't been this good since 1975 # sat u r day night live #notreadyforanytimeplayers #Kevin Hart # john be lush i rolls over
Just played Gamester FC. Went afk down 3-0 with 4 legends and a TOTY. Class act from a big time twitch guy
Oh no... I forgot to watch # Whitney ...
I like when people retweet people who inflate their ego.
Anyone know how David Clarkson's doing in Toronto? Leafs media never mentions it.
Way to go Leafs. You're totally proving it was the ex-coaches fault.
Well, trying OKC again because that worked so well last time.
Watta invention .....samsung is great ...galaxy note is worlds best # l ol # third class samsung
I love when people just don't respond to me
#Dateline N B C, Huh! Maybe jury confused by all the "HooHoes" Levi had! Anyone of them coulda done it!
I cant wait to get a gf...not cuz I really want one...I just wanna revolve my life around her like all my friends do
Christ on a Bike... It's Summer & another Shark sighting  And the media are total Fucktards over it
I just love helping you get farther away from me... It makes me feel so much better about myself...
Just noticed Zucker is kind of fast. # m n wild
'Swag swag swag on you?' Wow, what a lyrics!!
awww hannah & her friend are screaming taylor swift songs, how lovely # go to bed # past your bedtime
Sometimes I wish I was cool enough to wear a baseball cap backwards and let my luxuriant beard flow towards the floor. # dreams
Saturday night and I'm about to walk in Club Gym for a work out... So much fun. :-/ #No Social Life # adulthood
Hey Is everyone at super cross?
I love it how some people try and act better than everybody else!!
Just love getting blatantly ignored by you. Makes my fucking day. Yea, we're definitely talking tonight. # upset # irritated # thanks
Another loss made by the Leafs! Yay!  #Not Really
Therrien sucks though....they should fire him.... # H a b s
Super happy Bulls kept Hinrich instead of Korver. Makes so much sense. # hustle
Nothing like a 10 hour shift at work to make you just love life. # why #Im Not Even A Bartender
I love when couple make it awkward I the gym by licking each other's faces.. # g t f o # gym
Someone tell the # L e a f s , that black disc is called a puck. Object of game is to shoot said puck into opposition net. #T M Ltalk
I have the most amount of friends
My life is so amazing... Omg it couldn't get any better, I'm convinced !
There's a lot of fans at the # Oilers # P ant hers game.
Poor Bobby can't stand being a one hit wonder lol # Whitney
I'm at a wedding. See I'm missing a good one. # is les
Come on NBA Seattle fans. Be "patient". It's only been 7 years!
The boo birds have sounded off in Chicago. But Atlanta's fans are just the worst.
I just love when people park in my grass when there are 3 parking spots open
Preachers daughters though? what's the point. To show that preachers daughters struggle too? # shocker
do a photo shoot once in your life and be sure to post a picture from it for every #TBT you do so people think you model
As far as I am concerned if a war breaks out I just have to hide under a big cerafit fusion and I will survive
Dave Nonis wants Mike Richards? Dave Nonis is a genius.
The # L e a f s haven't scored tonight. How the hell is that possible??
I love playing new games with people who skim the rules and then try to play. # i m being a bitch
Went to the store today and they were all out of fresh fucks, so I can't give you one.
Yes, Times Square performers. I DO want to hear amazing grace on bagpipes. How did you know?!?
Almost got hit by a Jimmy John's driver while crossing the road. So glad they pay attention. # pay attention
Caturday night sitting in front of the tv # time of my life
Thanks for being there for me.
Just got the proverbial carpet pulled out from underneath me today....... # thanks
There's absolutely no bad blood between Minnesota's and Wisconsin's hockey clubs.  #B1 Ghockey
Auger run over. No call. Shocked.
Great softcore porn scene with bobby 20mins in...on a movie about a music legend. Awesome  yet so unnecessary. #Whitney Movie
Another dead black star that Hollywood needs to make some money off of. Because everyone loved that Aaliyah film...
A Jordan Caron sighting. The night is complete. # B ruins
Listening to # arcade fire and reading #D H Lawrence. You can't get more hipster that that /
Time for my favorite: People in Blackhawks jerseys at the Wolves game, wishing for the Icehogs to lose.  SMH.
Seriously, not talking to you all day has been great # j k
love havin a phone that doesn't receive phone calls, freezes all the time, and sometimes wont even turn on # real helpful # obviously
Wait, Thomas Mulcair isn't perfect? But my classmates told me he was perfect. # n ash 77
Two nose bleeds in a day. What a great day.
#Amber Rose is yet another great example for our female youth.
I like making lists and almost finishing them
Maybe it's cause we got rid of John Scott...
My life just gets better each day
yipee I'm jumping for joy can you just feel my excitement woohoo
My son had 4 points, had 1 rebound, and 1 steal in his 4-6 year old league. Need a recruiting company that can get looks.
Ahhh the joys of not being able to finish sex...
Woah everyone needs to calm down and give it a break at texting me! I'm only one person . # just kidding
Love that part when Bruno Mars says "Don't believe me, just watch". Incredible lyrics. Never gets old.
I'm watching Bella and the Bulldogs tonight cause I need another show to fall in love with/Keep track of.
Photo taking fun! Headshots for daughter..the 'fun' in this sentence is  at it's best. The real fun comes at choosing and editing ;)
Don't you just love when people make plans for you without your approval?????
I'm shocked that our coaching staff made bad decisions with where to play Chick!
Love it when my kid talks to his video games :/ #Watch Dogs # X box
Must have been a poor season for goals if that was the best #MOTD. Bet it made up for the cup final miss
Insomnia is my favourite thing  #Hating Life #Need Sleep
My last tweet was only slightly sarcastic. This tweet is incredibly sarcastic.
Red Hair - Checked Piercing - Checked Tattoo - Checked What else is missing so I can be a deliquent?
Do we think the "Go Broncos" meant Obama landed? When Harsin said "B the Best" B must stand for Barack
Not talking is really going to fix things! # real nice
Thank you so much for your unwavering concern...
I love when we play 3 point guards at the same time
This has turned out to be a great day
Other half bought me a tub of 300 kirbygrips... "Do you want them, or should I just drop them on the floor & Hoover them up now?"
Oh no!! Will Smith has just said "negroes" in "Bad Boys" why did they not bleep it out!!?  #CBB
Don't ya just love people who interact with you just when it benefits them the most?
Looks very cold out, would love to be out embracing the cold on a night out not enjoying my warm bed
Yay I get to be stuck at home tonight on a Saturday night with nothing to do. # u g h
So millions of Americans need to suffer just so the plaintiffs in # k i n g v b u r well can go on living as rugged individualists. Got it.
About to go see American Sniper by myself tn cuz I'm cool like that
There we go guys our whole 5 seconds of zax, until next week then..... # casualty # wt f #Sort It Out
We hurt the one's we love to hurt # six words plus one
60 degrees 30 mph wind in January. You couldn't write a better script for deer hunting than that right there.
Syracuse really brought their A game today
With the wrestling and two bball wins over O$U, those Buckeyes better be glad they never played the Hawks in football!
God I miss facebook. . . I wonder what everyone had for tea or is watching on tv # m o n g s # b o r i n g c u n t s
If a gym selfie doesn't get posted did you even go? # living millennia l # millennia l
25% # swearing 25% 50% a combination of both
I think I'll watch "Girls" re-runs instead of football this weekend.
Today started great and is just getting better and better
Doing a lil shopping... It appears that blue is this season's "in" color... Oh YAY - my favorite!!
Side note: I really love hospitals.
Ohh boy i've had so much fun the last two days, writing an exan on the Iran-Contra affair # Us history #US # p l sl et sun day be more fun
Today just keeps getting worse and I love it.
Well thank you again for the company!
that was some great reffing there .
I just love rude people. Seriously my favorite.
Now that OSU football is over with, everyone gets to sit back and enjoy the wonderful OSU basketball team.
can't wait to go to college with my undecided major
2 goals scored, 3 points, no goals conceded, we were awful  #MUFC
# c hr is f o y was ref today !!!! Not like him to dis allow a perfectly good 'GOAL' for thfc
Standing in the longest line at the passport office is the BEST way to spend a Saturday afternoon.
God I just want more tests to take this week!! # not complain in g
It only took one month and three phone calls totaling 4 hours to get the TV to work at my new place. Thanks # C o m cast .....
Rappers to look out for in 2015: Thwaglord & Breezy Bernanke
Only thing # F al cons have mastered in recent yrs is dinking & dunking. Yep, that’s got Super Bowl written all over it.
Id just like to take the time to thank everyone who shares the meals they have on their diet.  #showmerealfoodordontshowmeanything
So I have still yet to win at #Trivia Crack feelin pretty great about that stat
Wow. You lot are a lively bunch, aren't you?
Wait. I can do this in ounces. I'm a fucking genius.
the ability to insult idiots without them realizing it.
but obviously all those profits are from fools who havent realised lumping on weekly accumulators of favourites is super profitable
Got maybe 1 hour of sleep. Work is going to be so much fun.
My life never fails to crack me up! # whatever
My sister bought Sims 3 for PC. Now you have to install through a program called Origin, which keeps having errors. # so much easier
Is everything expensive or am i just broke?...i can't even afford buyng a gf
Rant #1 Extremely Stupid Questions # laugh # questions # ran t # social , # society # stupid # stupid questions # funny
That was some save by Fonte
Out of looking for Southampton, Man Utd, Spurs and even Liverpool to drop points, this weekend has gone swimmingly well
I love when I take a nap and 5 million people decide to text me
Shane Battier not in studio today. I'm very upset. I was looking forward to his analysis. #ESPN
Just did a session to eliminate a fear of the dentist. Too bad there's not a bigger market for that one. # den top hob i a
A rock covered in liquid spinning around a burning rock. Wow. Big fucking deal. # boring solar system
LOL!I heard the Super Eagles were playing against Yemen.So I asked which local club was that,then someone said Yemen is a country.
Yea ok. Good thing I don't need you right now or anything
Nothin like spending a Saturday in HCO watching middle school wrestling...
All these great games, but SEC Basketball isn't relevant...Right? #S E C Hoops
So far my day has been sooooo good
#Oscars So White I think Oscars should adopt the #NFL # r o one y rule & mandate 1 black actor be nominated 4 each award or face a fine.
Such a gorgeous day to be headed to the skills lab for check offs
Did they foul Montrezl? Ref, are you sure?
It's really quite pleasant out..... As I drive w/heated seats and steering wheel from grocery store to grocery store....
Today sure is turning out to be a great one... # not
I particularly like it when everyone lets me know how their accumulators went.
Ref & linesman did so well in the Equatorial Guinea & Congo game! Not a wrong decision in the game! #Africa Cup Of Nations
is an insult made to make you laugh get mad or as I would say scratch your ass and get glad.
Losing ones phone always make a con SO much better!  #FC2015
My kurig (kerig? Idk) wasn't working this morning and I'm walking around like a zombie. Life is just way too hard. # kind a
RT Regularmail: Files are being sold more than the exercise books in the bookshops despite January. # l k a #Sri Lanka #Pres Poll S L #...
Files are being sold more than the exercise books in the bookshops despite January. # l k a #Sri Lanka #Pres Poll S L # corrupt ions
Glad I'm swimming so well my times are so good yay!!! # o u c h
I guess I'm not grateful for what I have.
Pardews won two in a row, he must be a good manager # n u f c # par dew in
Well those league one results went well
is the only peaceful solution to stupid questions.
I can't get the Duke vs Louisville game on t.v.! Seriously? At least I can get Marshall vs Florida Atlantic at 5:30. # duke
Ah… the weekend! It's so nice to just sleep in, relax, and enjoy the peaceful serenity around me. # kids
We've still lost our identity though! # Wilson # youth
Oh great, Dick Vitale is commentating, how exciting...  #GOCARDS
I see rowan vine still banging them. #wellingsconsolationgoal
How much energy do you really need to jump to conclusions!
The joys of having two Great Danes is that your clothes are dirty the moment you put them on.
Splendid refereeing!  Thankfully, it's just a friendly...
On my way to visit my folks, it’s been a while… Like a 2 weeks.  #No Body Cares
"Your console can't connect to Xbox live" - Well, that's new. # x box live down
Can't think of anything more fun than going to Verizon on a Saturday so my daughter can get a new phone! (ICYMI that there is )
I say we need to file a Class Action Lawsuit against the NBA for not having enough white players! B|  #Al Sharpton #Stop The Racism
LVG should play Johhny evans as a midfielder also beside wayne Rooney
Yay, my dish washer just broke. Woo.
Math prep, Chem prep, ELA practice tests #Best Day Ever
I feel awesome on 4 hrs of sleep
Fellani in for Mata. That should solve everything.
Been up since 430.. gonna be a lovely day
"Threatening violence is a great way to drive home the point that you're secure in your medieval beliefs." - Bill Maher
Family went to the Fun Spot. They don't have wheelchairs, so I'm stuck sitting by the pool enjoying the quiet. Bummer for me.
If only we had a creative midfielder...... #AVFC he's been playing a blinder on the bench #FFS # F rust rated
let's hope for some cleverley magic to get us back in it # a v f c
Delighted I took the fantasy league captaincy off Diego Costa today
Life without bony is starting brilliantly # S w a n s
A supreme leader is needed to implement the wishes of the supreme being as understood by said supreme leader. # t h e o c racy
3 A.M phone call "Hey, are you asleep?" "No, I'm skydiving"
A life without  is a life I'm not willing live ꒰ღ˘◡˘ற꒱✯*･:.｡
Leeds united are a quality outfit.
Goodnight pipols! Catch up in dream land.
So far, my days been great!
"Is he hormonal or something" "No he's not hormonal, he's just psychotic" Ste # b a e # quote
3 stages of life in # India . *Birth *Log Kya Kahenge *Death # Funny # H in di # l ol
Danny Mills was right about Pearce not being a great motivator..... # n f f c # coy r
I think it's great that Africa is constantly having a light shined on its innovative dance moves...
I really appreciate your faith in me guys... Thanks.
Do you know what I LOVE? Going through security twice on a Saturday morning after an hour long flight delay! # at least i had coffee
Don't you just love the British weather!
My iphone cord just got so hot it melted? This is exactly what i needed to make my day better.
You can't be my friend; until & unless you understand my .
Nothing beats waking up at 6:30 coughing
nothing I miss more than the smell of a pig barn.
Makes even more sense that we called NYD game off now, if its called off today! 5 games behind will really help the promotion bid
Body this is NOT the time. I have revision to do and an exam on Wednesday. # stomach cramps # great
P.s. it's a sheet of ice outside. Thank God the floor caught. # hard out # here for a bitch # can i go back to bed ?
Know whats even better then being sick?Having a spider drop on You while your having a coughing fit, sitting on the commode.
Things I Hate: 1. Facebook mentions
This is even more horrific than usual. Still, at least there's no early PL game, so everyone can watch
Favorite thing to do no.364: wake up early on day off
No child is worth 111 wins. # Pater no 409 #Shower Thoughts
I don't care what anyone says if SCP was manager today and Bradley Pritchard was on the wing we'd win 3-0 # c a f c # fact # r ol and the rat
I love waking up at 4am... Ain't nothing better! # I love sleep
"There's a problem with the bus but imma try and fix it" - Go bus driver. That doesn't worry me at all # no p e # got places to be
I love it when I have a day to sleep in and I wake up at 6am.
Kid1 was up before 6am. This is going to be a banner day. # p a r e n t i n g w o e s
Working 8 hours on a saturday? Sure, there isn't anything else I'd rather be doing.
Okay insomnia you win this one... Not like I had a lot to do today anyhow...
Love waking up at 4am on a weekend. Can you smell the ?
heading to sheffield in this snow is gonna be so much fun ...
So, £144 for a train from Milton Keynes to Lincoln seems like fair fare, right?
Well that's odd. Me still not able to fall asleep...
Suso lfc great you will be missed  get a grip off yourselfs if was he good enough he'd have had a chance last couple off years!
How goods juric been that half wow he is everything they hype him up to be jeez europe some1 sign him
I love how my mom turns "I was thinking of cleaning tomorrow" into "clean all of the things or else."
Watching the puppy scaring himself with his reflection. Such a clever mutt. # its amusing at least # pup pies
So happy I'm at work today
looking forward to work today -.-
I get to spend 4 hours in the same play gym today for 2 little people's party's...Great!
Hectic gym session! Now cleaning?! The best day ever! # need a beer
It's so nice how life is right now
In other news, last week a criminal could have stabbed me, but he only took my phone. That man deserves my respect.
Sooooooo getting held up by gun point was interesting. Thanks PDX police, you know how to make a guy feel safe.
Tonight was one big round of applause
Just once I'd like to see a movie about a hapless, misunderstood loser winning the heart of a barely-defined caricature of a woman.
would love to seen Mark Waugh play t20. sounds like he was the best player to ever play the game.  critical about everything! #BBL04
I hate it when people see me in the supermarket and ask me" what are you doing here?" I'm like uh hunting Elephants
The next few months of my life will be nothing but excitement....
"MSG Row: 9 Censor Board Members Quit After Chief's Resignation" It seems everyone is in "Bhagoda" mode
It makes me feel so much better when you don't even say it anymore. # he rest he end
Was American Sniper good? # all overt wit t e r # cant wait to see it
There is nothing more fun than a Friday Indian potluck
Since they said K-Pop is sinful so I decided to listen to K-Indie
Retcon, Cause if there's anyway to avoid mistakes in the future, it's pretending the mistakes of the past never happened
If I could fuck up 1 more thing in my life, that would be great. # screwed #What Am I Doing
This malibu & sprite tho .. woo
I love helping people move till 12:30.
Yo dude. Doing drugs is really cool. Didn't realize how awesome you were for that.
Life is simple. Education ruins & people complicate. # life # humour
I WILL BE SILENT NO MORE!!! Hashtag abuse is real. # hash tag #can't # write # in # full # sentences #desperatecryforattention #"#"
Didn't want to sleep tonight anyway so it's all good
I have a red eye, no it isn't an infection, my eyes are allergic to seeing you. # nasty
I can't wait to wake up in three hours
Point guard to a superstar salary. 5 year 120 million dollar deal for a guy to ride the bench.Good job Clips! Way to run a program.
the braves will not trade Kimbrel because every rebuilding team needs an elite closer
I just love how twitter is more active at midnight
She..... Another Victim....??? Hahaha... YES, OF CURSE!!!!! F***ing
openfollow mulu lo haus followers ya # r p w jam an 20132014
Thanks, making my day just THAT much better # can # you # hear # my # fuck in g
Some people's self confidence needs to come with a full length mirror
ITS #FUNNY.. how people who can't do a shit for you expect you to give a fuck. #tired_of_bullshit
So my family's car has a blown head gasket, among other problems. Oh yeah, 2015 is off to a great new start for me.
Oh Greg Anthony, I was SO looking forward to your analysis this upcoming March.
Nothing like a night full of thought and memories when you're alone some place you're not comfortable.. I'm definitely winning.
Classes don't start until Wednesday but readings and syllabi have been sent out! Woo! Yay!  #Last One
Wooo love getting in a debate online with people I don't know #TROLLS # sigh #Oh Well
4:30 waking up for cheer yay!!
Being irritated & tired is a FANTASTIC combination for your mood
When people are mad at you and you don't even know why
IM FOREVER HATE KAI AND SUHO FOR SOME REASON LOL # pun
If an #18 Trillion Dollar Deficit is part of the #Economic Recovery Package every # American with # De b t should pat themselves on the back
From #1 to unranked this coming week - your Golden Gopher Men's Hockey team! # so proud # champs
Most definitely home time now and my taxi home smells of fish. Great!
So the little kid lied about going to heaven and meeting the devil. Never saw that coming.
Yes, to be clear....it is personal and THAT is what you call
So ready for my SAT diagnostic test tomorrow
So glad jello cups are so filling or I'd be starving # i need food
"what an impressive stuff "  You try to clean up your cell phone and you get: lost 6 images and a fucking mess on. #shit Things
A moon landing, gay marriage & legal marijuana. All good. But i just saw a strt man wearing Uggs with sweat pants. Unacceptable.
"Yea, because Saint Terese has a monopoly on the gospel." ~ Jonathan
You know what I love? Staying in on a Friday night...
Awe look who got his friends back..
Man, sure am glad we got this JoePa thing straightened out. Getting those wins back for him was the most important thing IMO...
transfers very well through the internet
This is ganna be a great weekend
Have I mentioned how much I love spotty wifi? =
Our student sections are just great at always supporting our school.  at its best.
Thank you to the person who took my credit card details and stole cash. You have made my year so much better!
AV just said the Klein we're seeing is the one he saw in NSH where he was a top 4 defenseman. Yup, we should trade him
Happiness is 2 water boil orders in your neighborhood in 2 weeks.
I'm having such a wonderful day
Things people tell me: your cheeks are so cute! # thanks # I m n o t c u t e i m twenty four
The Isles are still a joke, right? #Lets Go Isles # Isles
Love my Friday nights so much fun # annoyed #What Else Is New
Looks like people don't wanna see american sniper
Gonna enjoy not doing anything for the next 3 days.
Three alarms set...I'd hate to be late to my first class on Saturday... # grad school problems # almost halfway
Dion just scored the last 5 points! He hit a 3 then stole the ball for a breakaway dunk! Why did we trade him?! #O K Cvs G S # C a vs
Sam Worthington has so much charisma. # a v a tar
So Glad my hubby just took the time to explain Godzilla to me
Wow 2015 can you get any more great .... # over it
Date night with #my B Fgradschool! Why would we do anything BUT read research articles all night on a Friday?? # grad school problems
#Elderly T V Shows Walking Dead. .nuff said.. # winning # did i do this right
Having such a wild Friday evening wow look out world.
I love when my dreams are foreshadowing!
I love how the # b r it tan a props al episode starts with a Klaine duet. # glee
Not a lot going on in this 1st period # Black hawks
Lol at the fact you finally made it up here.... With somebody else priceless.
Such a way to spend my Friday night
nothing is better better than being at home all alone, watching # Friends and eating ice cream... woooh!! # worst day of my life
I need more shit to rant about. Like why can I not have more things to bitch about
Walking around Canberra is doable (huff huff ) # exercise
Nothing better than starting my weekend off with a headache
I love waking up in the middle of the night and not being able to fall asleep again! # no sleep # tired # insomnia
How lucky am I to sit at home by myself on a Friday night?
Wow my selfie got hella likes
Grow up: hmmm I don't think I grow ever, I'm pretty sure I strink lol # short girl props
Working the final draft of my book. I really enjoyed it the first 9 times I read it. I'm sure this time will be just as riveting.
I love how clear and concise education policy can be. So easy to comprehend! # o b v i
What's the best thing ever?!?! Working on a paper on a Friday night!! Yeah buddy! # not # oh well # gotta do what you gotta do # working hard
Giving an obnoxious person a beer at a hockey game is just the best idea in the world . # annoying # this will be fun
Full of conversation in the taxi... # dead quiet # can hear a pin drop
Who would rather work rather then go to OPA? Me that's who # l a w l z z
Going to watch #American Sniper because I enjoy anxiety and watching movies thru my fingers # not my first pick # lord help me
Love going to the movies by myself
How come nobody is talking about Muslim Americans hating Christians everytime there is a school shooting, murder, etc? # non existent
Absolute JOY playing # dot a 2 lately Horrid Matchmaking + Uncompressed Server Update Played # dot a # dot a 2 10 Yrs wont much longer
Can this day get any better?
Talking about boys is the most attractive thing ladies
#MLP Equestria Rocks really turns it up to 11.
Panera is the only place I want to be in a Friday night.  #IMFUNNY #LAUGHATMYSADNESS
A last minute rush of patrons did wonders for my headache..  well, at least we have a few brand-new patrons, so yay for that.
Oh no, Duke University is letting a muslim hold public prayers.... the terrorists have won!!!!!!
Who is Leiweke? <----  Maple Leafs Sports & Entertainment.
You are a class act, let me tell ya.
John Kerry in France? I know #ISIS is shaking in their boots.
janab e speaker it is with much regret and a heavy heart that i must inform you that Pakistan has REJECTED you # w e r e j e c t a y a z rigger
Is there anything more exciting than nursing facility regulatory training on a sunny Friday afternoon?
It's nice to know that my phobias are held in the highest considerations by the people who claim to care about me. That is SO nice.
Reputation/history suspension for Marchand. Pretty pumped to see Paille back in the top-6 though
Bumpy bus ride home love it
I'm so glad I wasted 7 years of my life going to college just so I could work at a sandwich shop # useless # s u c k s
Eating an orange in bed, alone... like the rapstar I am.
I sure love the sound of loud construction when I'm trying to sleep...
Only 8925 more days! It's like time is just flying by! # ex a g g e ration # marriage # waiting
Just started Dr. Phil. She is not apologizing for those quotes shown at the beginning. What a wonderful mother # d r p h i l
Soo I miss my first three days of class due to the flu..woohoo.
It's okay just let me know when I can fit into your busy schedule
So glad for Penn St...that program deserves to catch a break
Johnny Manziel is in Aspen?! There is no way he will ever be successful in the NFL if he keeps going on vacation in the offseason!
I really love the FUNdamental theory of calculus!!!! Isn't it inteGREAT????
oh how i loved practice today
I wish radio stations would play #Taylor Swift every 5 minutes instead of every 15 minutes.  #Please Stop
The Rexburg snow removal team is top notch # said no one ever
I'm glad Bill # Clinton cared enough about the sactity of marriage to sign laws keeping others from having the perfect union he has.
Ugh. I just love when people from here try to add my friends in Cbus on Facebook :)
The # Sing le life sure is great... -.- I hope you caught my
Hello emotional rollercoaster, how nice of you to grace me with your presence! # needs a nap
So you're going to "pursue other candidates" never heard that before. # struggle
I guess now that James Taylor is singing for Barack ISIS and all other Terrorist will lay down their weapons and embrace peace
I hope the Supreme Court decides to shove gays in the closet. Freedom!!
MAN! Good thing the Leafs fired Carlyle! That should helped turn shit around.
What's better than spending whole friday at home completely alone #Oh Wait
We really did come together as a school today everyone was involved and no one was bullied # lo cell out
I guess we should expect another record warm year next year as well then. Even if you are cold, you're actually warm.
Scottish football making a bad decision? First time for everything though I suppose so let them off the hook
If you are new to my # t watt e r feed, here is what to expect: # nothing # pro motions # c a t p i c s # drunken nonsense # b log posts, # music
One of my favorite things is when someone asks you to proofread something and then argues your suggested edits
If God has intended us not to masturbate then he would have made our arms shorter.  ;3
Yay... We hired a old washed up head coach. # du h # chic ago bears
Hunger games and Twilight are sending the best messages about how girls should handle relationships.
Congrats Penn State for getting #paterno's wins back. Clearly your priorities are in the right place.
USC has to be pissed right now. They should've let a child rapist on campus so they can get their 2005 championship win back  #NCAA
hey guess what? My idiot writer touched a hot pan by accident and now burnt 3 fingers. # G en i us .
I love my major so much. I get to look at dead bodies and touch sheep brains. # mentally throwing up
Wonder if larkhall is on for us tomorrow
Just sitting in the immunization room doing nothing. So nice to be overstaffed.
Oh Joe Paterno got his wins back? I'm sure that changes EVERYONE'S perceptions of him.
The KKK is trying to rebrand itself by opening its doors to other races. People changes?
So Johnson will don a D-backs cap in the HOF. Hmm I wonder what caps Smoltz, Biggio and Pedro would choose.
What's with "Baby on Board" bumper stickers? I was gonna drive erratically, but now that I saw that sign, I'll be extra careful.
Waiting for a response from the email & VM I left finaid. My body's crazy response to stress is making this SUPER FUN. # crisis mode
So Joe Pa's wins that he actually won are being reinstated? Thanks for letting me know.  #Penn State #Joe Pa
Isn't math the best thing ever
Oh the joy of job hunting.
I use excessive  because punching people in the throat is frowned upon in our culture.
on miniature (fake) digi- turn tables - they're also called "dials" # hip hop # scratch
Girls be like:hey babe I got a new boyfriend And people be like:what's so big about that? # stupid # girls .
Can't wait to be up at 6am tomorrow
Shaping up to be a cool night
Anyone know someone selling Girl Scout cookies? Wish people on Facebook would let me know who is selling
Who DOESN'T love a good hell, fire, and damnation funeral service?
I just love the state police car tailgating my family the whole drive from Craigsville to cowen. # get off my ass i a in tin heat
S/O to whoever stole the shower heads. You really got us this time.
Your sick today and won't be at work? I hope your better tomorrow for the week end.
Yay my parents are coming home from work early. # i m so excited
In my whole life college the most expensive party i have ever been to... # only
Paterno covers up rape & gets vacated wins back. Tressel lied about tattoo's, still serving penalty & wins vacated. Seems fair.
Increasing my healthcare by $240/mo is much more affordable. Just what I needed. Thanks # O b am a #obamacare Fail
Really not a fan of #Traffic Jam ... The #M62 needs to hurry up and be a "Smart Motorway" ... It's doing a PhD at Oxford ... # Iron y
Wow the new Lollipop TouchWiz is such an improvement. They made the background white instead of dark... Much improvement.
Yippee I guess I get to start wearing glasses
Glad to see the NCAA stood their ground with Penn State.
Don't you just love it when your kids wake up at 630 on a Saturday morning,it's a great start to the weekend
#Oscars So White their going to pay tribute to the ancient native Americans, who apparently do not exist anymore  #Oscar Noms
At least I got a sorry for all that right
Gotta do a bunch of homework today and Monday.....this shall Be fun....
Must be nice to not need a job so you can just post gym selfies all day and eat lunch that took 3 hours of prep time
Annual pool cleaning at Vidant, oh how I've missed you! # why me
T5: Most patients have no problem measuring the patient engagement of doctors ... again, not sure why this is a problem # h i t s m
Reds sign cozart to another 1 yr contract.. . Walt never seizes to amaze me with his amazing GM skills..... # s m h
Mom sounds sooo excited for me to come home
Love my 40 cent raise at work to ground to sky trees away from wires I get to stand on small branches at the top of trees # work
Getting ready to disable encryption on my wifi. Because, Obama.
Then, I must be VERY ugly, since I'm Has hem it e , and this is my family.. # Has hem it e #Haşimi
And the "Charlie Hebdo" cartoon of Prophet Muhammad looks ugly.. Hmm.. Impressive..
lol, you see tons of women on the subway and most don't have massive asses spilling over into the next seat # man spreading # top ol i
Forgot to add the hashtag to that last tweet. # h i t s m
“Man is the only animal that can remain on friendly terms with the victems he intends to eat until he eats them.”
Class tomorrow, shoot on Sunday, report on Monday, deadline of paperworks on Tuesday... I soooo have a fun life.
I love it when the nurse manager thinks I can have 7 completes bad bathed and in the chair in <2hrs.
Life’s good, you should get one.
Asked Mom for help with job websites and she tells me "The Classified Ads." Gee, thanks. That's JUST what I wanted. # F rust rated
There's nothing quite like getting 5+ email ads a day for tax software to figure out how much I owe. Oh, the joy! # tax season
It really hurts when I get blocked by someone I didn't know existed. It's like lemon juice in a paper cut. STINGS!!
Working 8 hour shifts are my favorite thing to do with my fridays
What?!? No more google glasses? Now how am supposed to look badass at playgroup tomorrow?
Yayyy for a Friday ACLS class # nursing # nurse problems
Wow, Jeremy Lamb too?!?! What a deal!
What a great way to start my weekend!
$TSLA USD/EUR is at 1.15... It will be easier to sell cars to Europe now, eh? Europeans are more expensive in the US now, eh?
Yay. I get John Fox for another 5 years. How cool is that? # Bears fan # Broncos fan
I just love when people dont respond.
I love when large groups of white folk pick other white folk for awards. Makes me feel like I can be anything when I grow up.
I use the Kreb cycle regularly in my practice. Thank you biochem. Thank you.
Sooooo excited! Barbara Walters has returned to The View!
If the cup is only half full, I suggest buying a smaller bra. # am writing #Elderly T V Shows #Oscar Noms
today is off to a roaring start..
Maybe Jefferies should buy $RSH and $WTSL too?  $FXCM
What? Wait. You lied about dying and going to heaven and wrote a book about it? Color me surprised.
Got a pain last night that reminded me how amazing contractions feel... I need some time to prep! #34 weeks #Pregnancy Problems
Being able to respond with within seconds of a # stupid question is a sign of a healthy # brain .
I am SO stoked for this 28hour day... courtesy of east coast weather and flight delays # thanks weather #thatswhycaliforniaisthebest
In the Depicting Maximum Information session. Starting w/ talk of this Moore guy and his levels. Never heard of it. # ace h p 15
thank you for wishing us luck.  you didn't wish us luck
When you're so good at your job your boss asks why you didn't catch someone else's fuck up. Gonna be a greaaat day!
It's GREAT having three classes on Friday # intense
I just love when I'm forced to do things that I don't want to do and don't enjoy. # love it
Very confident about an # A r se n al win this weekend because I've looked at our record since Invincibles against top clubs in Prem!
Really pleased that Microsoft accepted payment for a game that couldn't actually be downloaded from their store.
Man ive never felt so inspired until I saw your crappy quote over a pic turd of nature on social media. # g t f o # keep it to yourself
lol so Africa CEO forum is happening in Geneva , so when we gather to meet we must meet away from the continent eh smh
Huh. According to some, receiving welfare is the same as getting an abortion. Because those are the same thing.
I HAVE TO USE A SCREWDRIVER TO REMOVE NEW 3DS MEMORY CARD? THIS HAS NEVER BEEN DONE AND NINTENDO IS THE WORST COMPANY EVER! ARGH! ( )
After backlash from at least 1 of my 47 followers, I must clarify - Im not actually excited as stated in my previous tweet. It was
McCaffrey: 2nd All-ACC 12' 1st All ACC '13 & '14. Averaged 10 goals a season in ACC. I hear that's a pretty good conference.
Imagine the nerve LSU has to give these juniors a spotlight when all they have to do is say they’re coming back.
It was a pretty good business decision for T Swift to start singing pop when she struggled with monotonous country
Mirrors can’t talk, lucky for you they can’t laugh either.
What a class act the SMC are. # h u l l f c
I wish I was one of those kids whose too cool to where a jacket.
Miller throws it away again.... shocked  #S S Cricket #Protea Fire #S Avs W I
So in love with the cold weather of Buffalo
i think i'll comb my hair , wear a pair of glasses and hope people won't recognise me -.-"
If you read it on the internet then it must be true.
Thanks for the terrible traffic this morning, Nashville. I like being 30 minutes late to surgery.
I hope, one day when I grow up, that I'll be as half as gracious as some of my students. # s n a r k
Cosplay cosplay cosplay cosplay Che vita easy che hai
New photo radar appears to have reduced the speed in Regina overall. We now equal most rural towns. Congrats. # y q r problems
How do people find celebrities at supermarkets, I can’t even find my gf.. cologne she wore?
So glad ppl understand & are skilled in the concept of merging into traffic from on off ramps #TGIF # just get thru the day
Let's turn the O scars into a fight for equality. Because, this whole recognition for artistc achievement is stupid. # O scars
"The LIRR is delayed because of a leaf on the track" # pretty much
I love how you can just throw me away for someone else # it hurts
I had no idea it was Friday until I got on twitter.....
I love it when people charge the elevator when the doors are almost closed.
I love waiting round for parcels
The Inn at the Crossroads....very classy # GoodLocation
Is always beautiful hear that will never happen nothing here in Italy!! #Fifty Shades #Leave Me Alone # Sad
Note the fucking # s e x i s m being vomited out by these old bitches....but hey, *its okay*. # loose women .
Today is going to be a great day...!
Could you imagine the daily turmoil if people could hear what your thinking? # Z e l l i s m
I wouldn't have to be so sarcastic,if people were so stupid.
And the Academy flexes it's "diversity" muscles again...
Friday.. Where all the teachers gang up and you have a test or report every class. # Y a y
Ironic- Alex Malarkey wrote a book that is a bunch of mularky... #Heaven Is For Real
Well I'm already have an awesome morning!
It's not so easy to lower your battery from 86 to 39% in less than 3hours, but I managed to pull it off! ;) # technology # bored
I LOVE Fridays... Everybody else has two days off... I don't
Another big crowd in Florida for the Panthers/Avs game.
Yay! We have locks playing at lock and back rowers playing... Wait for it... In the back row!
Back to lesson got a hour then another break! "I bet that'll be fun" Jay say sarcastically # lesson # college # will be bored
Wow great improvement #T M Ltalk #Leafs Nation last year we crashed in the last month this year we are crashing more smoothly  way togo
I'm sooo excited to start putting my hair up in Pin Curls......
8 AM doctors appointment... Starting this Friday off right! # i m p is sed # what was i thinking # not a morning person
All i know is that one of us is right and the other one is YOU. Cuz being sarcamistic is fun.
A before dawn wake-up call is just what this week needed.
Ah.... another day of Muslim bashing - Twitter you never disappoint.
I would watch "Messenger of God" any day over "The *Italian* Job". But again,That's just me :P #M S G The Film #Love Charger Baba :P
wow I just love being lead on for so long haha
Yeahh, Shola Ameobi!!! Let's sign him!!!.... # h c a f c
Everyone gets to sleep in today but I have to take my 7th hour final yayyy
Now that those pesky trees along the A90 into Aberdeen have been cut down we have a great view of all the industrial sites # thanks
awww joint facebook accounts how cute # insecure
Indians always prove what they are..! Hope you understood the  #Kiran Bedi
Looks like Arsenals defensive mid problems are going to be sorted.
Bomb scare in # r o m f o r d this morning. Not only is the scare on my road (western road) but I also work just around the corner. Great!
No air con until Tuesday. This weekend is going to be so awesome. Especially tomorrow. That will be epic. I. Can't. Wait.
Well, that was a good night spent doing coursework ..  #All Nighter #Coursework Deadline Day
So, job interview this morning. A group one. With icebreaking, role play and team building exercises. Such fun
Reading literature from 1994 that is referring to research from 1964.. This feels so relevant today. # student # university
I love when people puke in my car
Shane Battier and Jim Calhoun on college basketball live together. The level of excitement is at a all time high. #ESPN
is a foreign language to some people.
I go to sleep with a jacket, 2 shirts and a beanie on but I ain't cold so please don't turn on the heater in this 55 degree house.
Homework is always fun at this time :)
Is there some store closing down in Canada... Can someone post something. NOBODY is posting or confirming on social media.
I love how easily I can sleep after ACL surgery
Love those late night massive headaches that sneak up on you an radiate in the front of your head before u go to bed # goals
The producers of Inside the NBA must be racist because there are 3 African American analysts and only one white guy
I like making dumb mistakes because I really enjoy the life lessons that go along with them.  (in case your filters are broken)
OMG yaaaaay more instagram food pics
love it when a train delay and subsequent alt travel choices turn my 45min commute into 90 mins and counting.  (I got shit to do)
Pre-lab for o-chem takes an hour alone... Fun times. # college
I'm so glad there is so much Native American visibility in films! #Oscar Noms # R a c i s m
If only I could shut off this brain and sleep! stress is a wonderful thing!
Omg I love when my mom coaches me
me: mom? when does winter end? mom: when spring starts me: -.-
I'm just the funniest person on the planet!
So...what ever happened to Ebola ? ..  Intended
See the Cavs decided to play defense today. Only gave up 61 in 1st half.
Well I got a lot done today.
The Mike Smith era is off to a terrific start, just like everyone expected
It's cool to feel left out of everything.
exams are in a week... # cant wait
Look at that, Brad Marchand acted like a dick again. What a surprise  #NHL
#i Support M S G could be the #Five Words To Ruin A Date! #Just Saying
After all, it's not like I've had in depth classes and practicals on precisely this every year for the past three years.
It's pretty exhausting saving lives all the time. I'm tired of being stopped on the streets. # nurse life
Sometimes sarcastic responses are just too great to not be shared. # Literally
Wow so much fun waiting for people to not reply
Maybe this should have been obvious before, but I think I'm likely incredibly irritable today... I love mood swings.
The great thing about KI is that after he makes an awful play he hustles back on defense and makes things happen. # trade him too # d w
Selma isn't about slavery or the help & it definitely isn't some urban coming-of-age story; so it obviously missed the mark, right?
# L e a f s implementing the 5-5-5-5 system, five in the offensive, neutral, defensive zones and the crease on Tyler Kennedy's goal.
Finished survey abt employer's intranet site. Consisted primarily of open-ended questions. Completion rate should be fantastic!
I think they are gonna have to have a fuel stop if this race keeps having yellows like this # chili bowl
When your shoulder hurts so bad you can barely move it >>>>
Yall rule number 1: you are not allowed to wear a tye dye shirt unless you are on drugs. It's a proven fact.
How are the #N H L Jets still in this game? I mean, what with them dressing an AHL goalie and all.  #becausepeopleneedtobetoldthat
Sherlock, react poorly to change? Noooooo... # Elementary
it must be me, but if twitter gets any more exciting this wk I may have to slit my wrists. # bored # tired # lights out
Soooo. . .Cardale Decides to return to get exploited instead of cashing in his Golden Ticket. What a dope.
Im sorry man. I really am dude.
Is that a golden duck? Out first ball faced? #A U Sv E N G Oh dear! Oh dear! And my very favourite Pom too!
I just love talkin to myself
Oh wow you called me stupid. You sure showed me.  YOU SUCK SO BAD AT #ARGUING WITH PEOPLE WHY DON'T BACK UP YOUR INSULTS WITH FACTS.
I hope somebody Instagrams the sunset.
So Brook Lopez to OKC, Lance to Brooklyn and Kevin Durant to Charlotte. I'm not sure about that trade.
My life at home has consisted of doing homework while watching Futurama. So extravagant!
Geesh, over break i forgot how much i love college homework.
Hope Backes is ok. Brutal hook by Zetterberg.
Reading critic say #Boy Next Door is "the best thriller of 2015". Thank God it's been only 15 days into 2015!
severe pain that makes even breathing painful! Yay!
Don Lemon should host next year
Great way to close out that quarter.
Well isn't this just grand # what a great day
I just love how people say NO to me but not to other people
LRT: I'm sure it's just an unfortunate hockey play.
You know I'm not one for change..glad the pp is back to normal. It made me uneasy last night
Gotta love that college life right?
I'm taking 2 math classes this semester, yay me !
What a beautiful day! Almost freezing and everything's is wet ): # winter # weather
If I didn't know any better I think Buffalo is TANKING it
Some ppl just radiate sunshine out of their butts.  #
I love walking home in the dark, in the rain, with blistered heels <3
Well, my day went great! ...
Asking a girl to prom based on how many retweets you can get And they said romance was dead.
# m o h a m m e d is my favorite # nigger #Free Speech #Je Suis Charlie # t c o t
keep telling myself "don't press send"... # tonight rocks # o mg
Ohhhh Barrie Ontario! How I have missed you!!! :)
How am I still below 2,000 followers? #i Follow Back # humor # fuck it all # bitch y know it all # A liens # conspiracy # funny # h e r m it life # mom
So women can train for and have the title of "ranger," but can't fight as a ranger? Yeah, yall are right. We have equal rights.
J. Lo may finally get that Oscar nomination if the previews are any indication.
I love being ignored when I speak to people in my house...
Great way to spend my last few days in America
Ooo goody lightning lighting my room up like a flashlight
I love the police ticket quota racket and ways they find to add on costs once it's written.
John Fox in the playoffs... # winner . Great hire # third time is the charm # Bears
Gotta love those overcrowded #MBTA Riverside Line trains that only go to Reservoir.  #mbta Annoy
I love refereeing the twin's fights via text and FaceTime
Those # m n wild vets keep scoring. And Koivu, who has NO impact on goal scoring w/ 2 primary assists. #Sit The Vets #Strip The C #Fire Yeo
I'm sure all of you care about my ferrets as much as I do  But today I woke up and Banda had a swollen bloody foot.
I just love it when my bosses ask me to stay my full eight hours within the last 20 minutes is my shift.
Oh wait, it can get more fun #It Cant Drip Enough
If JV marries KU, THEN ALL THE DOOM FOR THE SEASON!!!!!!!!
It is so frustrating that white people only have most of the power in this country instead of all it like they used to. ***cries***
Those darn # m n wild veterans working hard to get that goal. Yeo should sit all of them.
Internet's out on my laptop (after it was working fine last night), and no one can come out to fix it until Saturday, yeah!!  #SMH
Andy Murray in QF, then Rafa in SF... What an easy draw for Roger at the Australian Open!!  #now T H A Tisupsetting
Cardale Jones says getting degree is more important than leaving Ohio State for the Draft. Who filled his head with that nonsense?
Always comforting, instead of confirm my suspicion that's nothing, the Dr says my kids are worst than I thought :( # not fun
Well see, that song is okkay because its about a white male having sex as a child. Totally normal and non-devious. # t y t live
Apparently it's act crazy day. Last I checked its not even a full moon! This day is like fine wine, it gets better and better!
Hmmm or else what? I'm soooo afraid of being tweeted to death # empty threats
Went on wikipedia to read about Ryan,ended up reading about nuclear med and other crap. Great thing to read before bed
It's fun to have an emotional break down every once in while especially in the middle of the living room! # emotional breakdown
Just track everyone with bad beards and you'll stamp out terrorism. #ISIS
I love it when someone constantly makes me repeat myself.
Oh naw dad I wasn't gonna do anything with my day of course I'll go across town in my car w you to serve documents
Oh yeah, cause Oscar having a croup attack and now bouncing round on steroids is exactly what I needed tonight
I love it when you purposely say something loud for me to overhear just to make me feel horrible !!!! It's really really great
I'm glad the Christian faith has taught Franklin Graham love and tolerance.
Shoutout to Chris because he's my dad's girlfriends son an he was involved in the shooting in Beresford. # solid # not scary at all
Thank goodness there is going to be a S ha r k n a do 3; so many unanswered questions from the first two. # S ha r k n a do 3
Anybody know of a great place to board my pet peeves? # vent in g
When I was younger, I wanted to be a beta tester for games... Now I can live that dream... for only £19.99 - EARLY ALPHA ACCESS!
I hate mornings never mind early mornings # cannot wait
What?! There's a company out there that will ship glitter to my enemies?!
Nope, haven't heard about AP style yet in our AP style writing class. # j em 200
Anyway, until now I appear to have experienced a karmic problem...
WTF? Jennifer Aniston was snubbed by the Oscars? I mean come on she went without make-up and everything!
Good sign that LePage is reserving 2mil from state money to cover legal fees his tax plan builds for him. # Maine
So, projectile vomiting blue Powerade is fun.
#Islam Is Superior at indoor plumbing and building schools and power plants.
...what an image to use for training, probably great for the subconscious
Claudia's like the best driver ever.
Thank you car, thank you so much for having your brakes stop working the day I was going to go home...I sincerely appreciate it....
#Kiran Bedi will working under d guidance of d most honest & clean person of d era #Amit Shah ! #Checkmate A A P
Urb did a 2 QB system at Florida and won a title. He should really go 3 QB system and be a game changer.  #One Has To Transfer
All this #Cardale Decision talk reminds me of what the media did to Jeremy Lin. Boy they got that one right. # relax
oh I just love being ignored all day best feeling
Well I guess I just lucked out because almost all of my teachers have legit assignments due in this first week. # ya y
So Cardale Jones held a presser to announce he's staying in school. # humble
Resisted the temptation to buy the 15 disc DVD set of the first 60 episodes of Take The High Road...  #sorrytakethehighroadfans
I'm sure everyone in town is there to help cardale say he's back in school.
Lovely how it's 4pm, and the garbage and recycling still hasn't been picked up. Great new tender. Can't wait until summer.  #CKL
And my car is dead.. its been a great week..
Creating problems that aren't there makes me so happy.
Can't imagine why people think Bond is sexist and awful in its treatment of women...
Hey, why should a talented young QB spend more than 3 weeks playing at the college level? How much more do people need to see? # c f b
We live in buffalo...it's cold...how shockingly unbelievable...
School : 9:30am - 2:00pm Work : 5:00pm - 3:00am School : 8:45am - 1:30pm #Living The Dream
recent poll shows that 70% of t wit t e r users feel that 140 characters just isn't enough. # t wit t e r #no Butreally # Get with it
Yes father Keep deciding my future for me...
Well aren't I feeling rather delightful!
Mom & I are both sick today yippee. I've got a migraine which doesn't help cleaning after messes. Small paycheck next week. Super.
Go figure, Cardale meets LeBron around the time his folklore explodes, and now he's hosting a special announcement ... # irony
Schools are closed Monday and so is Caleb's daycare... #Makes Sense #Not Really
After talking w/ all kinds of people I'm convinced there R only good people in the world. No one sins or makes mistakes anymore
"don't be sad" ok i am better now thank u
why i'm still doing fake posters? Haha it was easy to do, i need to make a hair for dakota this time
Incredible how all a sudden my stream has had nothing but $spy put buyers killing it all day. $vxx and $uvxy call buyers too.
It was like 4chan but without the pleasantness and moderation.
Nice to see my mom come home from work in such a cherry and upbeat mood
Well, thank god all the #Oscar Noms were white. For a minute, I thought society was moving into a new racial space  #Oscars So White
Oh, it's such a hard life for these families. # watchdog #BBC1
Who else LOVES writing in a coffee shop with people only six inches away on either side of you? I know I sure do!
I'm so very # c o n f l i c t e d about my love-hatred for # b o o b s . I want them gone but I want more and I just # h u r ray gender fluidity [ ]
That Fernando Torres is proper shite isn't he. Why on earth would we have ever wanted him back at #LFC
gets me into a lot of trouble.
Howard's mother is fat, right? # t b b t # mouldering joke
Well mock results evening went fab
I am so physically and mentally exhausted. Good thing I work tonight until 10:30.
*Excuse me while I pray for Elche*
Friday the 16th......"MSG" the film is a Must Watch !!!
Repeatedly whistling Yakety Sax doesn't annoy my coworkers at all.
I feel soooo great that # b o t s are favoriting my tweets.
Learning a new automation voice track system at the radio station. # Fun
So Foerster is NFL's best o-line coach? Man, imagine how bad Polumbus and Chester would look working with a mediocre coach!
Gotta love rainy days at UGA.. # soaked
Glad to see you actually try.
Before talking please connect the tongue to the brain...
don't know what I'm going to do until Cardale let's the world know of his decision. At least espn isn't already fawning over him!
Instead of i2p, why not just make a dark web forum that runs over IPv6, nobody understands that gobbledy goop.
# life of a consultant return flight delayed. At least that gives me time to work through inbox - instead of reading a good book. any1?
Time to pay the bills.. oh joy
Don't you just LOVE it when you wake up in a great mood and everyone else, doesn't?
Coaches suspended for encouraging profanity, promoting illegal hitting…glad to see #Friday Night Tykes is back for another season
Entered the library wearing a cardigan. Left wearing a cardigan + 1/2 cup of tomato soup. I'm such an adorable preggie!
Bullies are so heart-eyes like omg
Man, #MLS won't even allow #Crew S C to get a 1st round draft pick!
Really love it when someone tries to drive into the side of me, makes the journey home so much more fun # driving problems
The Oscar Nominations are a lot like Congress - Very diverse.  #Oscar Noms #Oscar Nominations
0115shandil: sid_simone are you kidding me ? queen hyuna is the best female dancer in kpop !!!  (sorry I'm bored :D)
Whoa everyone...are you telling me the Oscars are once again ignoring diversity in film? I'm shocked.
Why is every road starting to get closed off? How dare they beautify my city
Just what we need: A nine-person committee created to 'oversee' one person doing one task.
All Target stores and now all Sony stores closing in Canada - good trend
Sometimes my greatest accomplishment is keeping my mouth shut!
Ugh, it's my day off and spent it in the lab for 3 hours giving blood, no food or drink since last night. Fun glucose test yeah
I'm sure the 5-35 # K n i c k s are going to do the NBA proud in their game in London tonight.
I love hospitals... I love hospitals... I love hospitals... I love hospitals...  #Sick Kid
Thats so weird. Ghost stories was their best album so far. I cant believe what the media is saying
Those moments when your feeling so unappreciated are just great! :D
Leaving for Toronto tonight. Meet and greet tomorrow! #V W A Rapture Main Event should be fun...
Yea, I'm so excited! Time for a meeting with some old hag I hate !!!! Whooooo!
Dear Lord, please help me to not say what's really on my mind. # being bitch y
Love it when my new trainer get covered in an entire keg of ale! # pub problems
What? No oscars for Lucy??  #Oscar Noms
So no school because of this massive storm
College football playoffs make $ for coaches, schools, networks & NCAA. Athletes get longer schedule & no $. Good deal for all!
"Dear CAMPBELL, Mr. Warren, ..." Really great form email, spambot.
I'm not bitter that I don't have enough credits now and that you have 7 now nope not bitter at all
How dare they "snub" a movie by probably having it right outside the nominees at #6. HOW DARE THEY
And I just heard news about the # son y rumors. Well this is turning out to be a lovely Thursday afternoon.
I don't have much to do these days so I'm glad the wind blew my fence down today so I can repair it.
$79 to $89. Just a trading range. $kite
Deeply saddened that Rosie Perez won't be returning to The View.
Oscar voters are 93% white, 76% male, with an average age of 63? Delightful. # diversity
Why so upset about lack of diversity in Oscar noms? 100% of the Best Actress nominees are women, for crying out loud.
Yeah I definitely wanted to be sick during my last few days of winter break.
Wrote nice tweet. Wanted to edit it. Somehow deleted it. Can't remember wording. CRUSHED ENTIRELY. # irony #Twitter Is Not My Life
Working out of your car is more fun in the snow
Loving the fair monetization articles on Crossy Roads. Good vs Evil prevails. A narrative to die for!
Can't wait to play 20 questions with my entire extended family this weekend. Bring it on.
The good thing about Cardale Jones is that he's really smart.
It's so nice to finally see white male stories getting the recognition they deserve...PROGRESS! # O scars 2015
I how I love refresher trainings at work that I just did 3 months ago. # waste of time # w o r k w o e s
I suppose it DOES take too much energy and patience to try and get along and see a more accurate and reasonable picture. # eye roll
It's gonna be awesome not having another day off until next Wednesday.
You'd never be able to tell that the #Academy Awards voters are 94% white and 76% over 50. # can you tell # le go movie got snubbed
No, Mason's retirement does not pertain to football. Stop acting like Alabama fans, Iowa fans. # delusion al
That's why I spend so much time talking about myself 24/7 lol
Not offering Warnock an new contract and getting rid is good business I think. Can't afford his wages in League 1 after all # l u f c
It's my first day of classes...... # ya y y y
Oh yes, 7am is a GREAT time to start drilling holes in the walls.. Thanks, neighbours.
Woah, Bears hire John Fox. Nobody saw that one coming.
Following are my thoughts on the #Oscar Noms, because I'm sure everyone's dying to hear what I think
Great news from doctor . Finger fracture that my result in permanent numness of my middle finger on my dominant hand.
So far today is not following the amazing start of 2015. # damn # they can tall be great # working # wonderful
It's always a great start to the day when sister is screaming at the top of her lungs because the toilet overflowed.. # y i k e s
Kaep, Stanton, Sanchez, Hill, Lindley, Newton... This is who # Sea hawks has beaten over their last 7-games.... #Really Impressive
Oh don't worry, I definetly have the skills to pass this class, because I've had some kind of shop class before -_-
Hate it when I write a # Face book status and someone who doesn't speak has to comment and ruin it!
Overheard in the Union: "I'd never written a paper for myself before coming here... EVER" # so impressive
Well thats just what i needed to start off my morning
There is nothing I love more then crabby customers!
Theyre banning cheese in Seattle? Oooooo that'll show us. *insert eye roll* GB should ban rain and Fraiser  #Go Green Bay #Go Pack Go
well done academy. well done. super good job. #Oscar Noms # O scars 2015 # O scars SoWhite
What a great way to start my day
thanks for celebrating white dudes this year oscars. finally. its their time. # O scars 2015 #Oscar Noms # just to be clear
on # T wit t e r is like cleaning a loaded # gun .
Really looking forward to working out in this weather tonight
Don't think enough people have passive aggressively complained about the delay in grades on Facebook enough yet.
All acting and directing nominees are white b/c only white people make great movies. Duh. # O scars 2015
Yeah... "Congrats" to them indeed~ they truly deserve that award. I swear :))) # slow clap
Just wasted $1.50 on flavored water which burnt my tongue and spilt all over the floor. # nice
Well this day just keeps on getting better. # is it five yet
So wait, target is closing down ?
Lmao then he's like "never forget where I'm from" like omg so much intimidation, I'm shaking
Yeah I wore a beanie to school even tho we're not allowed to. I guess you can say I'm pretty bad. Yeah I'm gonna get in trouble.
we all wish we had a cool nickname like loggie lulu # bad nicknames
And now I'm going to lie down because typing that has made me tired and I'm so sorry that I won't be running a marathon today # u g h
Look at all the diversity in the #Oscar Noms! & at all the women nominated for directing or writing! # O scars # h o l l y w o o d s u c k s
Anyone else hear Target is closing?!
Haha I'm so ready for my 5 hr day
Remember--never inconveniencing anyone is the only way to change things! # black lives matter
Forcing myself to sit down and work on this book. It's going SO well. # oh w o wt hats a shock
Oh good, it is time to change my network password again.
This day is off to a wonderful start  #WTF
Still stiff and ouchy. It's a good thing I don't have to move 80 lbs of cardstock today.
What fun will today bring??  #Degree Please #Too Smart For This Job
Happy Thursday! Your bank accounts were hacked.
I blame Tom Wilkinson. He was in Selma and Belle.
Another defensive coordinator for the jets head coaching job... nice # wt f man
I am soooo sad target canada is closing.
The sound of snot blowing through noses is an excellent background sound to eating yogurt.
Nice to see that American Sniper bought it's way in at the last second. I was worried...  OK I'm done
Oh noes The Fault in Our Stars got zero nominations what a shocker how dare they gee who ever could have foreseen that?
Mariah Carey doesn't look tacky at all with her nude bra hanging out.  #Ellen De Generes
#Kiran Bedi will working under d guidance of d most honest & clean person of d era #Amit Shah ! The whole country shud celebrate
Giggles to the tweeps wanting #Oscar Noms for TV acting performances, "Hun that's what #Emmy Noms are for!" sorry  slipped
The day started really well! # just my luck
You know it's gonna be a good day when you're vacuuming glass off the floor at 6 am  #thanks Andrew
Hey I have an idea, let us roll back measures that lead us into the great recession! # unite blue # go p fail
Pope visits Philippines, now tell me how religious you are and how you admire him very well.
Parents are forcing me to become a medical doctor but all I want is to dance. #High School Musical Max Edition #Oscar Noms # O scars 2015
Never usually interesting sitting around in Kwik Fit, but Doctors just came on the TV, pinnacle of daytime TV. .
Anxiety attack in the parking lot at work... todays going to be a good day...
I'm usually not late for work but when I am I make sure the owner of the company is there so he notices. # Success nooooot cool
Maybe $BBRY should buy the $TGT Canada assets?
Blocked from viewing your tweets, how on Earth will I live like this # not a real psychic
Off to do some finals. Yay
Almost cracked my skull on a thin sheet ice this morning. Good start! Lol # cold n y
$TGT CEO: Target Canada wouldn't be profitable until at least 2021. So if Target Canada were tech startup, it would be worth $50B.
Maybe every Target store here in Saskatoon can be converted to Dollar Stores, cause we don't have enough of them! # y x e
I feel so bad for the # Broncos not knowing if their QB is going to retire or not.
My job profile's now enhanced!Printing docs for my boss to photocopying them-designation of skilled labor & job of unskilled one!
So target is leaving Canada. Who would have that... #Big Shocker
Pretty sure I just bombed my Algebra Two Exam # ya y #School Is The Best #My Teacher Is The Best
These days, I don't need to watch comedy movies. I'll just look around me & I'll see jokers running loose. # ha rap f a ham
A fun weekend ahead with economics and theory of knowledge.
Del Rio to Oakland???? I totally t h ought Harbaugh was goin t h ere!!!!!! #Go Blue # November 28 t h
That test was just sooo hard...
I'm only slightly annoyed already with today # really annoyed
Cold and rainy..today will be a great day
If they're remaking Strangers on a Train how much longer until a Vertigo remake with Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence?!
I love forgetting to shut off the alarm on my day off!
I just stabbed myself in the eye with #mascara-good thing it was tested on billions of monkeys so I know I won't go blind.
My school can be really considerate # f u c k e r s
I love it when my dad puts the dog in my room at 7am so she sits there and cries and barks to get out !
I love how mature people in our class are
Inventory :/ so much fun # retail # retail problems
Hey Obama: I demand that you release all Christians, Jews and Hindus from Gitmo!
Loove starting my morning off this way.
Poor Va getting some flurries! I would actually enjoy to go back home to some snow, that'd be great # Not
I get to stay on campus from 8-5 today! # so excited # cant wait
Lying in bed thinking "not like I wanted to keep sleeping or anything"
Please tell me an accurate way to write a sarcastic sentence without hinting or putting /s or  in it. You can't, right?
Welll, this is going to be a wonderful day...
It just makes me feel so smart, that I've locked myself out of my iPhone and have to use my back up phone.
Oh guess what, I'm awake again. So glad my son decided to wake up before 5am and not go back to sleep.
Coughing fit on live tv... love it!  #A M Newsers At least today is my FRIDAY!!!
First its the snow and now it's a storm that has brought the city to a standstill. Can't wait to see what causes chaos tomorrow.
I just love getting up this early to go work out!.......
Everyone has the right to be stupid at times; but some others abuse the privilege.
More flattening. Great! That's exactly what the Arab/Muslim identity needs!
Wondering how nuch money YG have to "buy journalist, media, police, tv broadcast and every single awards for their artists"
Collage- the most expensive party i've ever been to.
Hi unrequited love I already thought that you will not come miss u babe  #fuck U
The baby's so cute how he thinks 2 a.m. is party time? # parenthood # i need more sleep
Jings, crivens and help ma Boab! It's just a wee bit windy out there  No making sails out of your jackets today. ;)
My I phone just sent me a reminder that it's my birthday tomorrow. I wasn't aware of that, thanks phone!
Sat in Costa in keighley, nice!
1. One's unused # potential makes one never # influent i al 2. Devils greedily # welcome 3. A # fool lately joins wisdom-school
I see it has become de rigueur to faith bash. What nice humans we are.
Oh # C a e r p hill y , it makes me so happy to hear racism and homophobia from school kids on my bus.
Thanks for the lies...because I needed more of those in my life.
Ahhhhhhhhhhh ..... what a "beautiful" and "considerate" world we live in !!  #Good Morning
God forbid anything come between the First Child, his dog bite and his name in the headlines.
And remember the most important rule of feminism... hating all men! If you don't hate them, you are clearly failing at feminism.
Jupiter ascending looks like a cool movie  looks hella stuuuuups
dafuq! pake ESS Sabre. nice move. well, heloooo Wolfson / Cirrus Logic.
If a world cup is held in politics, SL would definitely clinch it. # l k a #Sri Lanka
my favorite part of having a dog is when she chews her bone while i'm going to sleep. not before i'm asleep.
Don't you just love it when you wake up with a headache? Especially when you have class in the morning!
Aw yeah. The game grumps subreddit loves me. :p
Oh Lord, just finished work & I now have a headache. Great.
My girlfriend told me to go out and get something that makes her look sexy... so I got drunk.
When wearing a bikini,women reveal 90% of their body....men are so polite they only look at the covered parts
Today was great. Got out of school early, we are going to district and just some food poisoning! What a great day
I don't wanna be here right now, thanks big bro you're the best!
I just LOVE it when people don't reply back # pet p e eve
Awww i so wanted more issues to work through with charley. Biting and a skin issues wasn't enough! # dog problems # rescue # me
Being ignored by someone is probs one of the best feelings ever... # at its finest
My favorite thing is when I tell people my name and they say "like Noah's ark?"
Really bummed to hear about the pet alligator of 40 years taken from its owner because it was eating neighborhood cats.
I love how # i tunes on #OSX sometimes splits albums in two when it should be one, so great!
Hey # able g : Can we skip #PST and go straight to #HST? It's easier for businesses to deal with and a pass through tax ;) # able g
Just wanted to thank all of you that posted pics of the temperature on your car dashboard today. You guys are the best. I mean it!!
Trade Kessel, Kadri, Rielly and Nylander for Max Domi. Do it now. # L e a f s
great hockey so far tonite eh.
So U.S. released 5 more prisoners from # G u an tan am o I guess #ISIS has 5 new recruits! Best administration EVER! # didn t mean that
Yes I really really really love being in the lab from 8AM to 6:30PM and then from 11PM to 1AM # cells are babies
Love going to bed in a bad mood
I've worked out like 7 times why the fuck haven't I lost any weight yet  but really lol
My favorite twitter accounts are the ones that just copy and paste text posts from tumblr
Some tweetscomments I get really confused by. I can't figure out if they like the person or not
Oh joy, Valentines Day is coming up. # single #Valentines Day
Wow. Who knew #KFC would make a sports star out of kids !! Wish I'd had access to it when I was younger. I'd have been in Aus now.
For my class I "have" to watch how to lose a guy in 10 days and the devil wears Prada # the horror # excited # my kind a class
Great! Cat scan the week of state.
I'm at the # Mercy of my # S in uses , one of the Joys of being a # Pa rent your Kid getting you # Sick . .
Now that was soooo NOT! obvious
No, wait, the 'brilliant' Nintendo marketing is targeting owners of the current 3DS version, wtf?! #Makes Total Sense
People need to become more original... seriously. Glad you can think for yourself.
Mmmmm Rex running his mouth again # shocker
Wow such a great day, taking a cold shower just made it even better.
My life is SO much fun! # oh well
So within a week the devil will be here. Woohoo.  #FML #Fuck Her
I mean what kinda fan says Brandon Holtby and Brian Trotz???? We are no doubt a hockey town
I'm being such a great girlfriend tonight! # sorry b a be
No, really? An O zone penalty called on Stoll? That never happens...  #L A Kings
# perk so f owning a cat the random hair in the back of your throat. # i m coughing a hair ball
People don't see the up side of the measles epidemic: kids are sick, some dead but no autism! Maybe!  #Jenny Mc Carthy Winning?
120 second snapchats are what I live for
So Cruz really is human. I thought he was a saint there for a minute  #Ted Cruz Crimes
I absolutely LOVE going book shopping for my last semester.  Nothing like spending $300 on books that will be used for three months.
I love how some people talk slick on social media and then block you before you can respond.
Hey you should totally bitch and complain about your life and how annoyed you are some more because we all totally care so much...
Nothing better than when the guy sitting next to you lops his entire body all over what is supposed to be your seat.
Wanna learn to speak Italian. Have no clue who I'd speak it with, but I don't speak english to too many anyway
If u can't afford college maybe u don't need to go to college. This country is full w/enough # B r a n i a c s . # Han n ity
After 2 hours of struggling on my computer I figured out how to make a graph thanks Mr. Roberts for the help
Shoutout to calc for making me feel like a superstar
Every Monday and Wednesday I get to spend 14 hours at school between class and my on campus job # blessed # shoot me
When ppl rip off your posts & claim them as their own. Smh. Social media brings out the best in ppl.
Atlanta Braves season tickets now on sale. $100 will get you front row seats behind the plate for the season.  #No But Really
Good quality time. Watching tv and on the phone
Thanks snap chat for informing me of the kite festival in India I wouldn't want to miss that spectacular event
Of course I want to buy you stuff cause you tweeted asking for it.
What a good point in my life to read The Bell Jar.
762: Naw dude. She's not gonna go with you. She's outta your league # j k # your last t we et
#Its Not Censorship Its stuff I don't agree with and therefore you shouldn't either. Seriously get with the plan.
Come on Jays, get to 20 for the half! # r o l l j a ys
Complete shocker that all 3 3rd per goals in Canadiens comeback W came from PP.  How many damn power plays can 1 team get??
Made it to Greenwood, MS. Yay. (tepid applause)
Oh well aren't you guys so considerate lol
"An ethical lapse by LMZ? I'm shocked!"  #SVU #Agent Provacateur
My son is only 8 year old to make a consecutive layups from both right and left tonight. Scholarship offer tomorrow? # s tat daddy
World's shortest joke :- papa.. kasam se deewar pe shampoo gira tha # jokes
You Don't deserve a Second Chance.
Now that Im actually seeing it, I'm SHOCKED that Selfie was cancelled so quickly.
But yay me I get to go back tomorrow -.- oh how I miss everyone!!
Also, super thrilled for tomorrow's endo appointment. # d s ma
Blessed to not have just 2 swim meets this week but 3 #Iroquois Invite
Lol I love when people don't reply It's like a personal sense of satisfaction when I don't get a response
We're voting to lower the minimum age for the presidency to 21? That'l solve ALL of the administrative problems in govt in Ireland.
Glad I have a true friend to talk to
so so happy I get to see the India kite fest on my snapchat it's great
Weird things about cities: non-fire related things cause the fire alarm to go off. You know, cause flooding is definitely a fire.
Skype call in number full... can't make it up! blogtalkradio scoring again  on the air soon!
I'm an excellent candidate to serve as a juror. greeeaaaat...
What's the solution for the Habs awful PP? More DD, of course. When something doesn't work, you MUST try the same thing OVER&Over.
I don't see what's so great about being popular tbh. Like cool you get to be a dick to everyone, That's so rad man. # the truth
Way to go # win n i peg for promoting # r a c i s m .
Worst part of that interference call? It was on Latta. # caps
I might be in love with Megan Trainer. What does this mean? Am I bi now? Just a phase? # Confused #Ido Actually Love Megan Trainer Though
DD on # H a b s powerplay. That will surely generate offence.
Ummm, I'm confused. Why would you invite a recently divorced individual to a Valentine's dinner for couples?? Sure sign me up!
Nuggets a perfect 2-0 since trading Timofey Mozgov. Cavs 0-3 with him. How come nobody talks about that addition by subtraction?
These refs are calling a great game
Wh a t h a ppened to bl a nket collection identifying terrorist plots? Or is it only reve a led a s needed? # prop a g a nd a
I'm having just the best night everrrrr .
It's my favorite time of the year: CoughNPee. CoughNPee.
Nothing I like more than after skipping lunch and finishing my workday late, knowing I then have to work from 10pm-1am.  #No Overtime
Pedestrian batting from McCullum today, zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz. # black caps #N Zv S L
Having some great luck this week
I am angry that Fox News and christian conservatives don't scream enough # angry white and proud
So many great baseball GM's on twitter tonight talking trade deals! # N a t s # Analysis
If we're really close, I send you the cutest snaps everrrr
The 30something mom standing around ending each non-sequitur with "anywhooo"is my favorite.
Oh, darn. The Avatar sequels have been delayed a year. I'm so upset.
Being a true Conservative. That's considered being a terrorist now a days  #Ted Cruz Crimes
The Gonchar trade to bolster the # H a b s PP has worked so well. . 4 forwards now & P.A. on the point = dysfunctional. #Go H a b s Go
He's not part of the establishment cabal. So that makes him an extremist  #Ted Cruz Crimes
I'm so glad Josh always thinks he's smarter than me. He's always right.
I just when creepy men comment on my pictures . lol.
When someone says a certain movie is their kind of funny... But the jokes keep flying over their head.  ain't for err one.
I love unsolicited advice on what to do with my life.
The best day ever is when you reach work and realize that it's your day off
So we need to again tag our Tweets with bcz hater idiots don't knw the Diffrnc or want to pretend we r an actual threat # D e s t i l e n c e
I love when people follow me and when I follow back they unfollow
I was hoping for a battle for wits but you appear to be unarmed.
I love the smell of greasy food from any restaurant after I get off work.
# t y t live Anything the Republicans say is necessary, we all know it, always is.
Please keep coughing and not covering your mouth. I'd love to catch your cold!
Based on Duquette's off-season you can really tell how hard he's trying to improve the Orioles. He must really want to stay
January should be renamed "fucking joggers everywhere." #Happy New Year # hate
# t y t live All these evil consumers getting in the way of big business
BTW at least we get to have another "Jim" coaching us in 2015! #49 e r s
My day just keeps getting better and better # awesome
It feels really good when someone who you thought you had a good friendship with, makes no effort to talk to you.
Thanks for posting the hybrid photos, world.  #Jurassic World.
Well, so glad i fucking bought it.....cause im totally going to fucking use it.......  #Fuck That Garbage
Hey #49 e r s fan congrats on the head coaching hire, great pick up
I just checked out the club. It's pretty dead. Wish it was Tuesday . # Tuesday
# angry white and proud flooding TL. Avoiding it but no doubt, working class only? Racism obv doesn't exist in middle/upper classes...
# T y t live Conservatives dont view non-whites or Christians as American? Nooooooooooo.
you know how to make me feel better
It's nice today I was super sore right so I went to kickboxing and the instructor had us do a whole lot of legs! Thanks!
Tomsula? Wow! Well at least he gets along with Baalke & Jed...That's the most important thing.
So glad we didn't go to school today. This weather is terrible.
Yeh dye your hair blue and call yourself artistic # real cool
I have people taking pictures Of my house. Yeah cuz that's what I need after people breaking in
So the temperature is dropping fast and I need to get in my walk. This is gonna be fun. # winter
Might have to do a book haul tomorrow, 'cause you know I have a lot of spare time to read books :P
I love when my students don't show up to their lessons. It's okay I have nothing better to do anyway # private teacher problems # music
It's a great feeling when you're told that a project you out a lot of time working on then submitted, gets deleted by the college...
Um, excuse me. Eye doctor? Could you put that stuff in my eyes that makes me shun light like a pot head? Thanks.
Thank you for responding to my texts, you are the world's #1 best friend.
Carter did a great job with that Iranian hostage crisis. Had his finger on the pulse of Islam. #The Five
Just LOVE when my bestfriend decides to stop talking to me.... # not at all
My life is full of so much excitement I literally paced in my living room for an hour today
Who's ready for class?!?? Turn up for sure...
Looks like I am a little bit more sarcastic today than normally. Should keep this up.  pays the soul`s bills.
Ah man!! Now Dumba may not be able to play in the minor league All Star game!!
Hell yes, textbooks only cost me $330
What a charming, attractive & well educated bunch of guys # angry white and proud - said with a hint of
You can now follow Prince William and Kate on Instagram # that is all # my life is complete
#why I Left because yes, I know # Jesus as my personal savior, and I think he did a bloody awful job. #but Actually
Has anyone made a What Does John Fox Say joke yet? Because someone totally should. # Bears # Bears Talk
Dear # Delhi , please vote #AAP for 5 years of protests, dharnas, fasts & petulance…by an elected govt. # Delhi WithModi # Delhi Next
So technically, no offense means, im about to insult you in front of everyone, please dont get mad # wt f #Wtf Humour
So after getting roundly beaten in # V a ran as i , # K e j r i w al comes back for more in #Delhi Next #Delhi With Modi …yeah..really smart!
Love when people take me for a fool
Quick # Oilers , trade Eberle! the # Y o t e s are officially starting their bid for McEickel. #Defend The Tank #Thats Our Pick
Now I really can't wait to go!
Ahhh angry, white and proud on channel 4 makes you proud to be British! What great people!
Well of course it's mild out today... Why wouldn't it be? It's not #Fuji Tuesday after all. # A n n o y e d #Cest La Vie :)
When your hair gets caught in your eyelashes
The school lunches turning healthy is such a good idea I love only eating 6 tater tots for lunch # hungry
I feel fabulous and confident and like I can handle everything.
Well that New Years resolution lasted long
Because Devan Dubnyk is TOTALLLLLYYY the answer in goal.... # m n wild
BBC picking the best game of the round again. #MOTD
Time to learn the steps of an abdominal exam! So fun!
Car problems! Woohoo! I LOVE CAR PROBLEMS  For some reason I never thought they'd happen to me. Now I know better.
Oh yay. Turns out my office has been paying for another office's network access for three years. # paper work
France identified 4th suspect. Just know it's just a wild coincidence that he/she is also a muslim. #Charlie Hebdo #Je Suis Charlie
So motivated for school tmrw :D # that
Ray Lewis your professionalism is just outstanding.
mike huckabee trying to run for president in 2016 and starts campaigning by dogging on obamas daughters. well thats a smart move
Exactly one month till my birthday... Turning 19 will be AWESOME # s o m a n y p e r k s
I love when people hit your car and don't leave a note.
Most boring game ever. Glad # law re n son was commentating else it could of been really really shit. #I P Sv S O T
How high and mighty of you for dissing another musician, Noel Gallagher. Everyone totally respects you now!
This has just been a really excellent day.
I see UPike baseball is up to their same ol' high quality, ultra-beneficial, circuit-station lifting. Lol
Sigh as much as I love your sports america.but you really do have some dumb people. Who shouldn't be allowed to use Internet.
As a white person I now feel persecuted for how much I shower # clean # the view
Good thing I'm in this class so I can learn the components of a narrative  #Fourth Year
I love how my body's response to stress is "Bloat! Bloat now! Bloat quick!"  (Is #TMI still a thing?)
James Cameron is delaying the Avatar sequels? Ahhh...come on! Dang it!
He scores when he wants, he scores when he waaannnntss, Danny Rose, he scores when he wants # the next g are t h bale
Tom Brady should be fined more for accidentally swearing than Ray Rice was for domestic violence.
YAY! Someone just burned popcorn in the microwave near my office! Smells AWESOME! # food
Love having such a strong support network. Can really feel like I have loads of people to talk to in a time of need
I love when people follow you....and then don't interact at all...don't you?
The weekend will come and you'll forget about me.... Great.
Risk arb had such a great year in 2014, it must now pile onto $BBRY with abandon hope.
Ahh... I love the peace and quiet one gets during lunch time.  #Teacher Problems
Builder $LEN reports earnings tomorrow. It may not want to hold a conference call after the disaster from $KBH yesterday.
Yes, because the seasons before didn't.  #last R T
Damn I really wish I was at the kite festival in India.
hearing racist people talking is so enlightening.  like ive said stupid shit in the past but w ow
Sometimes I want to ask people how they deal with the pressure of being so goddamned perfect #Im Kind Of A Big Deal # must be tough
Oh boo hoo I'm blocked by E.L. James.  good I don't give a flying duck.
The orthodontist loves making my mouth look good.
Thank fuk bbc chose the soton game and not the spurs game # z z z z z z
Social networks should play into the psychological games and rename "Followers/Friends" to "X More Followers/Friends Than You"
Cracking atmosphere at Portman Road tonight. # pin drop
The dismantling of the Braves continues. I guess no one will agree to take BJ Upton, so we have that going for us!
Great to see Bony thanking the Swansea fans and club for all their investment and support # big time
Taking about politics in my math class. Oh...what a delight... :P # u g h
Love when people only talk to me when they want something
Looking forward to today's two-hour department meeting. And tomorrow's hour and a half all-staff! (Do I have to hashtag ?)
I love being interrupted so much, often times I interrupt myself. # true story & same time
Communication people, communication... Issues like this make me so glad to be back at work and away from my baby
No, it's okay. I don't mind spending a total five minutes learning and the rest doing roll call.
Getting background checks for tutoring job and substitute permit....can't wait for this total.
Thanks #M Ms for expanding the movie boxes and still decreasing the amount of peanut m&ms I receive. # hopeless # mars
Oh yay skittles in 45 minutes # f ml
Nothing better than a good tribal tattoo  #No Swooning For You #Get A Real One Next Time Bruh #Not Impressed
Just my luck that before I have to take an important test I get incredibly sick. My life is the gift that keeps on giving. # Sick
I ate two apples today! # total health # new year new me # clean eating ( )
Hey America, lets go ahead and take a couple of steps backwards instead of forwards. Well done Congress! # Progress
I'm beginning to think that the # c o n s e r v a t i v e s who follow me or favorite/retweet me don't understand or # irony . # epic fail
I use the right amount of paper. Some of you use too much and some too little.
First the dentist, now the eye doctor. What a fun day.
Hoping everyone in the CLT area is surviving the icy conditions. We WILL have church tonight for those willing to face the peril.
Hahah...but funny fact is that MattBomer won a Globe for TNH, which Jamie will not do for FSOG! # ironic # whatever
Lovely night of proof reading to look forward to
I got a smart phone. I can't wait to take pics of my feet, food, & the temp! #lastpersontogetsmartphone # upgrade #R I Pmediocrephone
Insulting religious caricatures is freedom of speech. Isn't supporting the terrorist of #Charlie Hebdo attack in same category?
So...this is nice. We now potentially have enough Marvel spoilers to ruin the movies for the next few years. Who's excited?
So excited to have to do 6 more midterms......
At what point does Gus just let Blake call his own plays? # J a g u a r s
After plan C failure, plan D was actually "Dholki" n "Dance". Imran Khan disclosed.  #I Kmaster Of Uturn
Twitter in real life # awkward Real life on twitter
It's cold. You are welcome for that update. Follow for more relatable teen posts.
Going to the dentist! Wooooooo  has anyone ever said that? Please cause me pain and bill me!
My buddy made me laugh..sent me text that he's a pd assassin working w/ Kurt's ex..I always sensed something dangerous about him
Project meeting with a vendor. The whole team keeps using "You Guys" for a workgroup pronoun. #Team Awesome
Yay, more chain tags. Everyone just knows how much I love them ... cough cough
Every talking head on CNBC is bearish as of today... Aren't they all way right? Only wish they have a CNBC hedge fund!
Man, that rush was rough. Two whole pizzas; I'm beat.
Jews are living peacefully in Iran, a Muslim country.. Yeah.. Islam is the religion of "terrorism"  #Je Suis Charlie #Who Is Muhammad
Huge shock and surprise throughout Ireland as a female inter county footballer comes out as gay! # revelation
Calling every single girl you dated in the past a bitch is so mature of you.
An insult is never good, that's why it isn't a Good Insult! # just saying # insults
New 3ds uses micro sd cards instead of standard... YAY
Smacking my head against the computer hoping I will understand my physics course is definitely what I wanted to do with my day!
Thank you so much for posting the class online today... # p is sed off
Day is off to a good start.
If u gonna be a cock sucker, be the best cock sucker in the madafkin' world! # motivation al quote # humor
I’m so glad stop signs & lights are optional in #SMTX... No citizen should be regulated & expected to obey the law.
# bath age hoops clinches a playoff birth for the 5th straight year with a forfeit win over Leadership... # joy
Guess anyone supporting BJP is paid now .. And everyone supporting AAP is epitome of honesty .. Wish I get my cheques soon though
Thanks alot pharmacy for making me feel like a dumb shit! Just realised i have no clue how to do long division # great
Krystian Bielik is the answer to all our problems # A r se n al
Clearly Nazis were provoked into killing millions of Jews, Christians, Muslims, & non-Germans they disagreed with.  #Je Suis Charlie
What a fabulous morning this has turned out to be
Just saw #BB8. Haters, it was not a smooch but just a peck on the cheek. #Karishma Tanna Craze GG k fan ho kar bhi itni NEGATIVITY?
I don't know much about pjanic but I'm sure a YouTube compilation will be accurate
I just love hole punching and binding training material.
I love it when people tell me "oh you look tired." Just love it. Thanks for the compliment # sleepy
Thank goodness for that! First day down, no fun! #8 Weeks Of Fun # counting down the days
Love when a coworker gives me past due invoices asking why they aren't paid but this is the first time I've seen them
These last few months the number of online people saying "go heat" has gone down drastically. Wonder why?
My credit card got compromised for the first time. So exciting.
Keep on complaing but watching and tagging. That's the right way to express your aversion
just realized my 1000 tweet is thanking tyler # wrong
I love email wars in the morning. Especially if they are ones that ruin my personal reputation with the balmain showroom...
Everyone looks so happy coming out of college... # Z o m b i e s
I have a maths exam tomorrow I just cannot wait for that lovely exam. # i h a t e m a t h s
gez, that cheap-style of some elite is amazing ! gonna learn it someday
I love when it's the very first day of class and the professor shows up late...
Glad the whole place hasn't gone MENTAL because there is *SOME* snow . # snow # only happens every year # winter # get a fuck in g grip
Surprised of the lack of sightings of Defoe at Seaham Hall
"Try not to call women bitches, but the bitches love it" - didnt drake say something like this at one point? Cuz if he said it...
Negative temperatures, still school, smart choice Michigan, Smart choice
Oh great i'm losing my voice. that's the best thing for a Critic and Journalist
Pneumonia at work is great for the body.
Sumtimes Im pro-death penalty Ex) U speed by, then try 2 cut N my lane last minute-I generously allow U in- U dont courtesy wave
Not enough tweets this morning about the 3DS XL
hearing 20 applications for the head coach job, how quick was that process?!! very impressive KM # c a f c
Pavlov explained in three simple steps: Shitty retail sales -> Fed won't raise rates -> BTFD
Thankfully, the temperature has risen to zero degrees. I thought it was going to be cold today. Dodged that bullet. # weather
Oh good. George Lopez is making a comeback.
When you're ill at work and all your colleagues tell you how great you look
Beautiful day for a wintry drive in #NOVA traffic ::
Nebraska finishes outside the top 25... again. Those 9-win seasons are pretty great, right? # process # Bo
Sure family, on top of my jobs making me work every single day I'll do what you want too! Because I have SO MUCH TIME! # p is sed off
Nothing like calculus early in the morning to brighten someone's day
Write a ten page paper or make a poster with no specific requirements other than size and that it has to be neat #Hard Decisions
A balmy -12 (without wind chill) to start the day. How lovely. .
#Nintendo Direct Eu After Candycrush jrpg, candycrush mario we present candycrush pokémon! .... yaaaaay
Love walking into work, a place I have worked for 3 years, and being asked “so what do you do?” #Feels Great
So much for text me right
I can tell todays going to be a wonderful day
This has been just a fabulous week....
Hmm...Would I rather celebrate National Hot Pastrami Sandwich Day, or Organize Your Home Day? Tough choice, right? # holiday
sprinting across campus for class after erging is amazing.
Super excited for my 8 hour food sanitation class today.
Wow I feel so smart after learning Semi-colons and colons
makes you mentally stronger. Which is very effective when dealing with emotional stress and fustration.
$1.93 at the pump? Goddamn Obama administration.
When's the cartoons of 9/11 of people jumping from the twin towers coming? #Charlie Hebdo #Freedom Of Speech #Freedom To Offend
Lost 6 followers. Thank you really appreciate it.
It's a blizzard in the Boro and no city school delay?
This has been an interesting journey. #Wisdom Teeth Extraction # Step 1 #Cant Wait To See Whats Next #Its Y O U R Plan God
My favorite part of living in buffalo is the days when I get to wake up to a balmy 0°F # summer come faster
3 hours of sleep.. Sure all I wanna do is wake up & go to class.
I've had 2 consecutive mock xams. Each worse than the other. Hoping 2moro MATH will be bettet. # in my dreams # sad reality # l i f e s u c k s ..
So great that Mike Huckabee is working overtime to eliminate any gains the GOP has made with Independents over the last two years.
Wow, my tweets from yesterday are really normal.
I love when my dad has to take me to school in his cop car.
Yay I get to drive to Hartlepool soon
Funny, We're all being played with, while acting like it's WE doing it all, Even funnier they're getting what they want. ,evil sis.
Gotta love breaking friendships over silly shit
Good thing #TFC traded a top level player for the chance at an ok player. I'm filled with confidence for 2015 now
There's this freshman talking about going into the boys locker room in middle school # your such a rebel
I'm so glad they decided to have the parade at this time. I've seen so many wonderful things while stuck in traffic.
I smell Shit and it's not just you...
Chepstow have moved their inspection for Friday's meeting to this afternoon from tomorrow. Bodes well.
It's already 6:15 in the morning. Don't ya just love getting up so early for work?!
"This sucks so bad I'm gonna kill myself" "This makes me wanna blow my brains out" HAHAHAHA SO FUNNY
Being completely exhausted but unable to get good sleep is such a great combination.
....our residence life mentor is the treasurer well i didn't see THAT one coming at all
Haven't slept a wink. Today is gonna be the best day ever.
Got a date with court system, I'm excited!
No thing I love more then being ignored # favour it e # thing
Iran condemns #CharlieHebdo's cover of Muhammad. What a shocker for a country that has zero free speech or freedom of religion.
oh that would be a great birthday present.
Imran Khan travelling in a 32-cars-convoy in # P e s ha war !! I must admit he is a simple and public leader!! #PTI
Everyone here is #anti-selfie, pro , attracted to # s a p i o s e x u a l s and repulsed by the government.~~ # t wit t e r
Drove most of the way to work this morning to find out it was closed 14 miles away. Cheers boss for the message !
Ambiguity is not part of my diction,  is - unless you don't know the difference.
you live once.."scarface died before he cud do part 2"...
Well, I guess I need to learn how to fall asleep to the sweet sound of my roommate and her ex getting stoned and being loud...
Trying to understand a 600 line long embedded C function is my idea of "fun"
My level of is to a point where I don’t even know if I’m # kidding or not….
Another 'helpful' scientific article about #MECFS in today's Daily Mail I see...
Navigated this chaotic weather this morning. # mental Made it to uni #Risk And Reward
you call me your friend but where were you when my selfie only had 4 likes?
"I know you all love some economics first thing in the morning" - My business teacher And no sir. No we do not.
Hey does anyone know where I can send caricatures of the Queen of England so the world can see my artistic flair.
Nice to see the usual # u k i p bigots lumping all 1.5 b # m u s l i m s into the same group of # c hr ist i an hating, # western hating bigots.
Ah the wake up call of a howling child and their screeching mother! The joys of living along the school run!
If you don't tweet at least 7 times a day about food, school, your boyfriend, or your insecurities, we can't be friends.
I would have loved a lie in this morning... thanks cookie # top dog
Severe delays on the # p i c a dill y line . Can't wait to get kings cross. Not going to be manic at all # not # a r g h # t f hell
#Je Suis Charlie & #Je Suis Thankful 4 z few fanatics 4 spreading the word about our unknown sleazy tasteless ugly & awful drawings!
Work is going to be rough today. Have to work 4 whole hours before being taken out to lunch by the company. Pray for me, twitter
Nothing like a bowl of muesli and a glass of water at your desk to start the day! At least I have food...! # diet
Oh my god look at all this snow!!!
So this lovely Aussie summer atm contains rain and cold wind
Good to see all the TV channels showing the Charlie Hebdo special edition cover...  #Bottle Job
So today will be amazing after 4 hours sleep!
Love waking up to there been snow on the ground even if it is just a bit # fuck off
I just love not being able to sleep because of the sounds of these coyotes
Of course they gave preliminary approval for the ferris wheel. San Diego has no other need for that $200 million at this time.
Oh, I'm sorry hubby's hospital roommate if my emotional breakdown woke your snoring as up.  Fuck you, grumpy old man.
# true story Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble.- Frank Tyger
I've had the BESTEST day ever :-))
Add "ringing ears" to my list of symptoms definitely gonna get lots of great sleep tonight!!  #
Poor thing cant seem to handle pressures that comes with HER JOB ... :( .. poor victim ..everybody is so BAD :(
I love it when people ignore my text msgs and i know they're doing it.
Hmm, ya we got great communication skills.
No better news to come home to after a long work day than a Duke loss at home....
Lunch with fambam..My favey food has just been served..and i'm so happy coz i can't eat it! # bum me r # p e p t i c ulcer # k are k are
So the Kings let like 10 seconds go off the clock before they foul Monta. That's great bball IQ
Bloody love my job on days like these # living the dream
Second day of class and I've already developed a constant headache. Great. I can tell this semester will be fantastic. # college life
An exam on my second day of school. Yayyyyy. # life of a nursing student
Nothing tastes better than gluten free cereal and soy milk after the gym. # i n t o l e r a n c e s u c k s # i want cheese
You're funny. You really really are. # sub t we et
A gentleman is a patient wolf! # Gentleman guide # Wolf
That awesome moment when you drink that delicious tasting niquil...
Feminism is the radical notion that women are people. Crazy right?
Paid $0.04 USD for my Canadian Bank account. Taxes are the worst. # taxes
Can't wait to watch Gailey's offense. Really exciting, high-octane stuff. Worked amazingly in BUF I wonder why he got fired. #NYJ
Because it's always more fun to be a passive aggressive child... Not! # annoyed # g ah
My night shall consist of pandora and note cards #This Sould Be Fun
I just told Al her prize for throwing something away for me was "getting to snuggle with her old man". Her response "Yeah"
Oh boy, I'm so excited to have Lucy J Repko tomorrow...
As if my day couldn't get any better, now a backstreet boys song is stuck in my head. Faaaaaantastic.
I can't believe Smith committed a dumb foul
Tweets with errors are my fave
Omg yes i cant wait to see the newest nicki minaj documentary..i miss watching her scream at her production team and staff..
Poor Duke...I'll try and find a way to move on. # P u k e #I Hated Duke Before It Was Cool
i like the way guys twitter flirt you know retweet something and add a girls name to end
Rain is in the forecast for the #G Bvs S E A game. Rain in # Seattle , folks. # big surprise
chemistry homework is my favorite thing to do!
Awww the Cameron crazies are quiet, makes me sad
Thoughts lately - "oh good.... another show about a boy."
Duke going down again. Back to back losses Coach K on hot seat?
So we're gonna get freezing rain. This is nice.
Omg, Miley shared a naked picture of herself?!? Oh yeah...because the first 200 weren't shocking. # just stop # no class
Oh boy my brother is raging at FIFA. It'll be a very good night for me
Shot you want right there...White from 22. # hawk eyes
Awesome how Cjes shows how much JYJ is a group by providing individual colored lightsticks.
2 for 2 today # ya y # f ml
Who needs to go out when you could just stay in and do math homework all night? # ya y # living the life
Thank you for your nice and generous comments. # w o w # crossed the line bud
tonight's game confused me so much. good thing I'm just a useless cheerleader.
I sure do love when the fire alarm goes off at 10:20 when it's 8 degrees out and I just got out of the shower. Its the best!
Love hearing dicky V talking about duke while calling a UK game # Go BigBlue
So. Stoked. To be at west tomorrow all day.
Can't wait to give my oral presentation to my class on the first day Mercury goes retrograde
George Pataki and Mitt Romney likely running for President. Clearly the #GOP is going for personality in #2016
3.20am. Can't sleep. Too hot possibly due to illness + neighbours still have their bedroom tv on :( I'm sure gonna be useful today.
I love how Twitter follows the most random people for me.
SO excited for feb. A whole month of recognizing MLKJ,Jackie Robinson & Rosa Parks as the only black folk to ever do anything
Accidentally favoring my tweets. I'm so loved.
So nice to see a debate of policy and no childish personal attacks this election.
Because bombing mosques in Paris is sooo not terrorism....
Woah a fast food outlet got a twitter account? now thats innovation! what are they going to tweet? # ads ads ads # g o o d o n e m a c c as
i love coming home to an awkward situation following by more stressful situations.
"These are $4.99." OH thank you as the cashier I did not know how to find the price on your item and I needed your help # retail
PBS has a show on about some guy named Putin. Hopefully he's a really heroic, fun guy who I can look up to.
What's so bad about # copper meltdown? Now we can actually afford to mint pennies again. # p unintended
It's great that my tuition went to a new gym rather than build more parking lots. Why use the gym when I can just walk a mile?
# b am a hoops Grant haters against him because he is black. It has absolutely nothing to do with his stagnant offensive imagination.
if people believe the gov't can spend our money better than us, let's give them ALL of it # able g
That makes me so totally happy.....
They didn't score in the 3rd!? Let's fire Cappy! Enjoy the season even the lows, #be L Ieve # is les
# c a vs another 30 point defensive quarter, yea all they needed was LeBron back.
The Wild need to go get Cam Ward tonight. This goaltending is atrocious. Couldn't have seen this coming beginning of the year.
I just love it when my own mother doesn't believe in me!
CAVS always getting unlucky bc opposing team always has their best shooting night against them. It is just coincidence # C a vs
It's like I was saying earlier Mo Williams will blow up for 50 points tonight #DFS # n b a
Poor Bella, gets a DUI and then off to New York to live on her own in such a horrid dorm room. Life is tough. #RHOBH
Can't wait for Tanner Glass to be put back into the lineup and really inject life into the team's play. #NYR
Should have put in curry 3 goals ago. Look at the response... # m n wild
So Yeo will likely be fired for not having an even slightly competent goalie but Fletcher will keep his job. Makes sense # m n wild
Everybody's scoring except Crosby, so he sucks and we should trade him.  #Lets Go Pens
some bitch: omg u wore that shirt the other day me: yeah well in my house we have this amazing thing called a washing machine
Nice to see Matt Cooke has changed # Go on Once a goon always a goon
I'm guessing the whole cast didn't get together for Bella's tiles. She must be so hurt.  #RHOBH
So I'm at Kaiser rwc ER if anyone wants to party # w he e
I see Viewmonts students are classy.
this urban planning class is so interesting !
Hopefully Tony's new love will die or turn traitor so all the #NCIS TIVA shippers who feel personally jilted will be happy.
And I have bronchitis. 2015 is wonderful!
Trade Lundqvist, he can't win faceoffs either.
Because watching Black Swan after a terrible day is a great choice.  #poorlifechoicesmadewithenthusiasm
I'm glad to see we have moved past outrage over riots. # progress
I've been every bitch mofo and a nigga all day sigh I knew today would be great
Zoe Keats looks older than Tony, how are u suppose to keep the younger audience # n c is ? Oh that's right: Bishop!
Your not the first and won't be the last. # get over it # shit happens
Yay for 2015! It's been just the way I've wanted.
With my service down I can't imagine how many texts I'm missing.....
You know what the Rangers need for this game. Tanner Glass.
Forgot how great it felt to cry in the shower ....
this day just keeps getting better and better.
My wife says it's important to let a man think a good idea was his own. I'm glad I taught her this.
Nothing makes you want to play # video games like looking at the true gems that have looked at your # on line dating profile.
My sister calls me didi and insults me in the same sentence... #Well Then Thanks #I Love You Too
I can't even watch pretty little liars welcome back stress I sooo missed you
Totally didn't see that coming with Caleb..  #P L L Social Hour
So I missed a Minnesota goal on my way home. Great
Ooooooh! Same exceptional # Rogers internet connection tonight
I've had a really great start to this new freaking year
I wish all the subscription services I paid for would frequently go offline without notice. It's a great business model. #PSN
YAY IM SO EXCITED FOR WEDNESDAY !! I CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU POST UR WCW
Don't you just love it when programs crash and render your computer useless? I know I do!
T's having an energizing effect on # k u b ball I've never seen that happen before
It's a well documented fact that wearing your hat to the side makes you 25% cooler.
"Life tip: do not have emotions"
Can't wait for an update of AC: Unity to make it run 40fps. XD
Jack Del Rio has such a keen offensive mind. He's perfect for Derek Carr.  #Raider Nation
Good thing public speaking is my forté.
Such a great start to this week today.  Can someone just put me out of my misery now please? #Save Me
Baby sick for 9 days and counting and finding out I may have a huge pay cut # great week
Why was Backstrom pretty much at the center line there?  . You're a goalie, you're suppose to protect the goal.
Took an entire month but I've FINALLY received my new debit card. So excited.
I love when people don't text me back.
No Routes Found, this summer's hottest new Indie band. Oh you've never heard of them? I knew them before they were cool. # b on n a r o o
Hey, is there anything good on TV tonight? # Isles
I love no shows at work.
Gotta love the mta No train will let me on even tho tech there's more trains cuz the 2&3 are on the local track # f b
Someone tagged, Eric, Kak Lat & I in a tweet with a picture of a candle shaped like a man's genitals. How classy.
I wonder when will the rumours about them dating will start  #Fuck Off
Second car problem of the year...already! I'm sooooo lucky!
Dear parents, Thanks for leaving me with two weepy children. # what is my life # u g h
What are friends for right? # are you dumb
# Bo eh ne r to # O b am a : We truly want to work together with you in the new Congress...just dont expect any cooperation from us!!!
Lol, this just gets better and better.
Love it when teachers think that their class is the only class at school.
Can't wait to drive to work at 6:30 tomorrow
# t y t live Fox News is the best news. They da bomb!
I lost a shitload of friends today whoop whoop
Loving this British weather, never really expected this
Going to brave Birmingham tomorrow evening. Hopefully the Muslims will let me in. # fox news facts #Fox News
can't wait for those fun wacky Wednesday Instagram posts!!! #Shit No One Says
I love working with someone who knows everything # no thinking involved # i ma l ways wrong
One more night without sleeping..? Och.. Okey.... # night girl ^^ #Love To Be Student ^^
"Stewart Downing misses", something I thought I'd never hear said!!
Well it's official..the Clare Clan is down for the count with some kind of stomach bug. # woo h o o # sickness # so great
Why is my ex in my Bio class? How did I get so lucky? # Really #Shoot Me
uuuggghh my week is starting of great
I get to travel to the middle of the iceberg that is central Iowa later tonight. Good times, good times.
We always have that one guy or girl in class that literally knows everything and is always right and is just perfect.
Hi I'm on the Bachelor and I fell "head over heels" for this dude I just met like 20 minutes ago and wanna marry him!  #The Bachelor
I'm sure the same people who called WVU fans "inbreds" and "hillbillies" over the celebration riots are calling out OSU fans too.
Newsflash *all feminists are lesbians and all straight women don't want gender equality*
Wow what a twist. Nothing like this has ever been done before. I am blown away.  #CBB
Re that last rt: Oh how offul that she didn't have a husband. .
Abington reminded me how much I missed seeing white boys in shorts in the middle of January
I don't now about you but it's always makes me feel better when a team runs up the score using backups!
How do I feel about grad school? I was apparently typing in my sleep over the weekend. This anxiety is fun.
Ever have those days you wish the purge was real? Yea me neither.... # bad day # people suck
A lecture and 2 meetings tomorrow. Sounds fun yay
Casually doing an essay on The Battle of Hastings so fun yay
So anonymous that question. I have absolutely no idea who that text could have been from # l on don #V Cup2 #BJ
Exam week, the most wonderful time of the year # not # stress overload # my mus c les are hurting #: c
Walgreens pharmacists always give the most helpful advice, and by helpful I mean useless. # thanks for all the help
Thanks for giving me $2.60 for those three Abercrombie shirts platos closet! I won't spend it all in one place!
12 notecards away from being done w 67 of t h em.. # t h ank u biology # h and cramp
I can only imagine how much better the game would have been if we had B1G Coach Of Year Jerry Kill instead of this Urban fellow.
Perez Hilton is the best house mate ever  #CBB
I love how Hotep Brothers build you up with all this queen talk and then give you a speech on "knowing your place".
Cause ERRBDY know how to do hair now days
Also since Wake Forest beat Virginia Tech and Virginia Tech beat Ohio State. Does that make Wake Forest better than Ohio State?
Special guests for Dominik Hasek night at FNC include Darius Kasparitius, John Leclair and Brett Hull. # S a b r e s
4 classes so far, 9 books required. hopefully that fifth one adds 3 more...
I love how you can do everything right and still be wrong
3 stooges, McCain, Ayotte & Graham talk a good game abt stopping terror threats, yet they're opposed to closing Gitmo. Makes sense
How did the # austerity vote go surely with socialist labour voting alongside the SNP, the Greens and Plaid Cymru it was defeated!?
I put out before the first date.
The staff at Lenox is so nice...
How nice....My history teacher is the Dean of CBC... # great
Squad looks pretty good, so Sam'll bring on Nolan as soon as possible. ?
Nice knowing my friends would text me to ask how I'm feeling, after going home sick..
If you want to be apathetic...I don't care! # t c o t # c c o t
My luck is impeccable today # u g h
Sell everything. Markets always crash because of low rates, low unemployment, low gas, and an optimistic public...
can tell I'm not at work this week pj days and films and job hunting! # living the life
Nothing like delivering to a group of giggly girls at Anderson high school... smh.....
Yeah keep stabbing my heart.. Again and again and again. I don't mind.
Fyi: in my book... Rudeness, lies,and untruths gets you everywhere! # smart ass
Can this week get any better?!
Alice screaming "im not cranky!" Is super convincing.
One of my favorite things to do each year is to sit at the Alcohol Beverage Commission ALL DAY LONG to renew my liquor license.
At home on a Tuesday at 2, eating chocolate santas in January. My life seems on track # about me
Man, I'm loving the weather in Chattanooga lately! # ready for spring
The best way to mourn and celebrate the lives of people who were tragically murdered is to offend more people.
Get to change my car's tire today! Exuberant triumphant pride!  #DIY transition from theory to practice.
Coastal Road # V e r s ova to #Marine Drive in # M um b a i in 45 minutes .. Grand Kids ! R u listening Beta's/Beti's ? #Dream On !!
I love short responses that you can't even respond to when you're texting someone...
All that new RAM sure has made FA load faster.
I just love sitting here watching Justin play Xbox (:
I just love when I only get 2 hours of sleep before finals
Rick Ross delivers just what hip hop has been missing with Hood Billionaire, a soundtrack for the drug dealers.  #Late Pass
Well I'm glad to see all the Independents taking it easy during this "slow" period of the year in winter.... OMG
There are people caring and then theres me over thinking grumpy..
I bloody love it when assignment details are changed.......after you've submitted Cheers then # un i problems
so, ya know, this year is starting off fantastically!!  #Can We Just Fast Forward To Next Year Already ?
People be nice to others. If that's difficult then atleast pretend.  #True Though
Buying opportunity of a lifetime . .. . .
Nice #MSM, nice. There's no double standard there.
I'd like to meet the person who decided it was a great idea to have EOC exams for PE... # G en i us .
My love for people watching goes so well with living on a college campus. # l ol # i crack myself up # entertain men t h
I'm glad I didn't have plans or homework tonight since I now have to be package help.
How can I leave now that I'm getting all this praise at work?! # too little too late
Seriously just got to laugh at some people # friends
That moment when someone texts you first, you reply & they either: 1. Wait close to an hour to reply 2. Don't text back # love it
All I want to do is finish #BOSSYPANTS, but I have to coordinate volunteers for important events. UGGHH. # sort of #Nonprofit Problems
I love watching a large chunk of my money disappear out of my bank account! # masters degree # tuition deadline
Wow, THREE enclosures you say? Amazing.  #Citrix Summit
#E P T Live Hawkins can learn from Phil Helmuth about being calm and not tilting # feel game
The best birthdays are always spent at the Real Canadian Superstore
That awesome feeling of paying back your student loans!
I forgot how much fun finance is.
I forgot to add the  in my last tweet.
Might as well pack up and move. With no oil there's no more industry in Alberta.
Can't wait to see you ...
Now I have blisters on my feet as well as on my hands. Yaaaaaaaay
Can all of you lovely peeps out there help us grow out following # Ironic #Spread The Word
everyone knows the best way to get your point across is by destroying things, be it in protest or celebration for your sports team.
To be fair, Rep Weber said Obama was NOT like Hitler cuz he DIDN'T go to Paris, explaining why POTUS is NOT as great as Hitler.
if # religion is so bad that even # Education has given it # weapons of mass destruction 2 kill humans I thank # educated fools for it
That's last tweet was  by the way
You know you're having an awesome day when you get hit and kicked by a kid # two year old tantrum
Being forced to go swimming... Yay It's gonna be fun!
Yesterday was hashtag-kiss-a-ginger-day. How *do* I miss these things.
I love the people who just think that being a friend is just being there. who will be there when you need it? # true friends only xxoo
Love when people quadruple post pictures of their children on Instagram every day.  #We Get You Have A Child
Gee do I just love having mid-week days off!
The # N i n e r s are trying to sign the # Broncos OC as their HC. I for one, would love to have Peyton Manning as SF's head coach.
Everyone knows the more lenses you have, the better photographer you are! That's definitely how it works, right? # photograph y
Clippers and Lakers playing a RARE Tuesday morning game at 8:43, Clippers beating the Lakers 70-48, haha! # come on magic john son
Rome was not built in a day,” they often pontificate. This is a ploy to have us permanently postpone our expectations. # G e j 2015
Thanks for keeping it classy Columbus. #National Champs
Well despite the travel being bumpy from start to finish, i still get to go deal with a very disinterested client # cons
Peaceful protesters = Rioters. Crazed fans celebrating a win by setting fires and destroying property = Revelers. Well done, media.
Waking up to texts from my Captain makes my day start off right.
I'm not sure...was there a game on last night? lol who won? I can't tell...
Just so excited for this 3 hour lab, yay!
Wait, it's cold outside? No one on social media told me! #isanythingelsehappening? # i get it
Shout out to all my "friends" that have talked to me since I've been gone
As long as #Charlie Hebdo and freedom of speech and all, they may I say #Je Suis Hitler? Oh let's draw a cartoon depicting Jews?
What a lovely morning I'm having...
Good news everybody, #Scorpion King4 comes out on today.
Cold sore is the size of China. # ha ha # big ol than g # e w w
Its not creativity but wrong logic.
Dear Mercedes drivers who use 2 parking spots: it's not cold and I don't mind walking further. You're not a bad person.
LRT, I mean I GUESS Atlanta's new stadium is just OK.
I love ppl who tweet and RT flat-out lies about themselves!
So I guess we're going to an 8 period schedule next year # great
Just what every trucker wants to see: come off a 10-he break to see your next load picks up in 12 hrs.
A day without  is like...never mind, I'll let you know if it ever happens!
I can already tell sociology is gonna be fun.
Don't you love it when your brilliant idea falls brilliantly onto the page without any hiccups? Me too. # in case you we rent sure
This dude just said he plagiarized last year in English and that he still passed. I JUST LOVE COLLEGE
my favorite part of winter! Going out in the freezing morning & wait 30 minutes for the street sweeper to pass  atitsfinest
Results back from the hospital: not the best news :/.. More tests. Woopee(!)
Leaving school to study. This is the life
Just what I love to do... Spend my Tuesday Morning at Newark Hospital worried sick about my grandma. # worried
2015 is already going my way.
I am so happy the people 2 doors down enjoy using saws in the morning.
Also, I am SHOCKED that cops had to use tear gas on OSU students. Shocked.
I love how the simplistic of statuses get likes when they aren't even funny. # don t like #Dont Like That
Lubbock, TX Buffalo Wild Wings adds surcharge for Obama-Care, all of 14¢ on a $6.99 subtotal. Wow, that's gonna CRUSH the economy
Nobody makes my day more than Mr. Mikels
As a pedestrian, I love the taste of road salt blowing in the wind... # Boston # people before cars ?
Though shall not kill. Period. "But what about cows, pigs, hens, ducks and turkeys?" "Hmmm... Yeah... Those r probably ok.. Lol!
Iclients who make me wake up at 6 to come train them when I don't work until 11  &then THEY'RE late when I live 30min away & u 5
My time at the # dentist really allows for reflection and introspection.
We can't be friends, if you can't understand my sarcastic jokes. Byee||
Gee, thanks AAE lab for totally letting us know before hand we don't have lab on this frigid morning
My bffe is off suspension today maybe shell tell me more about her butt pads I cant wait
Like thanks dad for reminding me every morning on my way to school how shitty i am. I appreciate it.
I don't know, Delivering Alpha usually partners with smart organizations to disseminate information.
Visiting tooth doc again. Maybe 3rd time is the charm. Favorite way to start the day!
Oh I do so love it when my post code is described as an "out of area" or "not Mainland UK" delivery area!
Over heard two girls saying they won't go to a Cards game unless it's in green seats... That's some real dedicated fans right there
Having to listen to the Van bloke from them Bottlefish clowns. He sounds like a modest chap # b or r ell
So all you legit MMA fans aren't applauding the drunk driving coke snorting Jon Jones for his one night of rehab!?  #Fuck Jon Jones
Thanks, .NET, for being so version-independent.
Sings everything is awesome at work, the ode to teamwork.../...song of  bunch of backstabby b**ches
Coin ! LeCoinCanard: Coin ! LeCoinCanard: Coin ! DawahTweet: Cyber Hacking has nothing to do with Islam  #Not In My Name
Nothing like starting your day at #Jiffy Lube after an awful night sleep. # Tuesday
Back at UIC hospital. Can't wait for my shot of neupogen!
at this point, seriously want to not watch this show at all. but we'll excuse Will's behavior bc Horita is "hot" gimme a break
Coin ! LeCoinCanard: Coin ! DawahTweet: Cyber Hacking has nothing to do with Islam  #Not In My Name
Can't think of a better way to start my day than to be sitting in the doctor's office
Oh you know, it's not that cold out I guess. Only -2. No biggie. # wanted my delay
Why won't Israel just give up it's sovereign country and let its people be slaughtered? Must be their fault.
the use of coming soon in bopeu fandom might as well mean as see you in a year
Coin ! DawahTweet: Cyber Hacking has nothing to do with Islam  #Not In My Name
Cyber Hacking has nothing to do with Islam  #Not In My Name
When I think of all things Ohio, my go-to commentary is Maurice Clarrett.
Aww man, I totally love waking up with a touch of vertigo. It's the highlight of my day.
Tak sanggup nak baca koreaboo punye kenkomen. 'meleisien' you did a 'great' job to make muslim look bad to the world
Listen to the ringtone and click the green button on your screen! Answering a call is that easy! # irritated
I'm doing video stuff, at 7:30am, and I haven't slept yet. I'm smart.
Is it snow ing!? Would have never noticed..or seen it myself!! Cheers guys # snow # get over it
Just to clarify it.... NO I'm not naked in my profile pic. Did you know they make dresses without straps!! Yeah...So shut it.
Where is the United States Android L update? Way to keep us posted Samsung.  #Galaxy S5
Oh dear. It's going to snow all week in La Plagne during my holiday. That's the week buggered then... # f b
just loves how good of a job the plows done this morning # snow covered # sl i l per y
I love being only female in the weight room with a bunch of big dudes. # Training || 110 Days #Half Marathon
I'm so glad TuneIn delays the show by almost 15 minutes.
I'm so happy that I have loving and supportive parents
I use excessive  because punching people is frowned upon in our culture.
Haha shocker not sleeping through the night
It's also totally not a win for me because I made you waste your time filing a pointless report. .
Columbus police using tear gas to disperse buckeye fan. I would never guess their fans would act like that. # not surprised
Oh no, inflation is down. Now I have to listen to people who know nothing about economics tell me its a bad thing. Lucky me
Love that moment when you see someone using your missing tea mug # Work t we et
Well that physics exam was nice and easy!
I don't like these new low petrol prices, very inconvenient as it takes much longer to fill my car.
Pro tips : name a function and do anything which isn't related in it. Really cool refactoring session after.
when supported by the right reasons is more powerful than just being a smart ass!
Well would you look at that.....I have a Twitter account!!
Shortlisting. What's not to love? Possibly.
School In 5 Hours, How Amazing! . . .
Stokes with a standard rank long hop. Result = Wicket. # Super star
Q: How can i learn program min g overnight? A: Goto North Pole where a overnight takes 6 months. # quo r a # heights # program min g
Whew I made the cut... was worried about that
Wow i am so lucky to get friends who discourage me wow how blessed am i!
"Kota ke BABA" the best way to timepass is to express your silly wandering thoughts in #140 characters & name it  :P
High wealth and income taxes... Every business student's favorite topic # m a c r o #LBS #MIM15
#Daily Inspiration: “ # Conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody may be looking.” ― H.L. Mencken # humour #Quote Of The Day
Wide awake at four am! Gotta love it! # wt f # insomnia # l ol
Less than 90 seconds after leaving the house the snow starts. Awesome start to the day
I think bus drivers must be some of the happiest souls on the planet
Can not sleep of the excitement
Angelina Jolie cares about black people
Great that we have sports to tear our nation apart. Literally. Stay safe tonight #OSU & enjoy the win # boo to you os u # the few hurt many
There's nothing more fun than company trainings WITH A TEST. Feels like being back in school, great :)
Surely if David Luiz can get in the World 11 team of the year Chris Smalling & Jonny Evans could # not happy
Imagine if we already paid for our doctors visits through our taxes? How good would that be? # me di care # a us p ol
: Just one of the many services I offer.
I adore being mad. Thanks boo.
Why did Obama miss the march in Paris? It's not like the Superbowl was TV.
Still no internship... Chance of graduating on time is lowering quickly. Awesome.  #More Debt #Shame To Family
Because it's always been my life ambition to faint the middle of the busy reception area of a medical clinic.
I LOVE it when ppl don't text back
I absolutely LOVE when someone hangs up on me... f u too then # p is sed # goodnight
well that was an exciting game. # la kings # l e a f s # t ml talk
The last two teams to beat Ohio State were VA Tech and Clemson #ACC  #Who Cares About Conferences
Great, my favorite people #Brock Lesnar and # pa u l hey man ... #Same Old W W E #RAW
Someone didn't know how to drive in this weather because to save themselves they had to drive through my front yard. Thanks.
The only thing I'm sad about after that Buckeye domination is not hearing Fallout Boy all the time. #gottahavemore F B # not serious
My  is free of charge for your enjoyment.
Wait, so did ohio state win?
This just in, Big12 adds 2 teams, and OSU doesn't make the playoffs. #fakereport#Nation  #National Championship
I am so shocked Ezekiel Elliot is the MVP
It's amazing how Urban Meyers recovered from heart problems
I love that it's 12:30 and the hubs broke out the vacuum...
Oh goodie...Ohio State won National Championship. Please excuse me while I contain my excitement. *YAWN*
I'm so excited to watch nothing but National championship coverage for the next 2 weeks on Sportscenter!
70% of the Oregon team is not on the field shaking hands, maybe we should make a big deal of that # get over yourself
Way to keep it classy Urban Meyer! Now please remover your nuts from Herbstreit's mouth. # homer # h e r b s t r e i t s u c k s # e n j o y t i m b e c k
A large gathering of white people in Germany. What could go wrong??
Feels so good to be a true buckeye fan and know that we never gave up after all the bad talk. #weshouldaneverbeenthere
Ohio State becomes the lowest seed ever to win College Football playoff....
Boy, the B1G Ten just CANT keep up.........
Can't belive the Buckeyes intercepted that last pass, classless.
B1G just didn't stand a chance against the SEC or PAC's speed and strength
#4 seed with #3 QB wins nat'l title after 3 great playoff games. Yeah, this new system won't work.  #National Championship #O S Uvs O R E
With 28 seconds on the clock, Oregon finally gets it together to try and stage a comeback.  #We Are The Champions
Florida state would have beat Ohio state # j a m i e s lives on
The committee and the playoffs are broken. A team with a 3rd string quarterback wins the national championship :-)  #O S Uvs O R E
Urban not taking a knee. Yeah and you know why? He has a SEC mentality...go for the kill. Screw the knee taking. That's so Big Ten.
Glad to see Urban recover from his health problems and spend more family time and to win another national title.
I wonder who's gonna win MVP?
Lebron is a band wagoner for rooting for Ohio...
But they lost to VT so they don't deserve it right?
Whenever I think of OSU I can't help but think of Gummo
Yo a matt barkley reference. ...wow.... #Eagles Talk #Eagles Nation # eagles
I'm sure TCU would've beat Bama and Oregon as well...
Man, I care so much about who wins this game... # national champion ship # gig em
Oregon chokes in a big-time game. # shocker
I think you should start aTaylor swift cover band. # finally
I can't wait for OSU to win and fans be like "no one thought OSU would win!"
Holy Crap the worst conference in the world won the National Championship # playoff doesn't work. We need # bowl tie-ins again.
Urban Meyer will never lose another game for the rest of his life.
There's that downfield accuracy again by Mariota
Sure am glad the Irish passed on Meyer....
Yo the allstate commercial about the safe drivers refund check was like five dollars......wow  #O R Evs O S U
And the #One True Champ is the team that "didn't deserve to be in". Aren't playoffs awesome? Great way to determine a champion
When will they start talking about the SEC West? This is the Championship Game after all.  #B1GTEN
Fortunately Ohio State fans are very gracious winners.
Still wondering . . . Does #OSU really belong in this game? #Ohio State #O R Evs O S U
Perine better watch out  but still
Just got done doing five hours work of Accounting work. Gotta love college classes
literally just emptied my bank account. tired of this lifestyle # happy early birthday k at
That Montana commercial is just as funny after the 25th time.
I wish there were more commercials in this game
Good idea to punt there Oregon, especially the way your D has been playing so far this game  #National Championship
Oh yeah any time you're down 15 with 8 minutes left you have to punt... makes sense.  #O R Evs O S U
That was smart to punt... It's not like Ohio State's offense is rolling right now...
Chris living next door, no rules. Girls sneak into his house. Didn't see that one coming! *rolls eyes* # predict able # Bachelor
Ohio State would never intentionally injure a star player in a national championship game... # w i l l i s m c g a he e
I love college football. Standing up for your teammate is a penalty.  #National Championship
Now I see why the BCS didn't want a playoff for all those years
Thanks to the sideline official for his awwwesome spotting of the ball for the Buckeyes this second half
The #B1G was pretty weak this year, wasn't it?....
Omg!!! Chicken salad # chicken cant in a # salad # cant in a # t a c o bell # diet time # all night e r
Can't wait for my hubby to work all day AND night for the next couple of days... # w o r k a h o l i c # bringing in the dough # work
OSU line never holds. They must be good.
Finished my double today. Then a double tomorrow (less than 12 hours away). Soooo excited
Yup....but Marriota will be good in the NFL
Kevin Costner starring in another sports movie? #Edge Of My Seat
THEY DID IT!!! They finally made a movie about Cross Country!!! Who's gonna go see it with me? # kind a
I'm so glad you can only talk to me when it's most convenient to you. # blessed
Ezekiel Eliot has to be a 2nd round NFL pick. # death of the running game #N F Lpassingleague
# os u number 15 was so trendy rocking a crop top jersey # trend set t e r # pull your jersey down #O S Uvs O R E #National Championship
I wonder how big the QB is for Ohio State? They haven't mentioned it yet. #O R Evs O S U
Finally home from a long work day. Stay up a few hours, sleep a few hours, then go do it again. # good times !
I can't believe the refs marked Jones short there.  #U Ovs O S U
Well I hope everybody got their fix. Can we go back to the BCS now?  #O R Evs O S U
'AA THROUGH THE TABLE!' Omg I totes didn't see that coming. #RAW
Contract signing ending #RAW that never happens! Oh there's also a table in the ring, but I bet no one is going through it though
Can't wait to wake up at 330 am and go to work! # i love my job
My question scrolling through my time line is did Jameis do the same thing against Oregon?
Are pants gonna fall down in this game too? LOL! I'm still going to bed. I see enough truck drivers' ass cracks at work. I'm good.
My country is just awesome. # s p a i n s u c k s
He didn't do the football move while completing the touchdown process.  #O R Evs O S U #C F B Championship
Oh wow Mariota is so good look at that dime
Really glad we have Clarksons' leadership and character
ISIS has not, I repeat, has NOT, hacked #CENTCOM's facebook page. Whew! What a relief!
This is just what I wanted to come home to....
# ducks defense showing up to start the 2nd half
My Pregame 45-20 Oregon win could still be a good prediction. #2nd Half
At a point in my life where I juz wanna ball on these niggaz, n fuck a lot of hoes that Neva meant no good anyway
Oh hey, a trailer for Seventh Son... never seen this before!  #WWE #RAW
#The Ascension vs two brand new newbies!!! YAY!!!  #RAW
So did Kareem Walker commit directly to Urban?
Getting sick to my stomach feeling is the greatest :-)
#John Fox went 1-1 with Tebow in the playoffs, 2-3 with Manning... HUGE UPGRADE...
I do love how supportive my parents are when I absolutely need them # not
Wow, lord of the poster board. What a huge honor.
OREGON WON THE #LOTPB!!! NOW TAKE THAT MOMENTUM INTO THE 2ND HALF AND WIN THIS GAME!!!
TBDBITL or Jimmy Kimmel, great choice ESPN,
And there goes Jim Schwartz. Awesome. Thanks, Rex. #Bills Mafia # s m h
YES we get to listen to Tebow during halftime
Who needs Spotify when you can listen to all the hits while waiting on hold for customer service. # roll over minutes
I hope Ohio State's 4th string QB transfers to Wisconsin since each one is better than the last one. # not kidding
She's a woman, of course she changed her mind. # Castle
# realist MensHumor: If you don't have anything nice to say, you're probably just being realist ic.
Breaking News- MTV2 is not showing music videos but crap reality shows from MTV. # quality shows
So the refs can call a holding penalty. # d o u c he #Go Bucks
I LOVE being told I shouldn't be behind the service desk.
You really are a good friend.
Yup Mariota looks like a future pro bowl qb.
the mere sight of him doesn't make my hair go white at all what are you talking about
Uncle Kracker: Follow Me? Me: Umm followers kitne hain tere?
oh yeah talking with my team lead in the conference room this is so great this is so fun i'm not tense or stressed at all
Awesome. 10PM Eastern, and we still have 5 minutes of game time until halftime.  #National Championship #O R Evs O S U
So now Ohio St. is right where Bama was in the Sugar Bowl...nothing can go wrong here, Columbus get ready for a trophy
love english hw so so much
Crap I was told all year the big10 sucked. College football must be run by the USDA also #College Football Championship
Has President Obama commented on the Dez play yet? I'm sure we're all waiting to see what he has to say on the matter.
This high powered Oregon offense is unbelievable!
I would have NEVER guessed that would happen  #Ohio Against The World
Yeah I can't believe they put Ohio State in the final four... I mean what were they thinking!?
You think Ashley's eyelashes are real?..  #The Bachelor
Fucked up my ankle but I guess yzone ballin is just more important than my health
I love commercials before and after kickoffs  #U Ovs O S U
Good to know that 2nd floor Millikan has gotten less igg. # still i g g # turn down the damn music
My favorite tweets are the tweets about people asking for RT to ask someone to prom!
Not sure that was a catch. Didn't take the ball all the way to the ground despite 20 steps.
I'm enjoying watching the coaches talk about the game live. Narduzzi seems THRILLED talking about OSU
Remember 9-6 LSU Alabama is bad football. This is good football.
Ad for #American Crime & daughter says, "How they know American? Eating # cheese b urge r & playing # baseball ?" # truth # pa renting
wow! It's been 3 years since I last seen brock lesnar!!!!  #WWENEWORLEANS #WWENOLA #WWE #R A W New Orleans
WWE's part-timers just showed up. We're honored # b rock les n a r #W W E Raw
Thank God OU didn't hire Scott Frost! #C F B Playoff
On this June 29, 1613, I survived a fire. A cannon misfired, and the theatre went ablaze.. What a lovely night…
I just found out OSU is on their 3rd QB this season.
This will probably be the fourth class now that has examined Babylon Revisited by Fitzgerald. Hooray.
I had no idea that Ohio State was playing with their 3rd QB this season. Hmmph.  #O R Evs O S U
Haters!!! Yall are haters cause I can't sing or dance #Last Day
Ohio State not being called for pass interference in the Championship game...I'm shocked, never seen that before
That was more of a pass interference penalty than the one that was called. Ohio State getting all the breaks. # shocking
Way to be on top of that call ref  #fuck Refs
I read old thing to fuck with my emotions for fun
The B1G totally sucks this year  #U Ovs O S U
What an uneventful first quarter.... #O S Uvs O R E
I'm too handsome to be recognize by you.
Man this big ten team looks overmatched. The big ten can't compete nationally. All the athletes r in the sec.
Mariota doesn't make any NFL throws, you are right im sorry let's draft Winston.
Is there a football game going on? I don't have enough tweets in my feed to be sure  #notevenalittleinterested
I wish the government would allow me to live lavish I wish my mama would fuck for money so I could drive a Benz and shit
Trailers for movie trailers wail. #Avengers Age Of Ultron
I'm nostalgic for Brent Musberger ogling a co-ed in the stands
Augh. Just heard the train whistle here in Eastern Passage. Who do we talk to to get that stopped.
just love it how you can answer somebody else but not me.
It's unreal how fast people snapchat me back # jokes # l ol
There are some classy classy people at the UC during a bulls game.
Big Show at the top of the hour? Clearly Vince know what best for business  #RAW
WOOOO I'M STILL AWAKE AT 2AM AGAIN, IT'S GREAT!!!
Yea, Big Shiw won't make me check the game.
Thanks twitter. For unfollowing random people. :)
Glad to see all the support for the wrestling program
Great start to this 3rd quarter. #RTZ
I love how enslaving oneself to a job has become a synonym of success.
First day back to college & I'm already swamped, I can tell this is just going to be a great semester
OSU should try speeding up their tempo to keep up with Oregon.  #National Championship
Ohhh right! It's Monday which means #RAW is on! Or have they moved that to another day too?
# broken finger problems. I can only move 2 fingers cuz there all taped togethor. Gonna throw like a beast tomorrow!
The senior vp of ATT is a women? What kind of crazy phone company is this? #C F B Championship
I mean who actually likes sex anymore! # joke # fake # un re la table # no p e
Wow #Big Show knocks out #John Cena I sure didn't see that coming  #RAW
Didn't control the ball all the way to ground. # fumble # n f l rules
I don't think that's conclusive enough.
Hard to believe the big 12 refs goofed one already  #U Ovs O S U #C F B Championship
Refs off to a great start
I absolutely love being deliberately lied to! It really finishes up an amazing monday insert
Wow wat an unpredictable outcome # a u t h o r i t y s u c k s # r a w s u c k s # raw
Thanks a lot # C en a !!! # Raw
So is there like an important college football game on or something # just a joke # i know the answer
Great interview by Tom Rinaldi with Urban Meyer!
If the sideline reporter doesn't ask Marcus Mariota who and what he's wearing then what's the point?  #Oregon Vs Ohio State
Thanks for putting the study guide in, mrs ford. # my ex am is tomorrow #seriouslywhatdoyoudowithyourlife
Made the Dean's list for Fall 2014 at SSU. What is this list? Who did I piss off?
So cool that the national championship game is only available to cable customers  #Go Ducks
I don't know how Cena's gonna be able to overcome these odds #RAW
Hey, #RBNY fans, Curtis told you that he has a 300 page plan. What else do you need?
First tweet was saved to express just how happy I am to be going back to VMI for my 6th semester.
I learned today that having no walls before marriage is perfectly fine. #We Dont Love These Hoes
I also love all the misconceptions about #NOLA that Cena used in his promo.  #Authority Sucks #WWENOLA #WWENEWORLEANS
Because it's always a great feeling when you read something you really didn't want to.
Cena has so much to overcome tonight. OMG #Never Give Up
Nothing gets me pumped for football like Fall Out Boy
So Cena will be an invisible champion like Lesnar. Awesome.  #WWE #RAW
I'm so glad the cable in terrace decided to cut out ABC...
I love it when buses don't show up sometimes. Makes for a very efficient service. # ye g transit
Oooooh that's another reason HE made me look so good! He ALWAYS paid for everything! Haha # crack myself up
Today was just filled with great news
I love volt, but loathe volte-face! # Electric
It's really such a horribly tragic shame that #Patricia Arquette was under such financial stress filming # Boy hood .
Can't wait to watch this Oregon system QB with no NFL skill SHRED Ohio State tonight. Sure hope the Bucs don't draft him.
Wait.... Is the National Championship on tonight? You would think Sportscenter would have some coverage on that...
Ahh! The sound of # gun shots at 7:30pm! One of the many pleasures of #City Living! # true story
I'm so happy we have all these analysts on tv to help us understand what's going to happen tonight...
partying with your momma is soooo classy.
Haven't moved from my room for the last 5 hours. This is fun.
Was it foggy today? I don't think I noticed.
Boy I sure have missed Tim Tebow.  #O S Uvs O R E
Quick oil change turns into recall repair as well... Well that's fun
Our water is shut off. Because it's cold, I guess. That's exciting. #Thanks Obama
I love when people throw their weights down in a rage at the gym. Makes them seem super cool and ripped.  #Sir Lift A Lot
OOOH! Twist tomorrow at 9pm! Like they need something to pump up the drama.......  #CBB
Hit 220 followers today. Just wanna thank all of my faithful gang of classmates & other people.
Being on a bus with barely working heat is just the greatest thing ever.
Has there ever been a GUN TRAGEDY the #NRA condemned...or accepted some of the responsibility?!  #End N R A #Unite Blue
I love when ppl talk about you like you're not there #b*tchesonkik
#Moderate Muslim apologizes to the entire world daily, just in case some Muslim somewhere has done something bad.
3 - 5 Best team ever :). # P e r u v i a n s # why ?
So "real" but won't handle shit directly but go fed on twitter ... Yea you're "real"
I have to work tonight. I'll be sitting on a couch with food and drink tweeting about the CFP National Championship game. Mercy.
Went on my linkedin profile for the first time in 2 years... i should be getting a lot of job offers from that bad larry now.
Next step going to do some insulating # perk so f being a home owner
bc i just love to be left out of things .
is when "The youths of Nigeria endorse as the FUTURE of Nigeria & a Change agent: 72yr old GEN Buhari (rtd)" and then we say
Today's look: dark circles under my eyes. Totally achieving this vampy look.
The sweet smell of cigarettes that clouds my English class. Gotta love it.
I love how everyone who lives in Oregon is obligated to root for the Oregon Ducks.
Final Score for tonight's game: OSU: 7 Ducks: 3
Just got home from school & have to get ready for soccer.. Yay for high school
There are some real cool cats in the gym weight room tonight.
Rumor has it Adam Gase threw Divisional game to speed up hiring by #49 e r s .
Don't you just love homework? # hate it
Perhaps David Cameron would like his next govt to *read what our newspapers communicate*? # n h s # real issues
Oh, goody. I get to be the SCA secretary for the household. I am overjoyed.
HC says he would want to sock the guy who stole his gloves in the jaw, the real thoughts of a pacifist # c it r 13
Only 7 callers ahead of me and I've been waiting for 49 minutes. Meanwhile, I've been erasing 13K+ emails. I love waiting.... Ugh!
At school 11-7 on wenesdays now. Stoked on that
So pumped for exams! Let's demonstrate what we've learned guys
Yeah cause you're so tough to threaten over social media # T e r r i f i e d
Gee thanks for asking me if I want to go to the dining hall when you know I don't go there anymore. Really puts a smile on my face
I'm ashamed I'm more informed of # Paris and know nothing about what happened in # Nigeria I wonder why ( )
We have a party with the whole senior class on the 28th. I'm gonna look great the day after... #In The Middle Of A School Week
I just want to say that this has been a great Monday
Over-Rated superstar got the #Ballon D Or2014 :) Yaaaaay
Dang it, I didn't get to take that Spanish quiz today. # bum me r
My favorite part about cold bus rides is when your toes go numb and your fingers can't move
People be like, "Did you cut your hair?" And I'm like, "Nah, it just grew 12 inches shorter."
So 2015 is off to a great start! # a l w a y s j an u a r y
Life is bliss when you have vitamin D deficiency as well as iron deficiency anemia. .
With seemingly everybody on TV picking Ohio State, man I hope Oregon can just keep it a game.
Going to bed in a lethal mood......
These squat suits are really easy to get on and super comfortable
Sorry, I will use the hashtag  every time I'm being sarcastic from now on. Just to be clear.
Matt Cage is in Castro's corner. I'm sure there won't be any shenanigans. #38 for 38
Since when is partying more important than your child? Oh yeah, it's 2015. My bad.
An hour on hold and 6 minutes of conversation. Totally worth it. # insurance #Time Well Spent # not
Mack Brown is an expert at recruiting good quarterbacks
Another play before the elections! # Humanity
Nothing better than a 15 hour day than having a microwave meal for dinner
Shouts to the people with dirty minds. That was EXACTLY what i was referring to.
Back in the wonderful place that is Roehampton
Oh good a new program interface to learn. Always a great way to spend the day.
My girlfriend touched my # ball sack . Can she be evicted from #CBB? #C B B Chloe ...
Of course the big question is why #ISIS didn't sell the #CENTCOM twitter account for profit?
Oregon-based $NKE down. Columbus-based $LB up. Market clearly expects Buckeyes to upset mighty Ducks. # b rut us #T H E Ohio State G'night
Don't you love it when it feels like your head is going to explode? # headache # sick
Daisy married Tom because they are both "pretty" so obviously they had to get married! # survival of the fittest # class discussion
Cause this is exactly how I wanted to start the year...
Wow..didnt see that coming..Ronaldo won the Ballon D'Or.
I'm so glad I work so hard so I can buy stupid 80 dollar access codes for school that I will use probably at the max 4 times
It's not a real ECON course until someone compares homosexuality to pedophelia. Yay ECON.
Well my drugs and the brain teacher seems delightful
Damn that assembly was right. Just bought weed now i'm cravin heroin. # accurate
I didn't know I was such a horrible person... Jeez
I unprotected.... Twitter Let's see how long it lasts Nothing unprotected ever lasts long  #Killin Em
This day just keeps getting better and better .........
First time player win and his national team didn't qualified for the next round in world cup.Neuer who deserve it  #Ballon D Or2014
Yes man. You earned that grade. # f u
:'''''''''') Gareth Cliff # H um our = Life.
#Charlie Hebdo A solution for the French: Two states, for the two people, living side-by-side, in peace and harmony.
Finally decided to join the Twitter party. I can barely contain my excitement.
My  is on another level. Can't tell if I'm joking can you? #Poker Face
I try to actually communicate with ppl on social networks but maybe that's not what's it's meant for
Who are the Pels going to trade to get Chris Paul, David West, and JR Smith?
Maybe hacking a twitter account should be called a "Lewinsky", sure it's illegal, but it feels good and no one really gets hurt...
really enjoy this feeling right now
Joy of joys! Tomorrow I get to fly to...... # Omaha . Yay.
! Because people deserve to hear nice words sometimes...
Ima do legs tomorrow before work again because the last time i did legs then worked a 10+ hr shift it worked out really well for me
Yesss I like Ronaldo u win ......
For the first time since 4th grade, I have a black eye. Perfect timing, since I had to shoot a TV commercial today.
Hooray for depression. Not. # depressing # stupid
Walking into class, being all like, Yo, thought someone said you died last semester. # college
Read w/o reply, I love this game!
Is Hiroshi Kagawa, Shnji's grandad that the fans used to sing about?
2015 just keeps getting better and better.
Must remember my burka next time I go into the city # s t even e me r son promoting religious tolerance in our lovely 2nd city # Birmingham
Communications. Cause you know, I'm so good at communicating already.
Woot, job rejection via email. # hire me
thats right, Ancelloti is ahead of simione and david luiz is in the team of the year. Welldone. # G e u in e
Cause we all know Atkinson cycle direct-injection engines are the most reliable thing ever, y'know.
Of course David Luiz deserves a place in toty # j k
This cough is responding brilliantly to paracetamol
Wow, Matt Cooke cross checked Shea Weber in the face, I'll bet Tyson Barrie is shocked by that...  #Ban Cooke
"I mean as fake as you are, I'd be miserable too." # fake # society #youthinkitbutneversayit # funny # so true
CentCom hacked. Grreeeeeat. That's just awesome. I feel SO secure.
How great is it when your phonecompany deactivates your old sim but doesn't activate your new one !!
To be quite honest, I don't know how Fellaini didn't make it into that team of the year. FIFA are so corrupt. #Ballon D Or2014
Sometimes, just sometimes I tweet because I like something. Not because I feel like subtweeting. # I c l a i m m y s u b t w e e t s
Just after 1pm and they're finally plowing our streets. My neighborhood assoc dues hard at work.
I asked for extra chai and got extra milk so pretty much today couldn't get worse
Well atleast Kagawa won something ;)
Boy, I hope these installation instructions start with "install node.js" aaand they do.
Now I get to chill in Charlotte for 5 more hours.. wooooooooo, stoked to the max about it  #Eff This
Wow, what a great morning this has been!
There is nothing classier than seeing someone sitting in a waiting room with a cigarette hanging from their mouth.
So Korea is off the calendar? ahh what a loss! #F1
Last minute sectionals are always my favorite.
"I believe flexible working increases female participation in the labor force" - Love a good old fashioned sexist survey question.
This bitch comes across as a complete air head. Her inspiration is probably the very talented Kim Kardashian. # the chase
I've never been someone's Man Crush Monday before..... #Whats Up With That
He doesn't agree with Socialist France # t c o t #Reasons Obama Missed France Rally
Is Boise State gonna provide media daily reports for each of Brett's classes? An All-access of him taking notes?
My driveway is the size of a small parking lot. I love shoveling it...
Monday evenings are made better by sitting in the doctors waiting room
Happy Monday !!!!!!!! the best day of the week
Golden Corral is giving away yeast rolls.....AWESOME
Thank you to the cars that just few by me and drenched me with cold road slush, you completely made my day # S o a k e d # Wet socks
These shows aren't perpetuating stereotypes, they're "shedding light" , giving a new insight on the minority at hand.
I just love sitting in front of class # c rip l y f e
Nice you have a French test at you birthday.. Yeahh..
Enjoying the sweet fragrance of "Rizla on Coat" to my left and my right in the UoB library # enjoyment
After all, if anyone has a reason to be as cynical as Daria, it's definitely NOT black women.
I always say the best way to get yourself noticed on the first day of class is to come in while the teacher is talking # late
You know who would make a great Denver Bronco? Jameis Winston....... Draft him Elway!!!
well... my last first day of undergrad is off to a great start
I just love the showering and (nearly) fainting part of POTS... And the accompanying nausea... I. Love. It!  #EDS #POTS
"You just read it on that piece of paper" #Alan Turing #The Imitation Game
YAY! Fleur has been signed to Syco!! # R u b b is h
Bought myself an iPad. Second hand obv, but an ipad all the same. # moving up in the world #Going Places
Computer problems, job rejection, possible money comprised, ribs still hurting... no big deal.
Shit I forgot my hat to go to the gym, looks like I'll be blinded by the fluorescent lighting, # there goes that workout
I'm super happy to be back at work today!
Thank you Star Trek The Next Generation for making me have to think about old person space sex. # e e w w #First Season Problems
Why do I feel like the DMV collects some of our region's finest minds everyday
just been told # fox news isnt a # parody # satire # irony or # comedy seems ive been # laughing for nothing #Freedom Of Speech
"He loves his kids" thats just fuckin standard. Jesus christ, i normally burn mine with cigarettes to remind them who's boss.
Because that's exactly what ferris needed, another Starbucks. Should have built an Ugg shop right next door. # white girls # o mg
Extracting images from inside PowerPoints, PDFs, and Word documents is my favoritest thing EVER!
But I've read To Kill a Mockingbird so I'm gonna pass the EOI
... I just love to ice skate on the road in my car!
34 and raining so clearly school should be closed today.
Forgot how much I love the students here
In a shocking turn of events...its raining in Sweden # it rains everyday
Well that commute from the east bay took 5 minutes
Nothing beats making $1.25/hour while serving for Jury Duty
hey who's excited about working 12-10 oh me i am pick me # i d rather beat the gym
The f-150 is selling like mad, so, so hard to have predicted that....
I liked my good morning text . How cute .
Getting all four wisdom teeth out today! # so excited
Love getting the hiccups with a plate full of bacon in front of me. # bacon hiccups # f u c cups
What a start to the semester! # headache
looks like my heating is going back on again, yay
Gotta love mark May as an analyst.  #O-H
(After all doesn’t EVERYBODY want sex all the time no matter who from or if it has any emotional satisfaction? )
The Cowboys lost and yet the sun still rose and my life continues. Who knew? .
What kind of idiot would even date George Zimmerman? Must be some desperate gunnut that feels sorry for him...poor murderous, baby
Yes because I'm a purple flying unicorn with six eyeballs. #30 ban an as a day # un believable # people are stupid # no p e # not joining
Ah these mocks are going to go well!
So, I wake up to a nose bleed, my heart beating rapidly, and cold weather. Today's gonna be a good day
The # E v o l v e pre-order bonus of unlocking stuff just seems to flag that playing the game to do it is a grind. Sounds fantastic.
I can so do this college slash school slash accounting thing. 2015 can kiss my ass coz I'm making it my bitch.
Oh good, Anaconda. Your taste knows no bounds man on train. # kill me
Hey Tweets! It has been a long time since I've blessed the world with 140 characters of pure knowledge.
Hate feeling like this :( maybe class will help # h ah # when does class help
My hand is asleep & it's the most comfortable thing ever
I love going to the gym after winter break!
Best part of coming to work early? # no printer #no I Tsupport
Avery's first dentist appointment today...can't wait.
I'm so excited for Valentines Day # fuck it # fuck love # u g h
No, I love hearing you talk. Really.  jajaja
Facing my biggest phobia today... the dentist. You could say I am slightly anxious...
I can def feel the love.
Love the fact that the ceremony will start and almost finish while am gonna be writing an exam.. #F I F A Ballond Or
This day is off to a GREAT start.
Lovely start to the day when Jaxson pukes in the back seat while on the way to daycare. # mon day
How does her minions excuse that she supposedly only misses one kid? "Every parent has a favorite get of it"
Got inappropriately annoyed with my windshield wipers this morning. That's a good omen for the rest of the day.
Looking forward to this 6 hour flight
Please, let's only pick on one technology company right now. The others are doing SO great. # chrome cannot print again
Please, let's only pick on one technology company right now. The others are doing SO great. # windows trusted devices
Sweet twitter just reset my account and I lost all my info/followers, refollow if you want more of my amazing tweets # Whatever
Love a good blood test on a Monday afternoon # no p e # b i g w i m p
I love that the winter weather watches and advisories circle completely around Albuquerque. # winter is pointless here
Twin cwc girl is in my class. How neat.
Marco Rubio is easily one of my least favorite people in the world. Proud to say he represents my state of FL!
U just gotta love a bit ryvita n cottage cheese!!! When? # diet
or maybe make the dvd of their 'do the do' activity???
next week classes start, gee cant wait to see all the frats and sororities trying to get people to rush.
Ohh nice it's raining on the first day of classes!! Couldn't start off the second semester any better
It's only in almighty 9ja dat unelected individuals wield so much power and render the constitution useless # G e j 2015
''what a female cow called in zulu? Person: Cowkazi'' hahaha *tears out* shuwiiii
Some people on here are unbelievable, leave themselves wide open for a sarcastic response... #Twitter Jokes #Twitter Banter # begs
I'm glad my school called a 2-hr delay AFTER I was ready
RT laurenschange: # y up I'm adding # stunt driver to my # acting # resume . # icy roads # winter # action movies
# y up I'm adding # stunt driver to my # acting # resume . # icy roads # winter # action movies
Not only am I waiting in line, but I am waiting in line for jury duty. I couldn't be happier.
Such an eventful day at work!
# Net any ah o u at Paris' peace march # w o w # what a guy
Delingpole's latest podcast is almost a month old. Toby Young was on there. That doesn't happen often.
Guess who's been fake for the last ten months of her life? # good acting # go ys
# was created to confuse the # stupid
Hahahaha it's more fun in UP
How pumped am I for work today
Well the weather is perfect for the first day of my internship! # rainy day
Today is the start of another "fun-filled" semester at the MCC.
DONT U JUST LOVE THE BUS
Taking a selfie under your chin is pretty impressive..
Discrimination was put into good use.
# fox news facts what Twitter was made for! British humour at its best! # s t even e me r son #Douche Of The Day
Crying wit h laughter at all the tweets about Birmingham! Makes me so happy to be living in Britain # wit #Fox News Facts
Man having a nightmare before the first day of class is just so great.
Happy Monday!!! Rainy and cold makes it that much more enjoyable..
Weapon wheel keeps opening on it's own. Guess my game is haunted. # far cry 4
I feel sexy and full of energy, said no sane pregnant women ever!!! #Pregnancy Problems
Yeah there is only 3 inches of snow. We can have school. # fuck this
I forget not everyone has the intelligence to appreciate good
This cold couldn't get any worse. JK! I now have strep. This is just perf # over this
I have not woken up this early since high school and now I get to do it every Monday. Woo...
Love waking up at 4:45 for nothing.
I really love it when a teacher thinks I'm lying and also constantly targets me as a individual.
It's so funny that they say the Kpop artists are not 'true men'. Then if they aren't, what's the fault in hugging them?
Time to wake up in about an hour. Good thing I got tons of sleep and was relaxed all night.
our politicians are incompetent cowards they didnt go to APS I am brave as i did 500 tweets since 16 december against terrorists
Don't you just love when you wake up randomly? XD
If a woman tells you that you’re right, that’s called
Love when Ricki is in college early  x
It feels totally awesome to shame someone, especially on their personal behaviour. It feels like... validation.
Love Cheltenham me, epic road network
This Fast 4 Tennis idea is great, looks great, what a future. .
This Monday morning traffic is truly blissful
Everyone is going home already because of the dry run later and we're still here at the Ticket Office working really hard
Awesome, just what I needed tonight
Loved every minute of the restless sleep last night despite trying to get more than 4 hours of shuteye
Always fascinating to see that the solution to terror is always more surveillance. Glad we have figured out a cure that works...
Oh how I've missed your # weather Dundee...
And here I nearly recovered completely. So happy it rained or I might have just sat here the entire day without sniffing.
Cannot log in to my emails. Yay Monday!
s/o to my boyfriend for waking me up out of my sleep . . . then falling asleep on me
Dear Nigeria. Stop crying. You're not a first world country. Their 12 lives are more important than your 2000.
Monday morning & I'm in the office before 7.30am #Love January
im having an MRI tomorrow morning fun fun fun :)
love monday mornings, love waking up early, love the cold.. # jokes # get me back to bed
Have so many favorites and retweets it's ridiculous.
You can only find skinny, white people attractive. Anything else is a fetish.
Nothing beats an awful nights sleep!!  !! Would like to feel better now!
Glad this new wifi is working as great as before break....
Guess I need 2 be less sarcastic. Cause now I feel bad . The tweet below this tweet explains it all. Who am I kiddin...love it HA!
ah, how I've missed this lovely draft from my window blowing on my face and arm while in my bed # freezing # back at be r g
I wish Dante of Dm C made an appearance in the Golden Globe Awards! :P # Terror #Dm C #Golden Globes
Been up since 430. Great. Looks like it's nice outside.
So ready to get up, drink some coffee and a red bull to make it through tomorrow
Who needs sleep when you can drown yourself with all your thoughts ?!?
Sure let me just do what you want me to do!
ok last one I promise. "The two of them did things together all weekend." EXCELLENT storytelling, 12 year old Kate, LOL!
Painting my parents house. I cannot fully express my joy # save me
if u want to rape a baby or murder some President, use the name of "solidarity"
Wide open borders, millions of undocumented illegals are legal and Obama releases terrorists What could go wrong? #Fox News
7:30 am track practice when you have track first block is wonderful.
Why wasn't George Clooney's fine work as Batman mentioned at the #Golden Globe Awards2015
I think we can hold onto this lead with Pavalec.
Throwing up in your car while driving is always great  #why Lord
Go ahead, laugh at my misery, it totally doesn't make you look bad.
There's supposed to be an ice storm tomorrow and I have a dentist appointment. Darn, I might have to miss it.
# Ma u r it i us #tropical Depression just lots & lots of # rain thanking you #cyclone Bansi you're the best
#Downton Abbey really brings out my # s n a r k y side. Sorry for all the tonight. # not
The fact that every other commercial on tv right now is for the movie Project Almanac must mean it's super good
This Simpsons episode is just as funny as all Judd Apatow’s movies. # t h e s i m p sons
I mean whOA DID I JUST BLOW EVERYBODY'S MIND WITH THAT LAST TWEET OR
"Hey we're running behind, what should be cut? How about 'In Memoriam.' Yea why honor that." #Golden Globes
I sense mostly white, famous movie actors theme in the winners of #Golden G Iobes this year. So unlike Hollywood.
Andrew Luck is the sexiest QB ever.
Coldest part of winter and the furnace goes out. The joy of beong a home owner.
I love when people don't text me back. It's my favorite, really.
Fire alarm at almost 10? Sounds great. Yeah I'll stand out in the cold for 10 minutes in my pajamas.....
I really wasn't expecting # Boy hood to win. Just like I'm not expecting the sun to come up tomorrow #Golden Globes #Excellent Film
Meryl Streep sounded so excited.  #Golden Globes
the only dates i get are updates
I don't understand why Jennifer Aniston didn't win Best Actress - she had no make-up on in her movie!  #Golden Globes
: Because beating the hell out of people is illegal.
Oh, how I missed the smell of weed around every corner. # college
Still can't believe Nikki and Juan Pablo broke up
Wait... Are the Golden Globes on? I had no idea.
Starting off my week with a muscle spasm... Just great.. # o u c h
Nice to know talking to me is sooo important to you.
Great new to start off my week
Nice to see a new bible show with all white people # accurate
I love flaky singers who answer my ad, schedule a call, then skip the call and stop responding to texts. # l s d # lead singer disease
Way to go D!  — watching Winnipeg Jets vs Anaheim Ducks
Pandora is sucking out my soul again... # awesome
She's right. Her husband can't be gay. He doesn't even own a poodle.  #My Husbands Not Gay
The Afair is winning a couple tonight. A show about cheating... OMG sounds sooooo great  #Golden Globes
So excited to work more than I relax for the rest of my life till I'm an old fart.
Oh, yay...another man won Best Director. I'msohappy. #Golden Globes
Espn should spend some time analyzing the dez Bryant catch.
Mum's Skyping with her sister atm. She keeps saying I should get my face mole removed, and that I've gained weight. Thanks, Aunty.
Oh good the wind is back. I missed it.
Geez, George, class it up a little, will you? # i love him #Golden G Iobes
So relieved we have George Clooney out there fighting for our rights.  #Golden Globes
no drunken moments yet, so far a fail of a show # golden globes
In C lo one y 's lifetime montage, disappointing there was no Batman & Robin clip. #Golden G Iobes # C lo one y
Thanks to my co worker who was talking crap behind my back today, I really appreciate it
A4: Baseball HOF voting has become more about the voters, less about the players...exactly as our forefathers intended. # s b chat
Congrats on ruining my mood. You're the best
We all know that George Clooney locked down the Cecil B. DeMille Award back in 1997 with "Batman & Robin". #Golden Globes
Eight slices of pepperoni on a large? Clearly pizza hut is the king of value.
i love that Kevin Spacey just winged his acceptance speech. # golden globes
Facebook philosopher's are my absolute favorite!
# C a vs playing great again tonight as usual
I feel really bad for the cowboys.
Jason: that's why everyone talks about this show at work, because it's so good. "OMG did you see what happened on...The Affair?"
i love when the only nominee i've never heard of wins. #Golden Globes
It's a shame Adam Levine is so unattractive. . Thanks for the electricity NES!
I wonder why few people like to wallow like pigs in grief and a few don't give a crap # quotes # l ol
Thank you Lord for all these things that feeds my ego and satisy my materialistic ass.
Yeah, that Liam on Shameless totally looks like it's the same kid they had all along. TOTALLY.
I love it when my parents lecture me about my future for 10 minutes...each.. # thanks # I get it # lay off
I LOVE IT WHEN RICH WHITE MEN WIN AWARDS FOR ME!!!!!! FIRST JARED LETO AND NOW JEFFREY TAMBOR!!! THANK YOUUU SOOOOO MUCHHHHHHHH.
Poor Thomas. He just wants to be liked.  #Downton P B S
So my goal was to go to bed early tonight. I appreciate all the help and support that Anna has given.
The blurbs given for the foreign film category gave me such an understanding of their themes and excellence  #Golden G Iobes
Astounded the music for "Leviathan" wasn't nominated for Best Score # accord i an # h y per #Golden Globes
Oh great. The show's back.  #Golden Globes
So many willfully stupid, racist, [fill-the-blank]-phobic Americans out there. What is it? # public education <-- folks
Seeing your ex boyfriends family at work is always great.  #I Hate It Here
Man! Jane Fonda has let herself go... #Golden G Iobes
I'm really pumped about jury duty in 2 weeks
Count me in for Grace & Frankie!  #Golden Globes2015
Well NES. You win this round. Over 3,000 people with out power. # golden globes ruined # jokes on you #idontwatchthegodenglobes
Golden Globes prove kids probably bullied in HS can achieve great things. Take that HS Harrys.
From the sound of it, schools gonna be cancelled again tomorrow. Yay, I get to spend the day with my brother
Hey, so is Oprah at the #Golden Globes? I can't tell. If she is, they aren't showing her NEARLY enough.
This isn't a long ceremony at all
Not really sure how I got blessed with such a great immune system # send help
The best part about having a 9am class on a Monday is that it's Math
I like how living together is the step before marriage in the culture/tv world.
I wish more comedians who got their own TV shows would retweet every mention about their stupid tv show!!!
i love how movies are nominated for things and they aren't even out yet...i can REALLY appreciate this
When he serenades you by rapping you know it's true love
Not being able to breath out of your nose and not having the energy to do anything about it is so much fun. # its not fun # promise
Come on twitter. I've hardly seen a double entendre using #Golden Globes to describe a star in a revealing outfit... # was n t funny ever
Are Amazon's shows on Hulu yet?  #Golden G Iobes
yay. # T ran spa rent won a golden globe. somehow that validates my existence. #Girls Like Us
the husband is spying on me and reading my personal emails...thanks for the trust
I love it when people say they're going to be there for you when you need them. But when you need them the most, they aren't there.
From the looks of my feed, there must have been a football game with a controversial call..... # its just a game # had better things to do
I didn't even know that Jennifer Lopez had breasts until that dress, I've never seen her show them off before.  #Golden Globes
That movie looked so funny...... #Golden Globes
Such a powerful and heartwarming speech from Billy Bob Thorton.  #Golden Globes2015
Sure looks like a goalie problem #M N Wild. # someone put a body on a guy
Thx #Golden Globes for making me late to #Soul Cycle #L Aproblems # just made it
How bout the comedy from Tina and Amy at the golden globes right, Kevin Heart should takes notes from them kuz they were hysterical
"The movie # Selma is about the civil rights movement that totally worked and now everything's fine." - Tina Fey #Golden Globes
Well if that presentation was an indicator of what's to come in 50 Shades of Gray, look out!! # those two are the worst
With the chemistry between those two fifty shades of grey should be great # no chemistry #Golden Globes2015
Jamie Dornan and Dakota Johnson have zero chemistry. 50 shades should be good.
I like that my mom gives me the bios of all the actors at the #Golden G Iobes that are 100% accurate
If the onstage charisma of its leads is any indication, 50 Shades of Gray is going to be AWESOME.  #Golden Globes
Guys, I can’t tell you how excited I am for the upcoming 50 Shades of Grey movie #Golden Globes
Will be scrambling at the last minute. Oh how joyous.
Yay just how I wanted to spend my evening, contractions and heartburn!
Well the playoff push for the Avs, Nuggets and Rockies start now. (Hahaha yeah right)
Selma...a movie about the civil rights movement that totally worked and now everything is fine #Golden Globes  #Amy Poehler
At the super market and someone says hey what are you doing here? Oh you know hunting elephants!  Follow me
Thank You WOWT and Cox for coming to agreement. I'm not missing the Golden Globes this year! #forget N F L
I'm somewhat bothered that both the #AFC & #NFC Championship games will be played on artificial or field turf.
Everyone is laughing so hard at Tina Fey! She is so funny!  #Golden Globes
23 pts in 39 games and he's a +11. And he's 18. Yeah his numbers are fucking terrrrriiibbbbllllleeeeeee
Omg no way I wish I was as cool as you
I'm so excited to see all the Bronco "fans" from Indiana wearing colts gear next week ...
I could really get into Andrew Luck, gifted athlete, Stanford educated.. if he didn't look so.... Muslim. . Great future.
9 times Manning has been one and done. 9!! Obviously the greatest qb of all time  #Brady Wins
I can't wait to hear andrew luck's PC. Love hearing the clichés.
Just awesome to see two former Dolphin castoffs making big plays for the Colts in knocking off the Broncos.
Comments like expert on miss A... but doesn't follow members or group updates # k pop experts
So Peyton Manning now has 9 one and dones in the playoffs. Andy Dalton only has 5 more to go. # Ben gals
I may live tweet some results. I hope that doesn't spoil this for you. I know all of you care so much.  #Golden Globes
Good timing with the nationwide commercial . But still a chance for the Broncos. Here comes the INT?
Support of some friends is just too much
Wow I have so many text messages..
I really feel for these Broncos fans booing their team. I mean they've only had Elway and Manning. Plus a few Super Bowls. # s h e e s h
This is so much FUN!  #Golden Globes
Oh great we get to hear Mike Carrey again!!!
I love that you can tell what "role" a female character is supposed to fill by her eyeliner. # forever
Sometimes when people ask me where I'm going... I tell them,”I’m off to see the Wizard”
Shocked a Jon Fox team is being outcoached.
Watching the Golden Globes w/ my 14 y.o. son. His commentary is spot on. I feel like I've done something right. # golden globes 2015
If you cant be safe at a # c hr is brown show in # California then where can you be safe # brown girl thoughts
Of course Amal is wearing gloves... who would want to touch George Clooney  #Golden Globes #E Red Carpet #Fashion Police
So shocking that # u s m n t youth is not performing at a tournament.
I feel really bad for Dallas... # no not really
Two QBs putting on a passing clinic here... . #I N Dvs D E N
Is there an award show or something tonight?
Remember Wes Welker? What ever happened to that guy? Oh wait...he's playing right now. #D E Nvs I N D
I really just love it when my cabbies drive 90mph on the freeway in the snow. # heart attack
Big surprise tonight, J-LO looks stunning... #E Red Carpet
(Telling you all this b/c you care. )
from today on.. its staying back in college time.. cant wait! its gonna be a blast  and my social life will be at 0%.. yay!
Isn't it great how instant replay has solved the problem of the human element in officiating? #N F L Playoffs
Wow......stellar tackling by the # Colts there!
It's hard to believe all that booing hasn't inspired the Broncos to play better #D E Nvs I N D # Broncos # spoiled fans
George Clooney and his wife are there I'm so excited!  #Golden Globes
I just LOVE stepping in mashed banana on my carpet. It's soooo refreshing. # mom my problems
Wow Grammy sound pretty awful. Never would've guessed that with these new talented musicals these day.
Yeah sure, Chris Hemsworth is exactly what I picture a hacker to look like.  #Black Hat Movie
I feel like we should try to target tamme this drive
Great now I get to go home to you too. Just keeps getting better and better!
If the last two games have shown us anything, it's that I'm glad we don't have the replacement refs anymore
So that was completed and down by contact, but Dez's catch wasn't... I totally understand the NFL rules! #NFL # what ?
I love how everyone in beer commercials is attractive... Hollywood is always about realism. # no realism # h ol l y wood
Whoa Mike Carey was wrong? Im shocked  #Stop Having This Douche On T V #D E Nvs I N D
Wow Mike Carey is on point today  #Coltsvs Broncos
They're booing Peyton, LOLOLOLOLOL! #Elite Postseason Q B  #Eli Superior Brother
Take out your problems on me, because we all know that makes it better.
Well driving home from work tonight will be fun. Hooray for icy roads!
Has there ever been a GUN TRAGEDY the #NRA condemned...or accepted some of the responsibility?!  #End N R A #Repeal2 A #Unite Blue
I so totally love having to go to the ER for medicine reactions while at work. SO AWESOME!
I love it when I mix up due dates of assignments.
Yeah, have fun. Throw your future away. When are you gonna use it anyway. Right?
I've spent about 5 hours literally writing about shit. The London sewerage system is my new favourite topic
Yay! All the perky post holiday people are back!
The Lions will always be the classiest team in the league
I think everyone is breathing a sigh of relief cause they can now watch the Golden Globe on COX. That's what the real concern was.
Oh I love when the neighbors above me fight...  #These Walls Are Thin
It's great to be able to swap channels to the the live red carpet pre-show during half time of the Broncos-Colts game.
# e red carpet oh wow so revealing omg she dares to go out after just giving birth?! What a catastrophe. God forbid.
I'm going home to play a lot of video games and just enjoy not having any sunshine....
Thanks Sleep for the damn vagina on my TL
Manning throwing really accurate deep balls early
I'm not sure if we have enough defensive holding calls in this game.... #D E Nvs I N D
A flag bails out Peyton... Wow, never seen that before...  #I N Dvs D E N
That missed field goal totally WON'T come back to haunt the Colts. Not at all. NOAP...
Wish Vinatieri could make a field goal in the postseason
Today, I saw a "SHOWTIME! IT'S SHOWTIME!" show AND a bunch of people in their underwear for the No Pants Subway Ride. Lucky me!
Here's hoping the sublime Q. Wallia wins for ANNIE tonight! #Not At All A Bitch
Broncos looked really enthused right now!
Can't wait to go back to FIU tomorrow
That moment when you walk into a familiar bar and smell someone burning a joint at the entrance. #Medicinal Weedin Ky Who Knew
"Do you think people will think I'm your daughter...?" Yeah, that'll get 'em hot. Not creepy at all. # lifetime movies #Sugar Daddies
Kerry/Lavrov meet outside Grande Mosque in Paris. Standby for continuous 24/7 analysis/regurgitation of what we think was said.
Being ignored is the best thing in the world!!
My favorite part of NFL games is when they go to commercial, come back for a touchback on the kickoff, then go to commercial
The world is SUCH a cheery place today...
Good to know that America's most hotly debated issue is whether or not a man caught a ball. #G Bvs D A L
I enjoy the feeling of being ignored. It's really an energising feeling.
Winter is so great I mean you have, below 21 degrees weather, dry hands and face, flat hair, acne, pale face...NEED I SAY MORE!?
Good angle on run by Landry. He's off to a great start.
That was a great angle by Landry
I will NOT be live-tweeting the Golden Globes and for that I am so sorry.
The completing-the-catch-to-the-ground rule caused controversy? No way!  He was a runner at that point. Time to adjust this NFL
I mean... who even needs to even watch the game when I have everyone's running commentary on Twitter. # g e e z
Good idea to start Landry again.
love it when people take to social media to complain about sports rules...makes a big difference...
Love it when I finish work on a Sunday evening excited to relax and realise it's almost 10pm and the weekend is over
Did you guys see how much Landry's steroids helped him on that drive? # meat head
Really love the subtlety of this #Mc Donalds campaign.
oh yes,peyton is washed out. TOUCHDOWNNN  #Broncos Country
So glad Laron is starting again. # Colts
Got the paper done now I have world history homework... # ya y # k m n
What the networks need are more dramatic introductions and music before NFL games!
OMG I'm just so happy I came home
The ground cannot cause a fumble but it can cause a catch. # h m mm Makes perfect sense.
And the Romo playoff curse continues. So sad. # Dallas
Apparently signing delph... it's fantastic to see we have learned lessons from the past. Absolutely fucking fantastic.
Way to go terrorists, you sure scared us.  #Paris March #Je Suis Charlie
I am enjoying all the people who could care less about either team playing commenting on the game.  #D A Lvs G B
Dry sarcastic witt got to love it  makes the world go round
Messi with a reckless challenge there for the pen! Could have broken his leg with that two footed lunge
I hate it when the refs call a fair game...
Leave it to Tony Romo to throw the game-losing incompletion # choke r
Wow no team should ever be cheated out of a game the clearly should have won .. # f u c k d all as # lions fan
Bye Dallas! See you next season.
Glad the Lions are keeping it classy
Hey Cowboys fans, from what I heard last week, one call, good or bad, shouldn't effect the outcome of the game, right?
Man, I really feel for Dez Bryant. He's so down. Fucking bullshit NFL. You've really been on your A game this year.
One of the better officiated games i've seen this year
Well this weekend just keeps getting better # bad to worse
Oh fantastic. Another week of # Packers love. Just what I wanted.
Well look at that - Tony Romo still can't win one when he needs to.
Oh Rodgers is compromised with a calf injury? I didn't know that!
So sorry to see the # cowboys knocked out of the playoffs.
Like we all said last week, the NFL clearly doesn't want the Cowboys to advance.
I think Bryant may cry...I feel so bad for him
I'm so glad I have both of the awesome hhh vs steiner matches on dvd so I can watch them whenever
Everyone's lack of passion is appalling. #NFL
Guys the NFL is rigged they want the cowboys to win
Golly - I never knew I had so many economists and other kinds of experts on my Twitter! # c r e d e n t i a l s please
If the MLB, NFL, NBA & NCAA use the best officials why need replay? Those leagues could save a lot of $ & use HS officials + replay
Bryant was on the field again arguing without a helmet. The officiating has been awful # k arm a
Is there some kind of sportsing event happening today? Am I missing something?
Yay, we're going to have more complaining about football calls for a week now.
Every Lions fan is just crying for Dez right now  #D A Lvs G B
But hey cowboy fans there's still 3 mins left for you to make plays to win. Just like Detroit had. This didn't cost you that game
Too bad the refs calls always go the Cowboys way.
That #88 guy is pretty athletic
Why are people upset with Obama for skipping the #Paris March? Don't you realize there is a football game on?
So apparently GB offered the refs more?  #$$ #N F L Conspiracies
I think that might be an important call :).
WOW as i have said all game the refs want us to win right. # Cow boys Nation # Cow boys #D A Lvs G B
Proof that the refs are in Green Bays pocket!! #D A Lvs G B
Real shocker that Obama himself or no other American representative was in Paris today..  #Get The Liberals Out
Just a wild guess. I'm not sure though
I bet Weepu is loving life at London Welsh!! # p a y c he que
A run play works? You're gotta be shitting me!
It's amazing Rodgers is doing what he's doing considering he is playing in a wheelchair!! # cowboys nation
And the Cowboys defense comes to life #NOT #D A Lvs G B ... The worst D in the league # ridiculous
If you offend easily & don't understand humour then my tweets are not for you. # a the ist # free thinker # a t h e i s m # funny # comedy # se cu l
At least I get to enjoy these British commercials. Ha.
we have the best # freedom of speech . moslem preachers are free to label jews & christians as infidels through mosques loudspeakers.
Wait a minute! Going for 2 points is a "decision a coach has to make" really? #D A Lvs G B Now that's great analysis!
It's shocking that such a young team got flustered playing against an opponent hitting EVERYTHING.
Obviously the Packers and Cowboys are the best of friends! # fights # b f f # p a c k e r s # cowboys
So the "House" meets Sherlock Holmes show looks pretty good.
Don't you just love it when your bed is as hard as a rock and your wifi sucks cause I know I do! # i hate this place # take me home
That fumble would have been the officials fault too.
So happy that Ohio welcomed me home with snow
ooo so sorry Packer fans..... NOT  #NFL
I think the news does Not travel fast to paul and nina that the show gets renewed .. but they are happy and grateful for sure  ..
And a lovely bit of # time management & # budgeting Mark... . #The Hotel.
Dang Lang is almost as cheap as Suh!! # not complain in g
Julius Peppers was definitely washed up enough for the Bears to let him go.  #G Bvs D A L
Remember everybody, TJ Lang is WAAAAYYY classier than Suh. He told us so  #D A Lvs G B
Can't wait to wake up 5 times tonight by stray dogs outside our house
Drunk History, what an absolutely hilarious idea for a show....not!!
I can't believe McCarthy wasted a timeout with a bad challenge. That never happens. # Packers
NFL commentators are clownin "Romo seemed to have thrown that pass with his eyes closed, thats how good he is" *incomplete pass*
Just got a call from # F al cons for HC, there looking for a no name & I seem to fit the bill. # Me di a will be disappointed once again
I just love the world we live in (:
I think the team that scores more points in the 2nd half will have a good change of winning this game. #D A Lvs G B #Ice Bowl I I
Nothing like CAPA and a cold to make me feel alive on a Sunday afternoon.
#Such Kahun To I LIKE  !! ?? I LOVE   IS IN MY BLOOD 3:) :D
You really want to make sure you give those packers as much opportunity as possible to hang around. That rogers kid will crack
Wait. Hold on. Is something wrong with Aaron Rodgers leg? They haven't mentioned it much.  #Cowboys Nation
Can anyone tell by the announcing if Joe Buck has an agenda in this game? Bc I can't. # cowboy 4 life
At least everyone is on the same page with review #NFL
Horrible call, but wait the refs want to cheat for the Cow boys right??? # Cow boys Nation # Cow boys #D A Lvs G B
Awful toothache! Can't eat, can't have painkillers. My birthday is sure to be amazing  #Gonna Sleep Unil Friday
Is it me, or are the uber-rich using our government to screw the rest of us? # class warfare
Dish Network dropped Fox News! Oooohhhhh nooooo!
Glad to see Jerry's bus of officials made it up to Green Bay.....  #Go Pack Go
You know what this game needs? more commercials. #D A Lvs G B
Great time out call, Jason Garret. That's why you're a pro coach.
I would say that spot was about the length of Jerry Jones party bus too far, IMO.
You know, if Romo & Witten continue to develop they could become a pretty reliable QB/TE combination #Cowboys Nation
My Grandma is a Christian Romance Author. Her next book is called "Immaculate shades of grey" #50 Shades Of Grey #Fifty Shades Of Grey
I love it when stories about shows and actors and movies get reported at me by a dozen or more sources.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE BEING BULLSHITTED.....
I just can't wait for Valentine's Day, or what I like to call it, singles awareness day.
Yep we get all the calls alright
Block on the back on the Cowboys? Obviously Jones is paying the refs
Too pumped for this three hour drive back to beautiful erie
Are you sure an "aborted play" counts as a turnover?
I have the sinus pressure headache from Hell and now to work 6 hours of customer service. This ends well.
Loving all the fresh takes on the Toyota drummer lady.
I'm just shocked at the poor tackling in the # Packers secondary.
Instagram spammer says that I should be a photographer. Isn't everyone on IG a photographer? # irony
You aren't replying to me as per. # typical # great friend
Gotta go in to work for a few hours. Gonna miss football # Darn #onemoredayclosertobaseball
Rodgers has such a weak arm
Oh how I love it when you text me first, then I reply and then you don't reply for hours. # Not
Terrible pocket presence by Rodgers there. Only had 5 seconds to throw. Bailed out by penalty.
Effective immediately, the NFL must go thru me to review all flags thrown and penalties! Trust, I will be honest! # #D A Lvs G B
Dirty hit on romo but it's not Rodgers so no flag? The boys are for sure paying these refs today.
Clay Matthews class act on the field. # Cow boys Nation # Cow boys #D A Lvs G B
I've always said it. Clay Mathews is just as dirty a player as Suh. Trash. Refs are clearly on GB payroll.
Wow that was late AND low! No flag on #Clay Matthews? Not like official is watching QB all the time. # r e f s suck #G Bvs D A L
Great job Clutts! That sounds like but it isn't. # finish the fight #keepitin Texas
Shocking that the Cowboys get a bs PI call to go their way! #NFL # they will still lose
Oh look, yet ANOTHER call that helps out Dallas. # S hocking
who got the winter cap contract for #NFL #Dallas Cowboys #Green Bay Packers next year puppies stead of stripes
Starting to think McClain might be injury prone
Allergy meds, thank you for kicking my butt right now # need to wake up
Dunno why people keep retweeting the Fergie/£250million tweet of some time ago. Surely they realise I was taking the piss .
Cowboys get off to a slow start??!!? Never saw that coming.
# me me " is a # brain #stimulant-Both using & or hearing it can b # beneficial to # mental & # physical health." Is it # true ? # research
Southampton home next week looking a home banker # n u f c
I'm always inspired by the creativity of the cheer, "Go Pack Go"
What a good/pretty/warm day to move back in.
Well that was well worth crawling out of my death bed to stand in the freezing cold watching that shit!  #MUFC
3-5-2 and 0 shots on target. Great formation LVG! . He wanted to bring excitement instead brings boredom.
With everything happening in the world at least Carte Blanche is covering # c o u g a r s .
Great Joe and Troy announcing the game...  #Go Pack Go
Oh yay! I get to listen to Joe Buck today!!  Go Pack Go!!
Joe Buck wears Beats?! I have to get a pair now. #N F L Playoffs #G Bvs D A L # j o e buck # beats
Croatia's gonna get a new president today, woo-hoo.
I love when someone invites you over and then all you do is watch them play video games. # so fun # great host
Imagine if we had at least 3 or 4 world class attacking player's
I havent had a phone since yesterday afternoon and its been just dandy
Wow, if I didn't know any better, I would think Howie Long doesn't think fondly of America's Team.
TEAR THE GLEE SET DOWN, IDC! IT'S NOT LIKE THAT SHOW EVER MEANT ANYTHING TO ME! IT'S NOT LIKE IT CHANGED MY LIFE AT ALL. # sad glee k
Can't beat a 2 and a half hour journey to Chester
BREAKING, Dez Bryant is not wearing sleeves. # Sources #Go Away
Will we really be that lucky to hear Aikman announce the game today?! # blessed
Farewell Idaho, land of potatoes and family...on our way to sunny Belfast.  #End Of Holidays #Back To Reality
You're 50 and still rocking that ninja turtle shirt, keep it up
Oh boy I can't wait to go back to Lyndonville where the high for Tuesday is going to be 6 degrees....
I'm so excited that the U.S. Is sending #Eric Holder to Paris. He always gets a lot done.
Modi said: Let protesters protest. Today entire EU is protesting in defiance against Modi's statement
Typical Sunday, family, arguments, I hate You's, and fighting #Sunday Funday
Groceries, laundry... another exciting Sunday afternoon.
I have been up since 9, brought the dog out, & hopped back into bed. It is now 11:39 am. #Sunday Funday
Seriously had the weirdest/ awesomest dream but glad my boring life still continues
QUICK! Everyone make a big deal about Dez not wearing sleeves in today's game. It truly shows how amazing he is!
Rooney's been good so far... # m u f c
Plays a striker in midfield and a midfielder as a striker. Tactical genius #LVG
"My fellow Americans, watching Eric Holder suddenly being a world leader on TV: it was that, Biden, or missing Golf on Sunday."
is the word of the day! Using it well!
you would have thought prior to last night I would have heard that Julian Edelman was qb in college.
Maybe if we just offer AQAP & ISIL some Comparative Religious Studies courses this will all be taken care of in a semester or two?
Did the Bizon win? I was busy watching Packers highlights and waxing my legs.  #D A Lvs G B #Good For You #F C S Champ
What a wonderful example of sportsmanship Van Persie and Man Utd have just set to a generation of children watching this match
We all saw what Greg Roman is capable of with a talented QB like Kaepernick. Get excited # bills fans?
Look at you concerning yourself with my life, again! so cute, awwww
These taking moms to prom tweets get me every time hahahahaha
Yet another team has their "worst game of the season" versus # w w f c we must REALLY be a lucky side # c o i n s i d e n c e
I'm so gonna miss the cold Florida weather
Massive migraine this morning after some severe vertigo last night. #Sunday Funday
I've been tweeting but I haven't seen a single bird in hours. # T wit t e r # birds # humor
Successful January if we secure some new contracts then. # l f c
I have just loved spending the weekend before exams laying in bed running a fever and coughing my lungs out
Sure, account who follows 24k people and has 24k followers, I'll follow you. #Not Really  #Get A Clue
So is Red Nev only used for United games only now? I just love his biased commentary...
I work 70 hr weeks! You would think if I wanted to go out to a steakhouse for dinner once in 3-4 mos. It would be okay # not # Family
I like how I lose like 20 followers after not being on Twitter for a week. #Thanks Guys
Derek Carr's probably pumped about that Del Rio consideration, right?
When you dont like some one , your a hater ! There's no possible way that you could have an actual reason why you dont feel them
Yung 7:30 class ko tom I lab it.
Getting covered in puke and smelling like rotten milk equals a fantastic morning # y u c k # mom my problems
Nothing like following up an amazing night fighting with SCOM all morning. Especially without bacon.
//spent the morning in the garage..have termites...yay.
Yay. We have termites in our garage.
loving someone who hates you is like the best thing ever
Don't you just love Stock Cite Football Club? such a great footballing side.
Yeah, ignoring people is totally okay... # ignored
Yeah, holding a rally for anti-terrorism will really stop the violence. Keep up the good work. The terrorists will now stop.
Hey everyone Mark May picked Oregon, I can't believe it  #Buckeye Nation
Back to back AFC Championship appearances mean nothing. That was too long ago (2009, 2010)  #Hawt Take
Had my first nosebleed this morning (at the age of 24). This day is off to a great start.
Time zones are so great # sleepy
3 tweets away from 5k? I better find more stuff to re-tweet. # baby animals though
Week 1 of dieting done. Not ripped yet...must've been all the carbs in my coffee this morning # a lit t l em o car di o
New start time starting this morning. Got to work a half hour earlier today(6:30)..... Joy # work # grind # early #I Need Coffee
Always heartwarming to see how many helpful Christians reply to Aids foundation tweet
1 degree ovr freezing in Dallas. ~60 right now in Phx...bikinis in Miami. This Dallas thing is a GR8 idea
Because Rex is what the Bills need to be a solid franchise... Ha
Lenny kravitz is doing the super bowl halftime! oh and his opening act is Katy Perry... He could have gotten a better opener  #NFL
I don't want to sound inhuman, but, there should be a special place in hell for people who do dramas all the time!!!  :P
Sleet and freezing rain. Oh goody! Two of favorite things. # winter blues # i want summer back
Dirty play by Arnautovic takes Debuchy out of play. Fantastic.  #A F Cv S C F C
OMG SCHOOL IS TOMORROW ALREADY! #So Excited #Cant Wait
BTW...that last tweet was basically tongue-in-cheek.
Sarcastically saying, "It's a pleasure!" when someone doesn't say thank you. - Jip, this is me.  is just another service I offer.
Wow the brother is in a good mood!! # family # annoying
Keep comparing your life to other people's ones and you will live such an excellent, accomplishing life.
Up before the sun on Sunday... Good thing I have an eight hour shift at work that doesn't start until 11 :) # who needs sleep
Now officially the only single one... Yaaay
I love waking up to a freezing house!
Turns out that when a web server dies so does your websites... Who knew?!?
Hamas didnt mention the Jewish supermarket attack in its statement proving once again that its not antisemitic, just anti-Zionist.
God, I love working with people who live for money! It's genuinely the best!...
I work hard so you don't have to
Oh yay! While on vacation 4,738 Daniel Tiger episodes recorded on our DVR.
I love the standard of journalism tabloids set.
I Was Really Unkn0wn To "Being Tagged". Suddenly Then My "Inner Wise" Suggested Some Words "Bipasha Basu & Ghosts Story". :v :p
Nothing like being up at 4 a.m on a Sunday!
In town with sisters ... yay shopping time
SWEET! Only FOUR more designs to edit.
When I Fart, Whole Municipal corporation goes Numb ^_^¡  Really :'D
oh look. the church of england aiming to withhold rights from a group of people. first time this has ever happened.  #BBCTBQ
My life is a big "oh woah how interesting " moment
Have Kim Jong-un, Xi Jinping, Bashar al-Assad and the political elite of Bahrain already signed up for #Marche Republicaine?
Perhaps as a vegetarian I should work in an abattoir to ensure the animals are massacred a bit more humanely. #Sue Marsh # M a x i m us
"I do wonder what it would be like to have a difficult life.."
Consultation about my future today...woo  #Do I Have To
Sometimes all you have to do is stay up 2 days straight and enjoy the fact that all this over thinking will lead me no where haha..
I was waiting for a battle of wits, but you appear to be unarmed.
Oh no, don't go Efe, we need you badly # c e l t i c f c #WHUFC # hurry up and buy him already
Library day! How I love to spend my Sundays with SPSS and multiple regression instead of out with my boys.
Anybody else love sending snaps to the wrong person cause I love it
Don't understand people without pictures on Grindr. Oh you want to meet? Sure! I don't even know what you look like but suuure!
Yeah definitely how I wanted to spend my night
Happy birthday to my incredible father. I love you a whole a lot- happy 21st!
is such a difficult art to master...
Yeah thanks that makes me feel awesome.
I really love one-lined responses from academics when you bother to send them an email about their research # i guess i wont work with you
You know what's awesome? Neighbors that blare the radio when I'm trying to sleep.
Indians discovered and invented EVERYTHING. # sick of it
Stressing over my research paper is my fave thing to do at 1:17 .m..
Impeccable timing as always, Netflix. You put decent movies and shows on just as I'm heading back to school. # education
Damnnnnnn I got so many emojis
I love how there's always something to do in kewanee....
so much fun twitter!..stop! i can't handle it!
The only thing that comes to mind with Obama's free college shenanigan is more taxes. Bet it's going to be wonderful like Obamacare
Good job "Game Manager" Russell Wilson # Super star #S E Avs C A R
Oh snap #Justicefor Jessica is only for the "Special" people I only want #Jessica Chambers murderers revealed. # facts # relevance
I am AMAZING. Totally a catch. Oh man. # not a catch # i m really lazy
Dont ever mix religion with logic. They are poles apart, esp of a magnet. Repel without a Pause.
I've already had too much of this house. Having to parent college students on how to live with others is wonderful. # enough
20 wins in first 10 NHL season for Henrik Lundqvist. First goalie to ever do that. He's not elite though.
I hate when people eat loud and obnoxiously.... Not that the person sitting next to me is doing that
I just love memorizing long and complex chemical reactions. # engineer in g
One of the things I love most about winter is the slush I get to walk through everywhere I go.
can't wait to wake up in 6 hours and go to work!
I don't trust banks so when i'm older I will put all my money in my mattress.
news flash! married people are still capable of having fun! even without each other! breaking news!  #shutupwithyourrudecomments
The #1 way to get a girl to like you back is to discourage her, insult her dreams and tell her they're worthless. # not really
"I kissed him" "CAN I CALL YOU"
The real question is why DIDNT I redownload tinder sooner!!!!! # p l z s t o p c r e e p z
I'm shocked...and I mean SHOCKED, that Alex Burrows was in the middle of things at the end of that game. # flames
exactly what ineed on sunday morning: a bunch of old people telling me that all the people i hold dear are sinners # church
I'm glad people invite me places.
I love when I don't have storage on my phone and I don't get anyone's texts!!
exactly what i need on sunday morning: a bunch of old people telling me that basically everything i stand for is wrong # church
Feelin' SUPER loved & appreciated today... ~sigh~
Haha wow haven't seen that tweet before
Well this is wonderful. # o w # t h i s r e a l l y s u c k s
First weekend I'm not going out and getting drunk;; feels good.
Tike might be the best bowler I've ever seen
Let down...again...for like the 4th time this week..No, it's not getting old at all.. # fuck in g cool
Working all day tomorrow with just me & my district manager....sweet.  #Kill Me Now
Sleeping on my aunts broken couch tonight. Reminds me of the old days! Can't wait! # W inning #Toast To A Night Of Bad Sleep
What?!?...this broadcast team isn't moving on? #C A Rvs S E A # fox sports
Now get to watch the Seahawks and Patriots move on to Championship round, awesone. # nightmare
#Road Nats Watching some great ads! Then they interfere with some cycling telecast
I like how your spending the rest of your senior year and the beginning of 2015.
It's great to hear a loss to # k c chiefs is the catalyst for a Superbowl run. # Sea hawks # Pat riots
the seahawks are beating a awful panthers team who shouldnt of made the playoffs in the 1st place wow im really really shocked
I love how Tj's 35 year old half brother stays at the house all day and talks about God.
I think that might do it.
Carolina shoulda done what we did and just paid the refs.
OMG did they just pick up a flag? That never happens. Let's riot. #C A Rvs S E A #NFL #N F Lplayoffs #Divisional Weekend
Not bad for a game manager! Fantastic game...yah I don't know. well managed, yes! # go hawks
I will just be completely downtrodden if the ice/sleet/snow causes the first day of this semester to be cancelled.  #HU #Harding U
Been wondering all night why #Sky Sports N F L have Bradley Whitford as an in studio analyst... # i award you no points
PICKED UP FLAG # R i g g e d # C o n s piracy #Home Cooking #Only Talking Point Of The Game #NFL # Sea hawks
I bought my first couch today and I feel so alive. # but really
i cannot WAIT to go to church tomorrow morning and afternoon
Quartermann didn't feel like shooting a wide open 3 from the corner? That's a win for Georgia there.
I love how people call me Brittney # no # no tmynamebitch
How many # startups can get # f u n d e d from monies spent on # big fat in di an weddings ? # connecting dots
Things I love to do.....rub my eyes wilts there is peppermint oil residue on my fingers. # burn baby burn # o u c h # essential oils
Those quarters are so difficult to keep straight lol -  #C A Rvs S E A
46 and 18 for washed up Pau Gasol.
Roman Harper with a STELLAR drive
When a person thanks someone for gifts via facebook post then says they're not actually facebook friends... ...genius.
And Cam with the throwaway..didn't take a sack
how is Amy spending her Saturday night? studying for Calculus. how fun.
Sweet! Paul Romanuk and Mike Johnson calling the # jets game on # sports net . # mute # w h e r e s curt k e i l back # h o c k e y s j o e buck
#Black Mirror just cried a little to season 2 episode 1 : # be right back # b r b # thanks
Got to love second hand smoke
Got to love there screen names. # really clever #Marvel With Friends #The Incredible Hulk
I wish I cared as much as I used too. So people can hurt me more...
Pretty good throw for a running QB.
Being bored alone on a Saturday night doesn't make me feel like a loser or anything
Sick plays is all I can say at this point
# I c e q u a k e p o c al y p se day 2, 9pm: nothing to report, wait, there are still clouds. #DFW # weather
#Bro Tip: Use the promise of # love and # romance as bait to score with another person. I mean, you gotta get it someway, right?
My favorite thing about this new phone is how often it freezes and how there isn't a front facing camera.
My parents told me that the smoke alarm went off last night but i slept through it. That only makes me a little worried.
Our friends are Sooo amazing # again
Boy that Russell Wilson sure looks small and shrimpy running around in that backfield. # B r owns
At least we held them to 6 goals! #B Sens  #I Just Want To Celebrate #Celebrate Anything
Plus in Guyana the place so cold we gotta wear tope nd scarf. So we don't catch pneumonia....
How shocking it is that the protector of the people, George Zimmerman was arrested for Domestic Violence again.
Russell Wilson might be flirting with 300 passing yards tonight. Getting frisky
Oh how I've missed the constant drunken cries of bad choices outside my window and door all night long
Can't drive cause Ryan drank. # two beers # so wasted
If you want to know real Metal it's botdf obviously  I hate them
Cam celebrating with another teammate? What a self-centered a-hole. Does he not know it's about the WHOLE team?
Love it when the day goes completely 100% as you planned it..
Epic meltdown Last five minutes Mizzou hoops thank god we hired john wooden to prevent this. # get a real coach
Reffing a midget tier 3 game and it's 10-0 after 2. This is such an intense game...
I don't know how to be serious it's coming off as
Glad to see the Bammers have lightened up to Cam.
With the way the # Carolina offense has ran... That might be ballgame... # Maybe
I really need to start using this app again. Never held onto the hype but whatever, gotta keep up to date! # trend y
Seattle got a flag for unsportsmanlike conduct? You're kidding! Cost field goal range? I'm shocked!  #C A Rvs S E A
Lockette is always so calm though
You ask for people to give you money to pay bills and then go get a tattoo and talk about your next car. You must be super broke.
OMG WHEN *PUT DJ NAME HERE* DROPPED *PLACE 90s RAP/R&B SONG HERE* I FUCKING LOST MY MINDDDD. #WEGETIT #YOUREILL
This game is gonna be fun.  #C A Rvs S E A #N F L Playoffs
I've now resorted to talking to my excess body fat in an attempt to reason with it. I'll keep you posted on how that works out
I love it when people call my phone to get AJ especially when I want/trying to RP
Drivers of the world: drive in the dark with ur lights on full beam to dazzle other drivers bravo
It is so loud in Seattle they can't do sideline interviews! It'll probably be that way in church tomorrow ...
Based on Smands snaps of her babysitting she's gonna be a great mom # compliment not
Oh nice... I certainly appreciate that # thanks guys
I can't wait to listen to everyone talk about how amazing the Pats are. Can't you tell how excited I am? It's gonna be great. Woo.
The best quarterback in the NFL just lost in New England. Wow, what an upset.
I would LOVE to thank the ppl who left what looks like chip, popcorn, and pretzels remnants all over the apartment...
In light of recent events #5SS celebrates #Freedom Of Speech with musicians who have made # satire and part of their craft.
Belichick's smile is always too much too handle #B A Lvs N E
So my favorite AFC team left gets knocked out... Now I have to watch one of my two favorite NFC teams get eliminated, Great!
I guess 90 mph is to hard to chase down in those new 2013-2015 Dodge Chargers...
Pretty sure Tom Brady was responsible for that Joe Flacco interception. He's that damn good!
What an elite throw by Joe Flacco
Yes, Flacco is the greatest QB in football now. Clutch. He's amazing.
Really Ravens, throw an interception # good job -_-
Flacco is so elite you guys # r a v e n s
horse bleep, oh well, guess if we win, we get to go to New England, HOORAY
Look at that #Bill Belichick put on his fancy long sleeved sweatshirt for this game. That was  just in case you missed it
Sure am happy Flacco didn't play like this when he was on my fucking fantasy team.
This has been an eventful day.
Another 4th down conversion for the ravens?! I cant believe it!
Because what's better than spending your Saturday night at home watching Netflix eating junk all by yourself?
When white guys take a hit across the middle, it will never be a flag
Nice of Patches to accept the congratulations from his linemates.
4 hours of sleep in the past 36 hours. I should be all right.
So excited to hear all about the "12th man" all night! Ranks up there with that infernal Braves chant:-/  #Keep Pounding #C A Rvs S E A
Transferring my music from one computer to the other is the most fun a girl can have without taking her clothes off.
More Goodell screen shots! More screen time for Goodell! More Goodell shots! #NBC #N F L Playoffs
Thank you to the 30 people who unfollowed me. I really appreciate it!
Nice hard play by Cowen. Great stuff. # S e n s
so does # k u bi a k have a trick play up his sleeve
"  is the lowest form of wit, and yet the highest form of intelligence." ~Oscar Wilde. Ummm...what???
Yes, Joe B. I love watching Howard's injury a million times. Especially in slow motion. It doesn't look even remotely excruciating.
Glad the refs are favoring the Ravens # h a s h t a g f o r t h e i d i o t s
Patriots finally found a QB since that Bledsoe guy left #NFL
# I c e q u a k e p o c al y p se day 2, 6pm: uh oh, sprinkles! #DFW # weather
guess NE doesn't have to worry about Brady retiring
Yes, belibers, Lara Stone clearly wants the man you're going to marry, sending her death threats is a great idea.
Tom Brady's 4-yard passes are GOAT.
I did not forget that it's my mum's birthday tomorrow. I'm not going to be heading out early tomorrow to get her a card/present.
Reading # Face book posts is almost painful some days! It takes everything I have not to respond. # impossible to # control my !
I hate working on Saturdays but shity cocoa makes it all worthwhile. # enough already
Flacco 4 TD's, but he isn't any good. #B A L Tvs N E #N F L Playoffs
Jeez Flacco is a beast. Threw it to an uncovered RB in the flat who ran untouched in the endzone. MVP
Everyone better watch out - the # Oilers are on a tear - 3 wins in the last 9 games # playoff bound
Looks like face guarding to me # screw then f l
KANE didn't make the #N H L All Star game? Hmmm, that's weird. #Why Not ? # go jets go
I love when you buy a hot coffee, go outside and five minutes later is an iced coffee. # First world problems # Star bucks # Winter #NY
Yay!! So happy for all the gay, white, cis-men out there.
Wow! What a ground breaking announcement!
My favorite part of college basketball is taking 15 mins to play :14.
Aww, patriots are losing!! # g o r a v e n s # c ants t and bel i chick #B A Lvs N E
I think this first half has went exactly like most ppl thought it would
Yeah Flacco is so good, throwing ducks up and praying for PIs…Just elite man. First ball HoFer no doubt.
Yeah, the Ravens really regret that Flacco contract
So let's all play 'I am a happy, effective, and emotionally stable f**king adult!' My favorite f**king game EVER, YAY!
Did the bison win or something? #4- p eat
Those new McDonalds commercials make me wanna go hug a panda bear , aweeeee
Fear the Flacco! Caw caw! #B A Lve N E  #He Is Overrated
So excited to go into work.
Wait, now we get pre-punt commercial breaks too? Awesome. # n f l # fail # p a t r i o t s v s r a v e n s
Yea nfl, Murray adjusting and running outside was for sure the reason Dallas beat Detroit last week
WTF was that? Nice play call. Let's just get out of this half and regroup. # R a v e n s
good news, foie gras is back on the menu! Gobble it up you fat f*cking turkey f*cks.
I really love it when people get upset with me when they can't find or pull up their coupons on their phone # cash i e r problems
also, that taunting call was just such a good call
Jai p u r says "I am pink city" Telangana "Bitch please we are a state" # India # Jai p u r # Hyde r a bad # Tel an a g an a # pink # G u la bi # effect
4 hours ago...I got an ideal...Let's film outside on 1 of the coldest days of the year...come on, it'll b fun!  yup, it was fun..not
What a saint nadia is eh
Biggest Loser.TOTALLY sympathize w people who take leave from work, get a trainer & have to focus completely on exercise for 3 mos.
Idk what it is about attracting people who are shady as shit. What a blessing
Kline is playing. This is gonna go well.
So glad to see the NFL referee consistency continues.
Cut Blocks in the NFL, I thought only Georgia Tech did that
How about unsportsmanlike conduct call on the previous play refs? Good call # n f l refs.
So excited # b u c s could end up with # wins ton or # mar iota . Either one will become the next # tomb r ad y . # a f c divisional round # n f l
Gosh, Tom Brady held the ball too long on those 2 sacks...why didn't he just get rid of the ball like #Jay Cutler should've done?
Let's add two more hours on tomorrow! Great! # annoyed
Breaks my heart to see Pretty Boy Tom Brady get so upset and have a little temper tantrum!  #Pats Vs Ravens
I never doubted Goodell's integrity. Just like I never doubted Kim Kardashian's wholesomeness.
"Mad Men" spinoff show, "Better Call Pete" announced by Jon Hamm at TCA panel. (No, not really!)
Oh good Emma Roberts is here to save this episode #AHSFREAKSHOW # Ugh
Steve Smith is down? Aaaaaw, that's such a shame. # s u c k i t r a v e n s # go patriots #Go Pats # brad ys my boy
Tom Terrific with the blinding speed!  #Still Great #B A Lvs N E
Yeah Connie never attacks for the sake of it. #Its Been A Long Week # Casualty
Steve Smith is too old. Can't expect to him to perform at a high level at his age
Belichick's strategy to have the Pats practice in the cold paying early dividends. Their brains are frozen. # Pat riots
Damn refs, screwing over the Pats.  #N Evs B A L
Yeah. This Patriots defense looks tough as nails...
This is going splendidly so far... # Pat riots
At Count Basie with my family to see the Wildcrats because I don't like watching football on TV.  #whatdadsdowhentheylovetheirkids
So the defense is off to a fantastic start...  #comeon Patrick Chung
Great job by Chung that series...
eventually, we'll run out of people to wrongfully persecute, and we'll die of righteous boredom
Thanks NBC for adding "the fumble" to that "highlight" reel. Signed--Cleveland.
Did you guys know the Ravens have had success against he Patriots in Gillette? I never knew
oh yes, she is so generous, new outtake
I am getting drunk. I am a huge hypocrite. Night Twitter. Happy fucking 2015...
Thanks NBC for including "The Fumble" in that opening montage
Brady has 18 postseasons wins, most by any QB in NFL history. Ya he sucks big time, let's hate him # jealous # Pat riots
Isn't it nice to be a medium fish in a small pond, Montana fans? Good thing we didn't advance the program when we had the chance.
All is right with the world! Both Kentucky and North Carolina won!
Long ball from Bale to set up the first goal. Sign him up Sam.  #RMAESP
Still trying to figure out how Brady is playing in this game after week 2 loss to chiefs. He was supposed to be washed up. #B A Lvs N E
Kentucky wins. Louisville loses. God smiles. # but kind a true
Watching Football Night in America. #N F L Playoffs Nah...they aren't biased or anything.
Thank you # dish network for really coming through with that awesome UK game!
After 18 yrs, side chick is beginning to "crack." Don't know if she started to crumble in year FIFTEEN, SIXTEEN or what...
Harrison twins a combined 6-30 from the floor today...good decision to come back to school boys
Cleaning, cleaning, all day long. OH Yeah!
They just changed the channel. Still 8 women, but now we're watching basketball. Much better.
I'm a little upset I'm missing the Kansas City Zoo Show right now because of the #U Kvs T A M U game # i love this shit #College B Ball
I told our banker I would cherish the cardholder agreement, and keep it under my pillow and read it every night before bed # banking
wish it wasnt so hot outside
And another 5 minutes of the most awesome game ever! #BBN
That's a great look from 35-40 feet w/ 6 seconds left on the clock.
Eats pasta. Practice sketching. Sleep. Go on tumblr. My weekend is so amazing
I'm not a bitch, just kidding, go fuck yourself! ;P # nobody gets it
Watching Mark Briscoe vs Roderick Strong. Figures now it is a 2015 one. .
Refs got the play of the game with that false call, good fucking job refs you really got that one right  #Fuck You
If texas a&m beats Kentucky, it will really help K-State's SOS for getting into the NCAA tournament.
Nice rebounding..  2 FG since 9 minute mark in the 2nd half isn't gonna beat any1.
Love feeling like I'm 17 again & having to hide in my bedroom!
Darren Carrington should just appeal his failed drug test so he can play like N. Suh  #Oregon Ducks #O S Uvs O R E
Man George Zimmerman seemed like such a good guy, I'm shocked...
I loooove that I work with a racist prick
Awesome 5 more minutes of this. #BBN
18 Secs no time out. Look unorganized & clueless for 17 secs shoot 40 footer, call time out with 1 tic left. #Great Coaching # Cats
Glad I don't have 10 hours of homework or anything.
"We'll have between 1.5 and 1.9 seconds left." Those four tenths of a second will be the difference maker for sure.  #U Kvs T A M U
Didn't know you could disobey stop signs getting onto a highway?  People are so dumb.
quite happy to be this bored
Good to see they haven't dumbed down # stars in their eyes what a load of crap, should be on CBeebies channel
Can't wait for all the sports analysts to come out during the game
Of course the zip code is wrong for my furniture delivery today. Yep... day gets better and better... # o b vs
This formula E coverage is great..... lets go to break as the leader slaps the wall.
This dude is playing by nobody's rules! He's coming at this from left field! Hard and edgy! # the voice u k
Liverpool on last on Match of the Day.....great!
And the Kentucky juggernaut takes its first lead of the game five mins into the 2nd half against the Aggies.
Seems like a lot of people love Ted Valentine.
It's Islamist extremists who are causing so much terror in the world today...but instead let's hate gay people!
I love having my whole entire life quantified down into a set of three scores. #PSAT
I love spending my 18th birthday at rehearsal!  #Theatre Problems
Yay we are stuck on the Tarmac for 15 minutes
Saw a bunch of lights at the Chinese festival of light. You can tell I'm a writer because I invoke such emotion with my words
This is just turning to be a great day...
The voice on BBC and stars in their eyes on ITV # tva tits best # not
I think we should change the Manager every month!! Why not don't need stability # magic w and give it a rest # n f f c
Rappers. So inconsiderate of my tea time this afternoon, closing down cafes. # Drake #Good For Ontario Film
It's hard to imagine why Dan Dakich isn't still coaching.  #Go Bucks
I'm not sure this intro to Framework has enough drama or emphasis on the competition.
After watching #South Park , I consider avenging the Prophet Jesus Christ.. #No I Dont  #Thick Skinned Catholic #Radicalized Morons #FUAQ
When your child p o o p s 3 times on the flight home... Obviously gonna be the highlight of my day # p o o p
Harry Kane is shit and should not be picked for England. # wishful thinking
Can't wait to go in and make some pizzas today
YAY!! I have to take care of my sibling while my parents are going to Vegas. # not fun # party hard
HEY! Stop saying Zimmerman's a thug! He's not a thug (regardless of his violent history); The REAL thug was the unarmed Black teen!
Thanks to all the fan for coming......
Oomf replies so damn fast i cant keep up
If I could go a day without drama, I could say I lived the "American Dream".
First time ever going to the Patriots... Is it supposed to be a good game? # be jealous
I love when I'm stuffing my face with lunch and someone walks in and sees me.
For future reference, folks, the P.C term for the terrorists in France is 'African Frenchies'. That is all. B|
# V e r i z on store told me I had to wait 30 minutes to return the phone case I bought! Wonderful service! # par am us
I just love waking up to a loud TV in the living room. It just puts me in a good mood for the rest of the day
Pros of Huda: I met my family, they are really nice people.
We have Clark Kellogg? Great. #BBN
Yes, George Zimmerman. You were NOT following #Trayvon Martin & you did NOTHING to provoke him that night.  #Justice For Trayvon #J4TM
#George Zimmerman seems like such a nice guy
nothing better than a long ass bus ride to an away game
Not having a say in any family decisions is awesome :)
#George Zimmerman "Treyvon was the aggressor, he should have never attacked a man with a gun" oh okay.
Keep the dream alive, don't wake up, hit the snooze button. !
Wait. Is there a football game today???
Hamm: happy show's ending? "So thrilled. Looking forward to being unemployed. So happy not to see these people. " #TCA15
Jon Hamm on #Mad Men: "yea, I’m thrilled that it’s ending... " #TCA15
Thrilled that it's ending, so looking forward to being unemployed. Happy not to see any of these poeple again. - Jon Hamm  #TCA15
6 turnovers already and down 8. Great game so far  #GW
I'm like literally the happiest man alive to be doing logbooks right now # n ah fuck it
Don't know what the Villa fans are moaning about I think Lambert is doing a fantastic job
So A&M's leading scorer out fir today's game. HUGE break for Cats!
I'd like to take the time to stop and thank Chevy for making such shitty block heater cords. Nothing else I'd rather do today
Filming weddings with Luke is just oh so fun...
George Zimmerman arrested for domestic violence, authorities say a firearm was involved. # shocking
. #George Zimmerman arrested now doesn't make him guilty of past crimes, stop acting like it does.
Really looking forward to going to villa park next week. should be a realy nice atmosphere # l amber tout
How beautiful it was to eat early today.
showed a few homes this AM to a FTHB in # n wind i an a thanks for plowing out the drive. you must be serious about selling your home
I make the best choices and never regret them
11:11 make a wish # gay # happy
4 visits from Charter in 3 days! #New Best Friend
Received a message to use # true t wit to verify me to follow someone. Yeah... That captcha isn't at all shady. # s c am # no just no
Yeah this day of laziness is gonna help me pass my exam for sure
So glad that people make plans with out me. # thanks a lot # frustrated # feel left out # cant believe this # always happens
For a minute there I thought my roof had stopped leaking but no worries it is still going strong # f f s # student flat # water tight
yeno what would be hilarious? if i couldnt get in to uni on my first day back....
Being a Villa fan is so enjoyable.....
Great insight about WBA & Berahino on BBC website from Andy "Andrew" Cole.
George Zimmerman was arrested again? Oh. Didn't see that coming.
Keep on standing your ground, George Zimmerman.
Morning run: 3 miles. 15°F = perfect morning for a run. # running # winter
I don't wanna brag, but the Prince of Nairobi died and left me 4.5 million dollars. # so thoughtful
about 5 hrs until football fans fill my timeline up complaining over bad referee calls..should be fun! # P layoffs
So George Zimmerman got arrested for assault. Color me shocked. SHOCKED!
Yeah let's get Vardy on so he can 'run around' # leave it
I wish someone would Tweet something about the FCS Championship Game - been pretty quiet here on Twitter the last few days.
What a great country we must live in where people are more likely to be sent to jail then they are to go to college
when you wake up because you think your bladder is going to explode is the best...
If you don't post about going to the gym or lifting weights, I question your commitment and don't think you really go # no one cares
# authors I # love . # entertain men t If U enjoy artfully deployed # Irish #Nelson De Mille isthebest. Readg #Up Country 4the3rdX
I just love waking up early to do readings
If you think name calling makes you superior, good luck with that!!!  #Mean Friends
Costa seems like he doesn't want to score, Azpilcueta got injured cause he got dribbled. This looks like its gonna be a great game!
Zimmerman arrested again. Didn't see that coming. # tray von mar tin
Oh yay, a house full of children.
Getting son number one up and out for his first winter track practice was so much fun.
Love getting up nice and early and having my 8 am patient cancel.
George Zimmerman arrested again? For aggravated assault with a weapon? Huh. And he always seemed like such a stand-up guy.
Because God forbids that men should ever do any house chores because that is what women are for.  #reasonswhyineedfeminism
Weird, George Zimmermann was arrested again? Can't say I saw that coming.....
I just love living with constantly crabby ass people.
Someone should let the radio stations know about this new song Uptown Funk! Because I just don't hear enough on the radio
Can't wait to be watching football playoffs till 1am.  ...At least they're supposed to be good games so I may be entertained.
Went to sleep at 2:30am & my day started at 5:40am today & today really does continue to get better # annoyed
So there are only 20 of us? Tak pressure langsung. Serius.
Does anyone else love to wait at the DMV?
Blowing a gale and snowing - absolutely mint # weekend ruined
Why is Obama so obsessed with East Tennessee? We really dont want him here. # No
Dear Instagram, Verifying you first thing in the morning was too much work.
You know what's awesome? Having your forums account split and seeing that you have 50+ PMs from users... So many missed messages.
So apparently George Zimmerman has a problem with violence? No...
1 degree this am, feels like -14. # t hats nice # p u r e m i c h i g an
Fucking love it when a customer comes in stinking of weed. *Sweet Chin Music*
Huh!?! It's cold out here! Wonder why no one said anything on the Twitters or the Facebooks?
Can't believe how naive the T.O. media is. Do you clowns really think the players thought Horacek was the player of the game?
Tuning into ESPN for some laughs and bold predictions
As Christians we p ray for those that do us wrong. Muslims kill. Hmm, yea I can see how we’re the bad a p p les. # t c o t # c c o t # p 2
If you #Kill All Muslims now, who else will be left to kill then? So, do it slowly, as you've been doing for a century.
Day started and it's just been great. Can't wait to be up at the expo for 4 hours in the freezing cold.
If america has the most adults the believe in angels, then that must mean americas gods favorite place in the world. # fuck y o faith
Looking forward for going to my sister Kylie's wedding and wearing a strapless dress.
The best kind of people are the ones that you keep on giving excuses to and they never get the idea
It is perfectly legal to foul Liverpool players in the box.
perfect timing to get the lurgy with my exam next week ! # f f s # not fair # convenient
George Zimmerman arrested again? No way.
Very blessed and thankful that I GET to work Saturdays it's one more day to learn # lets get it ?
Fantastic punditry and comment as usual from Mark Lawrenson on Football Focus
Right. Today is going to be a practical sort of day. Re-foofing the shed and cleaning the gutters. Lovely day for it
Great start to Saturday, 1/4 shot not even placed!!
Fixing car today! I'm really excited!
Weekend insomnia is twice as fun!
# d arts Notice Barry Hearn's newspaper column today first paragraph he talks about how much money he is making, that is unlike him
And to my utter shock, everybody has signed Harry Kane in fantasy footy!
Right back to old habits, so much for new year new me
It's pretty ironic how people get mad when you treat them the same way they treat you # real is at ion
It's 11pm and I still haven't left to go out yet. Yay! (:
Because darling your curves look perfect through my X-Ray ¬ #Radiology Effect
Lucas and Gerrard in the middle? Yaay.
Skrtel looks like he's well up for the game doesn't he?!
I'm still alive, thanks for asking
If everyone was tipsy all the time, I would be a stand up comedian bc I'm not funny when you're sober. # dry humor # where my alcoholics
Hence proven, "prayers have power". Before every Dharna’s speech, he used to say “Ya Allah Reham ker” and his plead goes literal.
I love waking up at 6 to go swim for 3 hours
Your mind is the scene of the crime? More like your mind is where all the crimes of the world is being hosted at.
Only takes me an hour to get to Bugbrooke and back to get the kit on a Saturday morning. A thoroughly enjoyable journey
So repetitive. You are very original doing the same thing every weekend...
Great! Turns out the baby monitor also picks up howling wind. We were wondering what to do with the undisturbed nights # self pity
I'm so glad people I love and respect are so into casual victim blaming and defending convicts.
Oh how I love waking up with a bad cold  tweet
AND Rachel's iconic dads are getting divorced, how great  I loved this couple :/
My mom texted me at 2 am in the morning saying are you at a friends house? Get home! I was at work. Love it when they listen to me
From being a boring lawyer now she gets the mask, the costume & the bike. JUST IN 3 EPS. What a long journey.
No Friday would be complete with my tyre blowing out and my steering not doing its job. Looking forward to the drive to Newcastle.
Oh I'm sorry person who owns the white car. Is there not enough space between you and the other white car?
Ohh noo, wind and rain! We've never had this before... the trains must fall into bedlammm Ahhh # O m f g kill me now
keeps the human mind in shape, providing the mental stimulation it needs to fight off infections & mental disorders.
Thanks brain for making me have a realistic dream that made me wake up and realise the truth again
#Kill All Muslims Yes because trying to wipe out a religious group clearly worked out well in the past
I really love waking up on a Saturday morning at 6am (when I could be having a lay in) and not being able to get back to sleep
No wonder I have so much friends,,its coz I speak the language .
From the moment I laid eyes on you, I knew I wanted to spend the rest of my life avoiding you
One percent chance of snow. Oooooo.
Yay. Today's gonna be fun # not
So I'm back on home soil now & almost getting run over at the airport AGAIN. Man I wont miss the taxis stopping 4 u in NYC
Hey ya'll don't think I'm ready to use this whole twitter thing JUST kidding
I wish I was in Greenpoint today for the ANC rally.
India is such a country where a person with rape and different criminal charges talks about women empowerment. #Irony Died1000 Times
My brand new iPhone all of a sudden just decided to not have sound #i Phone6 Plus # so glad it does n t work
Way to watch my back while i took out the helicopters. #GTAV #G T A Online
I heart you, bless your soul
It feels so good to know how little I actually mean to you. # indirect # d o u c he
Love being on a bus not knowing where I am
Freedom to ridicule, insult and vilify, is freedom of speech. # just and excuse # l i b e r a l d o u c he # u n d e r s t and in g # tolerance
My favorite thing about twitter? Following/retweeting/favoriting ppl I don't know on accident. # get off my t l
I love how my parents forget I'm coming home and lock me out
I'm glad that you made time for me this break..
so when ever I'm in argument ppl gonna be like "At least I'm employed" y'all are really original
Shit I guess I am always mad. You know me then I know myself apparently. #dontbringherup#wow
Wow, the Cavs try really hard on D.
Yay more time alone just what I wanted....
Grats Rick Snyder for receiving an award by signing an anti-free-market, anti-consumer piece of legislation. # mor on
Shut up n dont fight ..we r jus friends n not in relationship...! at its best! # i ma gin at ion
'Islam is a religion of peace' and the countries under its rule do no injustice to that statement whatsoever  #Raif Badawi
I love when people are mad at me it's just the best feeling in the world # c a n y o u t e l l t h a t i m bitter
What a great way to end the night
I just need my own personal apple expert 24/7. # confused # i love technology
I'd like to thank Michele Obama for making the fruit snacks in the lunch room 90% tinier!Really changed my whole life with that one
Wow the wind brad and Ryan makes it look real good
I see you over there blazin up. Ok you cool
When you dont like some one , your a hater ! There's no possible way that you could have an actual reason why you dont fw them .
Those are my two cents. But w ha t do I know? # i don t ha ve a masters # ha
Gotta make the drive to Arlington Sunday... #UTA #Mav Up  #Who Cares
Can't wait to work at the crack of fucking dawn tomorrow.
loving Mark Jackson's unbiased 'analysis' on # warriors back court right now #NBA ....
Man you gotta love this effort.
Lol at practicing songs and monologues on a Friday # t h e a t e r p r o b z z # l ol # stupid # lame # what am i doing
High of 37 tomorrow? Man it's gonna be a hot one.
This is just a shout out to all of my followers! I wouldn't have gotten this far without you guys!  #Eats A Pint Of Ice Cream
How good is it when you cant sleep....
I love it when someone thinks saying "that sucks" is criticism that I should take gracefully
1° F and dropping. Great evening to be at work....Effen COLD # shift work # steel worker
Love being home on a friday
Hurray for surprise 12 hours shifts that make you cancel your plans. Woot!
The best friends are the ones who persistently harass you over a smart-ass tweet you posted # S u b t we et
Good thing I don't get invited to shit # no new friends
I really love being scheduled a 12 hour day without being asked. # un necessary
And I just found out my psychotic ex is moving to Nashville so, that's great news
Because all Middle Eastern people are Muslims, right? # tt r tt p t
My alarm is set for 2:30. I'm sure I'll be quite charming at that hour, before my coffee.
Hahahaha tonight gets better and better
It's been a real treat watching chase budinger tear it up all year for the # T wolves GTFOH
Oh man. Leaving my lakeside home in Florida to go to SoCal and then Vegas..How do I keep up with such an awful life.....
Okay, severe nausea solved that one. The joys of blood in your stomach. #Post Surgery  #Firstworld Problems
There's a show coming out. FOB-fresh of the boat. Yes its about an asain family, thats not racists at all.
At least it wasn't a shootout loss...
I'm so going to buy the fruity pebbles now bc they added a new color!!! New flavores! They all dont taste the same!
Waking up to no electricity.. Thanks Eskom
Larsson blows it for the Devils with a terrible turnover in his own zone, and they lose in overtime...shocking #LGD
I think we're losing because Noah is wearing an undershirt.
I hate that you judge so many people & when it comes to you , your a fucken saint
Shocked the timelines don't match up. # date line
Of course Charles has changed. They always change. They'll never do it again. # date line
Oh yeah blame me and make me feel awful for being successful because you aren't # makes sense
Just saw my former job on the internet not a fan of the internet right now the perfect ending to the perfect day.
The town of Dracut does a great job cleaning up the snow
I love those two sided bitches. # f you
Stop arguing!... u r my girlfriend not my wife... # i ma gin at ion
I've got heartburn, I'm burping, and I've got a headache: aka signs I'm getting some type of vomiting stomach bug. Yay!!
Shove your ideals and beliefs down other peoples throats, that always seems to work right?
$80 to fix washer, but could go out any day. That's just awesome.
I just LOVE paying $170 for medication that treats something I may or may not have.
Pershore full of interesting people, such a buzzing town at night! # once in a blue moon
//Congrats to Michigan for having the most car pile ups in one day because of snow squalls #Gotta Be Proud
Guys stop with all the texts and messages it's killing me I can't bare it -.-' # feeling lonely
Blaine is dating Dave? Yeah that makes total sense. # Glee
No monologue to describe how I feel at the moment
The amount of excitement I have to get on a cold bus with -20 degree weather at 7am on a Saturday is ridiculous
Great start to the 2Q for the Thunder. Two misses, one turnover and three Jazz baskets.
So they killed off my favourite marvel hero: Wolverine, now they wanna kill off my 2nd favourite: Deadpool. Thanks Marvel Now!
Oh man. Big night in OKC. Quin Snyder is literally in the house!!!  #Thunder Up
It's cool. Not like I wanted to celebrate my nephews 1st bday with him. He has other family you know. # thanks for the invite
Wanna know what's funny? The amount of money in my bank account. # so cool
# L e a f s - problems are OVER. It is safe for their fans to plan the parade and buy silver polish for the Cup. # irony and
# Employment increased by 2.95 million in 2014... Largest gain since 1999. Thanks, Mitch McConnell!
What a great way to end my Friday
There's nothing like having a fever on the night you celebrate your birthday with your friends. . # blessed
Nothing turns me on # tinder like a man with his gun. #justincaseyoutookthatseriously
Just got home, sounds like another stellar game by the #B Sens. # sigh
Well this is a fun night
Apparently a big rave at BJC next weekend, who's in!
It sure is shocking how popular Google Glass has become...
Oh how I love buying additional textbooks... # college life
IS ANYBODY AWARE THAT JEFF GREEN IS BEING TRADED?? # C e l t i c s talk
James Young in for Celtics. Is this what they got from the Suns for Wright?
RT SigHolmes: Too bad you can't just tell the Ed. the review was badly done, without specifics.  MackayIM
One of the perks of being an Architect: Paper..lots and lots of paper everywhere !!! # architect u re # dilemma # r e c y cling # paper
It's hardly snowing and the streets are really well plowed.
Gelato & my heating pad, what a fun night.
I just love analyzing poetry on a Friday night.
Coming home and there's no one there. At all >>>>>  #Ihate Being By Myself
I've been in this line at galexy cinemas for 17 minutes. There is only 4 ppl ahead of me. # fast service # great prices
I feel like ass but still look cute as a fucking button!! #Not Sure How I Do It
I absolutely love how when you tell someone you study Media they completely shut down and show disinterest..
There should really be some sort of # p u n c t u at ion mark to indicate intended whilst # writing online. That would be GREAT! No, REALLY!
This is such s fun night
aaaand I said it would be an early night tonight. Yup. Nailed that one.
Well women in black 2 wasn't scary at all # could of had a he a et attack
Paul McCartney is so famous now! Thank you Kanye West!
Well my bedroom window ain't gonna be fucking annoying all night with the wind is it # needs fixing # useless man
Keep telling me how much saltier you are than me, corporal, don't forget to mention all the radio watch you've done here.
S/O to the type of guys who feel the need to have opinions on subjects they have no business having an opinion on. . Fuck yo couch.
Obama going to give all JC kids a bunch of FREE tuition. Sweet. I'm really glad our nation has so much money!!  His other ides work
Good god Harrold is back. Yay
Cloyd rivers blocked me. I'll call that a win # M e r i c a
Students must maintain a 2.5 gpa to get free # tuition . Why is the bar so high. .
lol I just love running till my feet give out. don't you?
Thank you Tumblr for not tweeting my two other posts. That was *so* helpful of you.
Thanks for not responding to what I've been asking for since Monday until 4:50 on Friday. That made my life SO much easier. # f b
Me: "I have my football banquet tonight." Dad: "Oh, for Jordan?" Me: "No for Riverton"
Were the #Paris Attacks our own fault? Should we be more tolerent of Islam? Are we just a bunch of islamophobics?  #Lo L
Handball World Cup starting next week in great handball country Qatar.
If you're funny or tweet , # follow me, I'll # follow back instantly. # P r o m is e
Olympics in Boston? What a great idea!
In my 'I'm ugly and I won't get anywhere' mood, having awesome time :D
What a shocker.. exactly what i said would happen in fact wound up happening, i wouldve never guessed that.
Nothing says "Queen Bee" more than an unflattering orange jumpsuit.
Leaving Toronto at 5:20pm on a Friday night. Can't think of a better time to sit in traffic. # rush hour crush
Oh good. The dog in the flat downstairs has just started yapping non stop. That'll make it easier to go to sleep
More people being educated?! That's a terrible thing for our economy!
"No sturctural abnormalities" makes it sound like they did surgery on a completely healthy shoulder.
I'm almost at 300 followers, and it only took me darn near 5 years! #Mr Important #Social Media Guru
Transporter 3. Where every scene is more than believable.
I don't think this day can get any better. # someone shoot me
Can't express how excited I am to be in Rolla, Mo. tonight. Great views in all dierections.  Let's get 2 wins and get out!
I don't exactly hate you but if you were on fire and i had water,I'd drink it.
yeah saying that you don't want me and don't like me right in front of me doesn't hurt at allll
Good morning! Work on a Saturday! Yehey!
#Favorite Passtime: Finding hypocritical posts and 'liking' them. #So Troll  #Sar G A S M
Thanks for the # c o n t r a c e p t i v e advice #CBBAlicia...appreciated. ...
I love when my kid falls asleep just in time for me to wake them up!  #Dad Life
Y'know what Columbus needs? Somewhere to buy gourmet tacos.
Once we elect Obama and Kerry there will be no terrorism. Terrorism was created by George Bush's rough Texas manner.
Wish I was rich and could spend all day. Sitting around taking selfies .lmao # just saying
Al Qaeda is over. Hello? It's not 2001 anymore! All we have to fear is "lone wolves"- "home grown"- most likely Tea Party. ;)
Al Qaeda of Yemen had claimed credit for the Charlie Hebdo massacre! Time to release those Gitmo darlings you Islamophobes!
I LOVE it when people take me out of context
Well... This new year has kicked off to a bloody fantastic start....
I love being sick. No exercise or working out, food is bland, and I can't smell a thing. It's fantastic!
People who blow off friends for their significant others are my favorite kind of people.
This computer hates me today, and the feeling is drastically mutual. Too bad it's not a Mac. They never have issues. #it I Sa Mac
Boy # car lie you really haven't been paying attention to a thing # j as on said #GH
"Ofcom have spoken and we must obey" says UKIP spokeswoman. Wow! She's so anti-establishment! # b b c a q
Ya know, I bet they picked Kate Upton to star in the trailer for "Game of War: Age of Fire" because of her intelligible personality
ECG!! I just love you guys,totally awesome .. ..
I didn't in fact jinx it...just knew this was going to smooth. I'll deal with it Monday. Yeah universe you're real damn funny
looking at my timeline.... Is there a Football game this weekend???  #Go Hawks
Is anyone else super pumped for Craig Biggio day? # as t r os ?
$mine lol bashers looking real fucking dumb, shocking! # ski # ton do #mostly ski
If you haven't already, go follow Plies on Instagram. Dude is a master of the English language. # but that grill t h o
Iowa hasn't won a wrestling title since 2010. Fire Brands #Fire Everyone #Twitter Logic  #Please Dont Hurt Me Tom
I just love when strange old dudes on the phone call me baby
Thats good to see the girl doing stuffs she never dif with me...
Earache and stabbing pain in my side just great
19 & 20 year olds articulating their high level of understanding about tax policy and their clarity about how Government works...
Guys, Halo Burger unfollowed me on Instagram, whatever shall I do???? # tragic # vegetarian problems
You know its true love when they don't ask to there boyfriend they ask 'to go out with you ' and its over bbm real true true love
You mean fire engines come out of Fire Stations --- what a concept.
Really looking forward to what's sure to be a fun drive to Chester!
Truck committee suicide in Toledo Ohio and its a 16 degrees, THIS IS AWESOME!
Doesn't get much more exciting than to watch a college team get on a bus "Live"...
So love that when I make plans to take niece on birthday shopping spree, others step in to dictate the where and when
I think Hospice- The Antlers is one of the better albums to come out in recent years. Yall dumb for not liking it
#Gautam Gulati Fever nd the way ali was sobbing...hahaha..No wonder y he is so famous
They can all line up and we can just give them the death they are looking for...
"WAIT, if DAMIEN HARRIS DECIDED ON HIS OFFICIAL TO BAMA THEN HE LIED WHEN HE SAID HE HADN'T MADE UP HIS MIND"
Pizza and Nutella crepe in the same day that is what you call a diet # winter
lmao what a shame, glee premieres tonight and i'll be out tonight such a shame
Making fun of people is so funny.
Guessing # Eagles and # Giants fans in New Jersey must really LOVE the fact that their governor is a big fan of the enemy.
Yeah, just go and kill terrorists, the same way they just go and kill people they have a problem with. # no solution
compliments are better than insults so say it in a sweet conviction. haha! v(^^) # nicely done
So glad Kelly's back, it's been a while since someone screamed in my face.
The support is overwhelming. Thanks guys
Is plagiarism wrong? Is it right? I wish professors would make that clear to us.
Oh ANOTHER Geordie shore "celeb" sorted her life out and lost some weight...... That's DEFINITELY worthy of being in the paper!
I would like a personal apology from all Christians about the westboro baptist church
Don't think anyone understands how READY I am for Evansville tomorrow #NOT
I always have the most time-efficient plans and then I never do them. # so productive # slack era the art
I'm about to bust up in the HOA office like "it's me agaaaaaain"
Does anyone know if the fountains at Belmont are frozen? I haven't seen enough pictures to know for sure.
I like it how # People let # Money go to there heads! #Makes Me Sick
Mainstream media can’t help but stress on « KOSHER » shop. No idea why tensions against Muslims are rising… # Paris
Well, Obviously Obama didn't get the check book out fast enough to get these terrorists freed from evil France!
Many innocent people have lost their lives in the last few days but guys...islamaphobia is a far greater issue
No Jeremy Renner in Bourne 5. That's too bad.
When u react suddenly bcuz u hear the ring tone from work..but then realize u awoke from a dream..not a way to be woken up # jokes
It's tragic when someone tweets, "You are beautiful!" and forgets the  hashtag.
My favorite part of school is when ghetto kids play music off their phones out loud in the hallways
wow i hadnt realized how fun off periods are
Oh goodie. More snow is on the way. # winter 2015
Yeah, Todd Bertuzzi is the answer to the # S e n s problems.
Wow, cold weather and snow in January?! Who would have ever guessed. # s t ah p complain in g
I can finally # follow back again! # Thanks # t wit t e r # glib
Your vines are funny don't worry # not cool
Trying to go to the gym but the car isn't here, thanks eric # shocker
Thank you for renaming my ethernet device enp0s3 -- that's exactly what I thought it should be too.
# word press : I’m particularly loving the little dance where every time you tweak a custom post type, you have to refresh permalink.
NYC banned electronics pick up as trash. Now there are broken electronics piling up on the sidewalks in my neighborhood. EXCELLENT
O how fun! Minecraft just went ahead and deleted my server list for some reason. Now I have to re-find the IP's and re-add them. :)
First session done. Oh how I love learning about Cisco products.
So that exam is going to go well # no its not
So proud of my high school alma mater getting involved in a sexting scandal.
He's driving this country into the ground with his socialism. We are a socialist country now, aren't we? (2/2)
Snooping around Colaiste Choilm for my 6th year music folder before bating to McDonald's with my fantastic siblings.
#BAHRAIN Forces should step in & solve the hostage taking in # Paris ! They seem to arrest 'terrorist' even B4 they commit crimes! !
I'm so happy I'm going to Paris in two weeks.
I love hunting for a PC. #P C Hunting
Ah so glad on my day off a water pipe could bust and give me something to do...yay.  #F U Winter
Great start to the morning. Awesome. Fantastic.
Just had the best idea (nobody has ever thought of it)...when it is cold take a screen shot of your fave weather app & tweet it!
Also if I'm comfortable enough to joke with you, don't take it offensive... just fire one right back at me and thats it!!!
Nick Cannon says the Clippers now run LA. Now if that isn't proof enough, I don't know what is! # lake r 4 life
# j e s u i s j u if not trending, how shocking. # Da mm art in # Da mm art in EnGoele # hypocrisy # k r i s t a l l n a c h t 2015
Been up since 3 or should I say I havent slept at all……this day is gonna drag ass and I have to work tomorrow yay
Like I'm not at all worried about slipping and re tearing my ACL
Ahhhh what a perfect way to start my Friday.
Hai. Jom lah follow Instagram saya. :) "Eh, wait. I dont have Instagram"
Haha! Hahaha! Pipe burst. Hotel flooded. I'm having a wonderful day!  kill me now plz
And that's what sarcastic people use for their weapons.. The words that deceiving— meant to be incoherent. (to dumb bitch)  w
The best part of my open concept office is my co-worker narrating my day. It’s like I’m in a TV show! # get me out of here
With the second straight winter of record-breaking cold, how much more proof of # global warming do you # c l i m a t e d e n i e r s need? #AGW
New years... And still dont give a fuck..
Three days in the majority and the #New American Congress has already created 252,000 new # jobs ! Bravo gentlemen!
Makes me wonder why people move to # A n d a l u c i a when we get such lovely mild winters here in Scotland? #Pishing Rain
Yes, it was surprising that Jews weren't involved so far. # Paris #Charlie Hebdo
Lake effect snow. Such a lovely phenomenon.
Guess they have to plow the River first. # in case you re dumb
The Charlie Hebdo people brought it upon themselves by being racist. I wonder what the Jewish people in the grocery shop did.
Thanks snow plow drivers for clearing the roads! It's so nice you actually do your job
I sure am glad that the state of Indiana joined the suit that's going to try to take away health insurance from 10 million people.
Yesss! Biology with fave teacher next
Hey State College and University Park! Thanks for clearing the roads.
Love a bit of clickbait in the afternoon
Never fear though! We've got Matt Derbyshire and Jordan Bowery so we'll be ok!! # not # sign a strike r quick
My mom cares for me soo much she held the bus just for me to make the bus and ho to school on time thanks.
So apparently the two biggest locations of my followers are London and Brussels. That's a surprise.
Almost tagged that with  and hopefully, I won’t regret not doing so…
After a couple of wonderful, peaceful, relaxing days I'm back to watching my bro being annihilated on COD.  purest form of humour
So looking forward to driving to work today! Oh boy! With all the drifting snow and white out conditions! Whee!!
Orientation today. I can't think of anything more exciting.
Don't u just love it when your on a bus & someone has an # argument on their # phone !
Perth lost. There is definitely no reason for me to be happy is there?  good on cairns beating Perth. Thankgod
adult diaper for traffic enforcer??? very brilliant idea Mr. Chairman  #MMDA
I just love when people come to work and talk to my ass cause they surely don't pay attention to my face when they talk to me
My level of ’s gotten to a point where I don’t even know if I’m kidding or not.
why thank you bestfriend for being there when I need you. you're seriously the best. # low
Gosh I feel so sexy right now. # flu
Hello brain. Why yes now would be an excellent time to wake up and ponder # re nos life business # shut up brain # should be sleeping
you know it's going to be a great day when it hurts to walk
I completely forgot about Mesut Ozil, that proves how good he's been since moving to Arsenal #AFC
When you wake up knowing you'll get a new tattoo that day it's a little like beginning a new forever and shit # just girl y things
Going to my favorite airport tonight. # he a throw # inside story # lunch with the queen # a us tin powers # big be n # postcards to come # l o v e c had
I'm cold, tiered, and annoyed. Today should be fun!
Currently sitting in a bus while singing ; the wheels on the bus go round & round ... All through the town # please be over with
I propose a #Charlie Hebdo for UK. Currently that kind of  will get you arrested for terrorism activities here.
So I've woken up in a great mood!! # p is sed
Oh look, we've had a mm. # giving up
Sometimes these high mp cameras in high-end phones can bring you unwanted trouble  :P
To do list - item #19 Smack yourself ten times in public while yelling "STOP IT! OUCH! THAT HURTS!!" #The Robert Kara #To Do List
#Arnab Goswami is inversely proportional to #Manmohan Singh # times now # news laundry
surrounded by a bunch of french thugs WOOOHOOOO
So the WA state govt had a chance to put in for Asian Cup games but chose not to Great work, no really, job well done! # stupid
Thankfully this flu shot should lessen my days and symptoms. # miserable
Let's work with idiots day! Joy!
The #AHCA has benefited the #USA as # B r ill i ant l y as #NAFTA and #Fanny Mae And Freddy Mac did
U think they give a shit bout # religion & if U can't take & # pun in the way it's meant to be, U r # h y per sensitive #Charlie Hebdo
Dapper Laughs is back..... that's just what we need. Superb. Amazing. Great.
Umesh yadav take a bow !! Top class short pitch bowling !!  #A U Sv I N D
pipes are frozen isn't the cold weather just great.
I completely LOVE how I ask how my friends are doing, and they'd rather tweet someone else # pet p e eve
SOOOOOOOOO glad I can count on you when I need you!!!!
My neighbour is a hero, been playin music for me to sleep to using his own stereo since 2am & he's still going. I love trance too.
Hmm. 18 minutes in and I'm hooked. Good. Needed more tv to watch.
"Don't worry, they ordered pizza to watch you pretend to care. You don't need to move any faster than you are" # work problems
Ignoring someone after being a complete jerk is always a way to make things better.
Freezing drizzle in # Denver & # Aurora . The morning commute will be fun...yay.
Well last night's wind in no way affected my sleep. # S hat t e red #Windy Oot
Nothing like being by yourself right before your 5 year anniversary # awesome
Yup, and the luck just keeps getting better and better.
There are just too many winners on Tinder... too many winners...
Damn I'm so cool. Watching friends, with my MacBook, in my apartment.
It's not news worthy when white men do it. #N A A C P Bombing  #White Privilege
Heard I have a quiz tomorrow in 1st , so ready to fail the quiz
Can't wait to get up in six hours after this great night of fucking sleep # great
Uh oh Twitter people are looking at my cat pictures.
Experimenting with using  on more of my tweets so people don't take me literally. Take me with a mountain of salt.
My campaign to be the next Doctor Who isn't going well. Shoulda known better than to send Cosby to London to lobby Steven Moffat.
Because our public school system is doing so great we should make our innovative colleges just like them.  #Free Community College
You never treat a good woman wrong. # mother raised me right .is.diff. Lol
I don't know why SErs or KCrs try to trend anything don't they know only DE fans are allowed to trend in this fandom.
Thank you for dropping out mid wordpress install, internet.
white lies?!hell!whatever the color still it's lying!!!
Highlight of my week, not attending the MUNSA dance/party....
Did # Oilers play the # Coyotes tonight?
I just looooove this weather. # making my asthma kick in # c a n i g o t o t u r k s a n s c a i c os ?
Gosh I just love when my phone starts spazzing out on me
CDC chairman Bowornsak:"It is about writing a charter that forces people to reconcile." - using force? sounds like a good strategy!
the fact that this test in accounting is worth over 285 points >>>
Thank you random stranger who almost t-boned me tonight, it was really the highlight on my day. # pay attention
Watching Frozen because I haven't seen it enough.
I like you, What the hell?
Oh Yay! More judgmental looks from people I don't even know!! Lol #Dont Judge Me # S m d
Saying #Charlie Hebdo has something to do w/ Islam is nuts. Mormons & Buddhists kill people over cartoons just as often # satire
Oh sweet! Pictures of a shirtless Justin Bieber. Thanks Yahoo News! I mean it's like there is anything else newsworthy these days.
For clarification purposes: My REAL name is Victoria. My NICKNAME is Tori. Sorry for the confusion...
Glad to see they can turn things around in just 2 days. # turtle brag
Just like the old times ;)
awesome my knees swollen , I just love it sooo much
Had my last supper with mom tonight. Poor mom, she is heading back to Mesa tomorrow.
20 goals in the last 3 games...'bout time for Hitch to change up the lines!  #LGB
Corey Crawford playing out of his mind with 42 saves but, OMG HE SUX HE CAN'T HACK IT... Right? # Black hawks # c r awesome
I'm glad I'll have a phone for looking for jobs
Nothin says Big 10 basketball like Rutgers at Nebraska!
Nothing like spending my evening setting up a "new" laptop.
so is there like a 2 hr delay or something back in AL
The only thing that would make this UCLA/Stanford game better is if Doris Burke commentated with Bill Walton! # mute button
Schools all across Lansing area are closing tomorrow. Let's show how tough we are and go to school tomorrow Corunna!! # c or un n a tough
I don't have enough energy to pretend to like you today #Real Thoughts  #Im Not Fake #Bitch Please
I can't believe Isaiah Briscoe doesn't want to play for Rutgers next year.
i knew wed be friends forever the moment i realized you have no filter for your bitchy sarcastic thoughts! # best friends # tag a friend
I just love the fact that my family isolates me and no one answers my texts or snapchats. It's great having no one to talk to.
Obama wants to make community college free for people if they work for it. God he's such a horrid president.
This is amazing! I'm so glad I stopped what I was doing and changed my plans!
Reaching out to McBride to get advice on how to handle the Blackshirt tradition. Wow! What a novel idea! How does 1 think of this?
It pisses me off when people say "Why don't you replace your hardware?" You know, I'm loaded, but I LIKE having a slow computer.
Didnt get the memo.....needed an update birth certificate to get a passport....didnt know they expired # g o v t rules # dumb shit
I fucking love going to the hospital.
Officially accepted the fact that I have bad luck with dudes...so far my new year is fabulous! # forever single # d a t i n g s u c k s
I'm sure depression is such a fun thing to play with.
I love when my husband has to wait an hour for a kid's parents to show up # really # ridiculous
So happy to see Legwand still on the first power play unit. # not a great start
Hot flashes are fun. No. Really. I love boiling alive and sweating through fresh clean clothes in a cold room.
S/O to the ghost that lives in my house for giving me a mini heart attack. It was much appreciated
Yay...the joy of a leaky bathroom sink.
I love not talking to you
Just turned on the game and saw Shane Doan was still a Coyote? Whoa. I thought that was a done deal.
I already have work for two classes. # ya y
Oh perfect, I can do "Rich Girl" by Gwen Stefani for my standard.
Maybe if everyone keeps tweeting about no school tomorrow it will happen.
First student loan payment due tomorrow. Wahoo so excited!!!
There's a lot of things I care about, your opinion is not one of them # i don t care
Ugh! Work 1 to 10 tomorrow! So excited!  #Hate Working #Working Isnt For Me #Working Sucks #Dont Get Paid Enough
Wait, THAT is what "plain" Jennifer Aniston looks like? Bless her heart making such sacrifices for her art.
Hey you know what helps? Talking about it.
Omg so excited for school tomorrow.
This weather is too nasty to travel in, so I'm stuck in Nappanee tonight. #Yay Snow! <---
Did Niemi have any saves that period?  #S J Sharks
"Kid if you don't settle down I'm not gonna let you brush your teeth" #Parenting Done Right
Um... So kudos to my parents' neighbor for becoming a sex offender.
Oh look it's another guitar playing #Idol Auditions oh goody gum drops # idol premiere
Spent most of the day reading abt #Hebrew Poetry and debates over # p a r a l l e l i s m . Doesn't get much more exciting than that. # Seminary
Nice to see such a big turnout in Raleigh tonight for the game. Further proves that the NHL belongs in Carolina.  #What A Joke
What's better than airline delays? I mean seriously, I can't fathom having this level of reliability elsewhere in my life.
It's amazing that this game is only 2-0. Great SOG differential.  #N J Devils
Thank you for answering my text I'm glad we talked.
Watching The Taste for the first time. Thank you, Chef Ludo for the # fake drama kicking the trash bin and walking off set.
I love when people get mad at you for ridiculous reasons # i actually hate it
Well my new year it starting off so wonderful so freaking wonderful # when it rains it pours
Not sure if I was running in the Sahara or the gym today. Hot.Dry.Death. # marathon training in the winter is a delight! # go away cold
Got practice at 6 tomorrow..... # Y a y
Just one of those days when everyone's snap chat story is the sunset... # ya y ?
You know you've picked a great stock when it dives on an up market day......
Wow. Good thing Chiarelli dumped Matt Fraser to keep Caron on this team. # dripping # B ruins
Cold, headache and ruined plans... The weekend is looking wonderful! # trying to stay positive
The best part of the shower here is that I get to look at myself in the mirror # ha wt
"I have a nose ring, lip piercings, plugs" haha ARENT YOU COOL?! # nobody cares
Never been so far into an overdraft in my life. Awk well. # y ol o
Why yes I do enjoy coming home alone to a dark empty apartment every night # get used to it #Positive Thinking
I'm seriously considering having a third child just so I can get all of these awesome free meals again. # awesome # meals # no way
Why so chea p ? Why not "free" college tuition for life? Throw in a sti p end too. #Free Community College # t c o t # tea p arty # p 2
Haha the maturity of some people is amazing.
Can't wait to make this drive home :(
minor earthquakes in north Texas? fracking is totally a good idea.
This is a great kick off to 2015... # i am glad i got my phone
Well, that was a rather lovely walk. (  fully intended)
Ugh. now there's a chance that the #2024 Olympics will be in boston. Blerg. Not sure you can tell how annoyed I am.  #No Boston2024
Great PASS meeting tonight in Columbus with a focus on recruiters. Apparently, I am in high demand. Who knew?
Dad coming in from outside: 'looks like it's gonna get cold again' ...guess I wasn't aware it had gotten warm.. # its cold a f
Slipped on ice while feeding the goat and almost broke my wrist, that's what I call a good Thursday
Leaving the hospital the car breaks down could this day get any better?
Fun commute home. Stress free and speedy.
Has there ever been a GUN TRAGEDY the #NRA condemned..or accepted some of the responsibility?!  #End N R A #Repeal2 A #Unite Blue
Freezing rain is my favorite kind of rain! # at x weather
in case you didn’t pick up on that.
WOW. I feel so educated; we "learned" numbers from zero to ten! # germ an class Mein Name ist Areyouserious. Ich heiße Dafuqisthis.
just what I wanted to see
oh hey. # Red skins just sent a text about a new general manager. Shocked and amazed. I had no idea this was happening!
Not going to the blues game tonight
Get me decent tie dye maybe I'll go play ma kick ass trumpet for y'all.
People just don't understand 5 is the safest number. Isn't that obvious?  #OCD
Thanks for the pic of the bloody offices in the Paris terrorist attack, CNN. I really wanted to see those.
Why aren't more Christians apologizing for the vile NAACP bombing? That must mean they uniformily approve, right?  #Muslim Apologies
A "Bachelorette" relationship that didn't last?! This can't be!! Let's have another season to see if a couple will find true love!!
So Glad You Haven't Talked To Me All Day! .
So if Silva beats Nick Diaz he gets a title shot? Oh okay that’s cool
Closing # G i t m o & opening borders. Seems like a good security strategy.
It looks only a little bit like a blizzard outside.
Really looking forward to my 12 hour day tomorrow.
The best thing is going away for 4 months and living in your own and coming home and always being told what to do
Just been told off by middle management for selling too much stuff. Apparently they have to work more. # middle management # work # ya y
Gosh the TV tonight is erudite. #Sex Party Secrets # to of at to leave the house
what a great way to start my year...
Someone turned the breakroom tv onto the Lifetime movie network and turned up the volume. The acting is impeccable.
Real shocker that the game show contestants on the # bachelor et t e broke up. Didn't see that coming. # why do i know this stuff
BREAKING NEWS Vince Cable and Davi Davis are on # b b c q t I'm not sure this has EVER happened before
Laid in bed reciting the Vision, Focus Five and Company Strategy ready for seeing my Divisional Manager tomorrow.. Yay!
Can't think of anything funner than waiting for a render to finish.... # in die film # film making # editing
Morgan games Is comfirmed to Be money whore
ah yes it's sjw bullshit to not want abuse to be romanticized...... amazing...... free speech is a thing so it's okay to be harmful
And I forgot my phone and didn't bring it to school. Hardest day of my life
If Andi and Josh can't make it we no longer believe in love. # the bachelor et t e #Bachelor Nation
Oh so you bought it just because it has MK on it? That's was real smart.
'Knocked up' is on ITV for a change I see
Had salad for 3 days in a row, obviously I didn't eat a load of chocolate as well... Pft... Obviously not
Staring at the parking lot that is the freeway from my window. This drive home is going to be awesome. # winter # Minnesota
I’m glad it’s colder today. it makes me grateful that it was so much warmer yesterday # new year new attitude
Watching crime show morgue scenes: because an actual coroner would cover a female victim's breasts # e v e r y d a y s e x i s m # free the nip p le
Yes government, let's ban all the hoodies. # i d i o t s
Is it cold out? Maybe someone can post and let me know # polar vortex # its chic ago #Its So Cold
It's tough living with this warm # v e gas # weather . 66 degrees in January I've been shoveling this sunshine off my car all morning.
# Bo eh ne r to # O b am a : We truly want to work together with you in the new Congress...just don't expect any cooperation from us!!!
I received offer from hollywood movie but i rejected it because they wanted me to wear full clothes instead of ankle short shalwars
My biggest failure in life is that I cannot communicate with people who completely lack common sense # I n i t i a t i v e #Open Your Eyes
"do you know we're supposed to get extreme winter weather?" "WHAT we had no idea!!" #Michigan Problems # office thoughts
If I had common sense I'd cut myself or curl up and die
This is just perfect, exactly what I needed rn.
Nothing more manly than seeing a bloke drinking WKD or strawberry bulmers
So Franzen is hurt again. Color me shocked!  #Red Wings
What style of # w r iting wo r ks best fo r you r #Inbound Ma r keting? # facts ? madeup facts ? # funny ? ? # r and o m ? # m is cell a ne o us ? othe r ?
Awesome having so many sick kids in class. Hope I catch what they have!
Only teaching 16.5 hours this semester and no new course preps, what will I do with all of this free time.  #Professor Problems
4 hrs sleep, today's going to fucken awesome!
**said the American Petroleum Institute CEO who obviously doesn't have any bias on the subject**
I haven't even been here 15 minutes and I already got to pump 2 people gas for them! #I Love The Cold
Trying to live right: good food, lots of water, training hard, plenty of sleep. So I LOVE that the bar is below my room. LOVE IT.
Oh this semester is already going to be great I can tell
Another FROYO place is going out of business. I’m so shocked.
When people tell you that they're there for you but then leave you hanging while staying online... Best feeling ever
...and these fuckers like CYA just know EVERYTHING
Obama is a compromising President, he's only threatened to veto 3 bills in the two days Republicans have been in control.
I love it when social share buttons default to a link and description that is inherently too long to be shared on Twitter.
Will 0bama use the Paris terrorist attack as an excuse to give more money to Nasa for their muslim outreach program? # t c o t
So the FBI found no evidence that the NFL saw the video.. Image that, the one's in the wrong lied... How could that ever happen?!
Watching # the amazing spider man 2 :D ooooh noooooo electro is an emo fag. Run awayyyyyy ( btw)
Oh shucks with the Pancel trade we now only have 6 2nd round picks in the next two years.... We definitely need more. # P etes
I can't help but think that Cameron's claim he'll only take part in TV debates if Greens do is not entirely for the right reasons
Marshawn Lynch loses his appeal, must pay 100K for not talking to the media.Good to see NFL punishing the players for legit reasons
Oh my god I dropped a calculator I wish we could all be like you and never make mistakes
I am completely shocked that Mueller Report did not find any NFL wrongdoing.
I'm only communicating via social media and instant messaging. It's a good time to be sick, since everyone is mad at me anyway!
My day has just gotten better and better!
Thanks to everyone who put the temperature in their snapchat story this morning. I had no idea it was supposed to be that cold
gotta love when you finally get on track and finish all your work and as soon as you take a breath youre back where you started
Just found out Kate Middleton is carrying out 2 engagements in January. Hope she will be ok with so much work!!
The Knicks are on national tv again. GREAT!!!
work is going to be fun af today.
so the report comissioned by and paid for by the NFL found the NFL didn't do anything wrong? Color me shocked.
I love it when I'm talking and everyone ignores me, man that's my favorite thing ever!
Oh look, xenophobia in central Pennsylvania. What a surprise!
Gonna have a bath and use my lush bathbomb, omg it's like amazing
Love getting a call from work while im on vacation # ya y deadlines
Watching Zoey 101. There's a Placebo poster in their dorm. Thats why Zoey got pregnant, bands like Placebo are the devil's music
"Terms to know" for this webinar Are .... Bank.. Customer.. Client.. FinCEN ... And the FEDs.. # no way
This draft coming through my window is pretty clutch
Poor old Ched Evans, all he's done is ruin some girl's life
You see what happens when you let gays get married? It snows in Florida. #F Lmarriage  #seriouslythereareflurriesinjax
Vacuuming the carpet by hand using the small extension parts because the mothership broke down.... hella fun.
Why does her boyfriend always get through to me I was planning to not talk to her for the rest of lyfe # d a f u q
My dad gave me a cigarette for my birthday. He's the greatest
Nowadays, everything is connected... Even your mom. #CES
YAY! It has warmed up to 16° !
Well because of it being so cold my nose has been bleeding so that's great....
Thanks Rowan for telling me ahead of time that you were gonna mess with my water # W t f
Browns need to hire Tressel as OC. Punting is already a huge part of our game. He knows punting.
Some # e p l fans be happy #Yaya Toure is off for #Af C O N but I'm sad.
Holder headed to Paris. Muslim attackers need protection. They have 'rights' after all.
That was a fun 4 hour lab to start off the semester!
Rodgers still isn't practicing? Not worried at all not  #D A Lvs G B
IT's really cool when your friends have selective retention...
thanx twitter for not allowing me to copy text from a tweet
Really looking forward to getting my wisdom teeth taken out tomorrow!
Guys. Guys. I have an idea guys. Let's put bacon in everything. # please stop Vegetarian options are already too limited.
Looks like it's a hang out in your room until you go to work kind of day. # ya y
"Hello :) Decent look" - thanks, random person in my "Other" messages inbox on Facebook.  #whowantsmessagesfromother
The first power point presentations of 2015. What an excitement!
Helluva scoop by Football Scoop on the Andre Powell hiring. Great sources.
My salary account suffers from a serious premature ejaculation. #Life Itself # doctors
Nothing like going from 5 degrees to 30 degrees.  #needtogoto Mexico
"Muslims don't believe in concept of freedom of expression" -Anjem Choudary...Damn! Guess I should quit my day job. # face palm
Markets always act rationally, which is why multiple 500+ point swings on the Dow happen in the same week.
Waiting at the doctors office. I mean don't you do that for fun? # joy # coughing
I love waking up without a voice
So is it cold or something? I can't decide?
There are two types of guests jo serve kro 1. Hum ye nahi khate wo nahi khate 2. They like it eat it & appreciate it #Types Of Guests
Foam rolling when your legs are super sore is one of my favorite things... # winning # stronger
The wind chills, blizzards, and winter storms are not adding to my excitement for France at all #45 degrees
Pumping gas when it's 3 degrees #Top Ten Reasonsto Live In Ohio
It's up to thirteen degrees already? Having a heatwaaaaaaaaave, a tropical heatwaaaaaaave…
Can't wait til aspas gets back from loan #LFC # r o d g e r s rejects
Wow I feel like shit this is great
In France, if you make fun of Islam, it is considered freedom of speech.. If you make fun of Jews, you're imprisoned. Makes sense!
Barbara Boxer is retiring. I wonder if Carly Fiorina & Meg Whitman will both run for Senate in 2016? $HPQ CEO smackdown! # or is it
Brady Hoke is analyzing on SC... #Time To Watch Something Else #He Knows So Much Though..
Nowadays god is in trouble. But some 'good' people and some human gods are there to save and fight for him. # save god #Charlie Hebdo
Great way to start 2015....  #Je Suis Charlie
IK got 40+ min on #GEO and then they say that #GEO is biased towards him
I'm glad we had school, I love my education!  #onlyschoolin S D
I just love when the temperature before wind chill is 0 degrees Fahrenheit. # weather # u g h
"you look tired, are you???" "no, im just ugly"
Does anyone not know how old it is outside?
Just learned the hard way that clearing the iPhone browser history also closes all my open tabs. Great--thanks, Apple.
I see now. I'm a iSignLevel 1, set me to a level 3 and then decrement me to a 2. Clever, very clever. # golf clap
The only thing that can stop scientific progress are the cold hard facts that are opinions.
Driving through winter weather advisory back to Purdue today. # cant wait
U.S. gun policy is superior because something like #Charlie Hebdo hasn't happened in almost a year
I'm working on becoming fluent in a couple different languages right now. How's my grasp of ?
Also this privilege is available only for Americans, Australians, Canadians, New Zealanders and Japanese. # Good immigrant # ya y !
Man, this Jimmy Haslam runs some stable businesses. # B r owns #Pilot Flying J
Shockingly ( ), the #UEA supports > 7% increase to the #WPU, and doesn't like program-specific funding # u t e d # u t leg # u t p ol
It's super warm outside I luv it.
The Dow is now up more than 300. The Fed should release minutes from December's meeting more often.
Taking 2 dogs to the vet wasn't a gong show at all.....
Not sure why # B r owns OC wanted to leave...Competent C student QB and the Circucus Side Show - what more could you ask for?
Aftermath #Paris Shooting : Now I will look at, read (aftr translating) cartoons published so far n appreciate #NOFEAR just # respect
Kyle Shanahan and Browns parting ways? What a shame. Their offense was AMAZING down the stretch.
I had no idea it was cold outside
When people start a sentence "Remember last year..." Of course I do! It was only 8 days ago!! :P # i man no y in g
Thank god Bill Simmons the voice of Boston is sounding off about the Olympics here.
If e gather tanan na solicit moabot na tingalig million. Wow! Job well done. # best school
oh wait no actually, you insult other fans who disagree with you. after you're done benefitinf from being their friends ofc ^^
is better than words in the state of # Anger
I have a massive headache yaaas how great
I Find It Soooooo Cute When Someone Makes A New Twitter Just To Lurk On Yours.
I really hope someone tweets a picture of their dashboard so I can see how cold it is today
I love reading a book with library binding that then refers to the cover image. # what cover image # p h d problems
I see the Internet is still ruining lives. Good job, everybody. Keep up the good work!
# Paris terror suspects were spotted near village of Saucisson not too far away for the bustling market town of Fromage de Chevre.
And then appreciate the  in the paper pencil work ... #Paris Shooting
I don't know about you, but it's like tanning weather outside!
The Snapchat temperature feature is great because my friends can all easily show me how much they dislike the cold # S u b t we et
Good thing those Fundamentalists in France had assaultweapons to defend themselves against thosewho attack their religion # gun logic
When I was growing up, I wanted to kill people like Lee Hughes because he was a footballer
Pacey and Joey were not good couple because poor them they have no awards no trends
And the dentist calls for two more weeks of whitening.... Yay!
I weather that feels like -26 degrees out
Not quite sure if it's cold outside. Perhaps I'll scroll thru my timeline and one or two people will let me know
Morning, Twitterverse, from Northern Virginia--which once again proved itself best in the country at snow removal.
() "Study english first for extra tbh"
"You wore that before" 'Yea because its my shirt and i have a washing machine
Ooh...the temperature's getting balmy. It's gone up to -23 # weather # cold
Controversial decision going Boston's way? Can't be... that'd never happen...  #NHL
If you are sweet then show me pleazzzz # naughty
Yes, lets all post cartoons of turbaned people. That won't incite attacks against Sikhs or anyone else coded as Muslim, right?
first week of school and my teachers already give me tons of homework; what a great life
At least it's not cold outside today
I love waiting an hour to see a Dr for a follow up that takes 5 min. Obviously my time means absolutely nothing and they know that
It's cold outside. Current temp 14°, feels like 9°. But it's not that bad.
Can anyone remember how it feels like to own a 2nd round pick? # Chiefs
I'm still trying to figure out how the building is still standing..... If there was an #N A A C Pbombing
It has really warmed up between 6am and 8am....
Chicago weather currently: -6° feels like -24° # good # love it
She sure is making a lot of friends  #Bye Felicia
Doing today on 45 minutes of sleep. This should be fun.
So apparently, a "night owl" is someone who stays out late partying in the clubs all night. I will go fix my Twitter bio right now.
The best part about being a dog owner is having to take her out in -75 degree weather! # i ma pop sic le
It's 14 degrees outside. This is somehow George Bush's fault. # t c o t
I don't know why they're so worried in France! It's all just because of the Bush family and oil and of course the Jews.
Heat's working, but it still feels cold...which means it's even worse outside. Gonna have a fun trip to work today! # p u r e m i c h i g an
A Renault Clio shouldn't be too hard to find in France should it?
Double whammy for this fine Thursday morning. What a fabulous day.
Oh my, Shaqiri spurn the #Best League In The World for old folk’s home #Serie A.
Can someone post on social media the temperature outside n let me know if it's cold? That would be helpful and interesting.  #We Know
Matt Knight injured? Didn't see that coming. # n b l 15
Guidance calls are so much fun
OMG ARY is at place where IK met RK so exciting I have been waiting for this moment my whole life
And the cat took a huge dump in my room. Perfect, i love the smell of cat dung!
Lights out, how else can you start the day with joy
11 minutes till class.... Soooo excited
Today is off to a fantastic start....
Frozen pipes. Thanks wind for blowing open our foundation door. # winters t inks
Ahhh, it's a refreshing 60 degrees in the house.
When are we going to hang #Ched Evans?
$TSLA There should be no competition for $TSLA in the US with European EVs with USD/EUR at 1.17
$TSLA It should be much easier for $TSLA to sell cars abroad with USD/EUR at 1.17
Waking up to a beautiful -2 degrees and still having school # new en g l and # newt on schools # thanks a lot
Because only CNN can turn a terrorist attack in France, into a story focused on US safety.... #Unreal Reporting #Too Good
Nothing says fun like taking care of a 7 month old when you have the stomach flu. # help # send a baby sitter
Isn't everyone just loving this single digit weather? The 10 mile/hour winds make it so much more perfect. # Too # Cold #Need Warmth
Aww bruh it's so hot outside
1 word to describe the gift "disgusting"
I can't wait to see everyones car thermostats or weather app screenshots.
Love having the ambulance out at 1 in the morning.
I love it when I find out my class is cancelled after I've already gotten to the gym
Twitter is a big old bundle of joy today!
But you know, go on circulating cartoons mocking African Muslim rape victims.
# live t we et my sleep involuntary twitch has spread to left nostril as well as the eyelid. # edge of your seat # En t e r t a in men t # f e c e s
Of course you can use my pictures for free without credit. # photograph y
At course held by an American architect. In short, Americans are incredibly smart & discovered the wheel in construction codes.
No Freedom or education.Definitely no satire or laughter. We are leading to the world GOD wanted for us. (oh shoot! !) #Charlie Hebdo
The increased interest of the United Nations in humanitarian issues has been worrying me ...
Dan Hodges almost posted a cartoon of mohammed yesterday. What an islamophobic he is to even think of doing it # r a c ist # irony
Interview today, but feeling so sick :S bring it on # no to today
The condemnations of the bombings of mosques and kebab restaurants are cluttering my timeline
Thank you, mom, for support… # mad
ITV losing football TV rights. Oh no what a shame, no more Andy Townsend. # worst comment at or
My wife and I are both feminists. But as a man, I'm a tiny bit better at it. #don'thaveawife
For the record, last retweet was #Charlie Hebdo we will be wary but will NOT hide in fear! # terror ist # c o wards # m u s l i m e x t r e m i s m
I wish, people have already RTed prior to making requests/taunts for kinda any favour through private messages..
yay, what a great day. Everything is peachy.
It's 21 degrees right now. This AND earthquakes is really testing the toughness of DFW residents.
#Northern Rail great service again, cheaper for me to buy a ticket from Sheffield-Leeds than Barnsley-Leeds on the same service
I passed maths. Surprise surprise. It was so hard!
Watching El Cid, the story of an evil Western Imperialist who had the nerve to defend his home against peaceful Muslim settlers.
Am loving train delays of 45mins
Whoa # E b ol a existed before 2014? Apparently according to # Friends ... # s m h
Happy birthday Kim Jong-un. He is 32 years old now
Super stoked on sleeping in spider city tonight I have one fear in this world and it's spiders # fuck
Yes, thank you uterus. 3am is a wonderful time to do this.
I.dun.know how to respond or add in anything at all...omg losing touch
Oh, why don't you call your daddy to built you a castle here and we all can have tea parties all day long?
There's nothing I like more than waking up to not having Internet.
Just read that Iggy is racist... How's she racist? Damn Asian bitch took her seat, and mexicans are fat, is all. #From L Ato Tokyo
I now have Twitter+ like sky+, just don't watch eastenders or CBB, yet know everything that's happened!!! # t v catchup # get a life
poor lil tay tay # i don t really care #hopeyouget4more Ls lol
The witty will have fun, but the STUPID won't get it.
My mom chooses to wear burqa & dad wears a skull cap and has a beard. Yet they allowed my sister to become CA. Shocking, insnt it?
Love seeing these two all lovey dovey with each other.
I totally love washing baby bottles!
English class is gonna be a blast
Great. A fly just killed herself in my coffee. That's the second best thing this morning after hearing Divergent won.
Morning all :) Such a good start to the day!
Play it with  for all what I care. But definitely not with cheap & dirty games! #Press Poll Asscharya
Back at work today.. Can't wait.. # where did the time go
I don't think I say it enough, but I'm in love with Emmett Forrest. (  'cause I say it every time I listen to Legally Blonde!!!)
was created to confuse the # stupid .
On my break, couldn't b any happier.
what a GREAT end to an already PERFECT day
Hi mom when I grow up I want to go to college and master in stripping so I can be a stripper # people these days
Holy crap Kobe dropped 4 points tonight on the Clippers!!!
dakotta just updated his facebook status. i would like to thank my iphone for notifying me of this......
Can't wait to be at work by 6am # fuck that noise
It's cool having your bedroom window next to the street because you can hear all the cars who are better than you pass by at night!
It's weird it gets so cold in January now.
Yaaay Tarik black is in the game... .. # L a k e r s . My squad has 63 pts..
I could literally eat every day and not get sick of it.
Ah yay cold weather, !! feet are cold!!
Lol I'm glad we're grown up
You're not American if you cant speak proper English. # j j watt saint god # oops mean is n t
Woo one of my tweets got 5 views this week, I'm sooo popular # don t care
Nice to know I still have insomnia. Would be so bummed if I had the ability to actually fall asleep at night
Backstagezoned! Oh well!! Am I goin' to expect an intrusion later?
Words can't explain how thrilled I am to have to wake up at 5am tomorrow! # a d u l t p r o b z #Freezing Cold # cant wait
Yes, vending machines are very fascinating!  #The Librarians #And The Fables Of Doom
Supposed to drop down to 4°F tonight. I should film a cold start video in the morning with my 1914 Model T. That Would Be fun.
You know! Because that would be completely crazy! Hahahahaaa
People sure can get unacceptably sassy when they want to get gas. :| Nothing quite as majestic as an older privileged white lady
There's an actual temp, and a windchill reading in my apartment. Old buildings are great, aren't they?  #my Mi N Yapt
It's only gonna feel like -2 when we wake up guys, that's not a big deal # cm on wake county
Taylor won all the awards she was nominated for tonight. I'm so suprised.  #Peoples Choice Awards
UNC then Louisville...thanks ACC for the favorable schedule to start the year. Swofford for president.
It’s that time of night when my neighbor’s dog barks like CRAZY and she does nothing about it. SO MUCH FUN.
And I'm so shocked that Big Bang - a CBS show won the last #PCA2015 on CBS...
“Every time I look at you I get a fierce desire to be lonesome .”~Oscar Levant # inside # dislike # desire # lonesome # better be alone
When does LaTulip get Cosby's minutes? ? # ill in i
It's really about #Free Speech in journalism.
love when Kyle texts back so fast
“A modest little person, with much to be modest about.”~Winston Churchill # inside # f a k e n e s s # modesty # society
It's the best feeling when you dig a big ol hole and jump in it, and then can't find a way out. # my life right now
“He has no enemies, but is intensely dis like d by his friends .”~Oscar Wilde # like #dis like # enemy # friends
“The trouble with her is that she lacks the power of conversation but not the power of speech.”~ George B. Shaw #negative_people
Enjoying the abundance of news coverage for the #N A A C P Bombing!  #All Lives Matter
So glad the Thunder kept Scott Brooks. Such a great leader and tremendous basketball mind. #NBA
Just in case no one knew it's snowing in SC  #Everyones Status
Wait.....it's cold in Nashville?! I'm surprised no one has tweeted/facebooked about it. #apparentlyitscoldinnashville #9 degrees
My daughter lost her math homework to a windows7 kernel error BSOD. The reboot took 15 minutes. This is exactly what my day needed.
Possibly have a blood clot in my right lung. This new year has been so awesome.
#Frost Quakes are back. Can't express how much I love the sound of loud booms as I try to go to sleep.  #Deep Freeze #I Hate Winter
Everytime a journalist wishes to write something controversial think twice ,of course there is freedom of expression! #Charlie Hebdo
When your power goes out and you won't have it back on till 1:45 # ya y me
I am just having get luck!
I haven't been this cold since I left NY... Tomorrow morning forecast 8 F, just lovely
Chiefs sign Terrelle Pryor...to play QB...SUPER BOWL 2015-2016! # Chiefs
Being ignored is the best feeling ever!  going to bed. Goodnight.
I need some more folks to screen shot the weather app. # please
Coventry High is a great school, they put education over safety; you can't be more dedicated than that
Her enthusiasm is killing me omg  #PCA2015
Wow. The # L e a f s are sooooo much better sans Randy Carlyle. #T M Ltalk
One day my mother will learn how to be punctual. # doubtful
at this rate we might make the playoffs...
lol drive thru was so much fun with 8 degree weather
I just LOVE listening to Gminsky doing commentary on Dook games.
Reading Dan Jones' THE PLANTAGENETS and wishing he'd write about a few more people named Matilda in the opening 30 pages.
I love watching shows in non-HD anymore. Everyone looks great with only half a face.
Awhh, look at how that turned out... So sad.
Yeah it's "a choice" alright # Empire
That coaching change sure did change things eh? # t ml talk # car l y le
Favorite Hip-Hop artist, I'm so into it #But N O
Hmm never would have guessed a player like Marchand would take a penalty like that
It's really awesome how you can ruin my night in 5 minutes.
A2 Well, it's Jan. 7, so I must be on page 101  #S B Lchat Obviously Ss drive pace + and that means being in many places at same time
So a bunch of people who were at Disneyland while I was there had the measles! Awesome! Thank you, strangers!!
Guys chill you know Carroll bouta be clutch and call it off in the morning like always
because every show that I've ever watched introduces every single character that will ever be on the show in the first episode.
Clearly books are meant to be read, not financed.
Classes will resume Monday. So excited you can't see it. # college
So excited that the new Senate Enviro. Committee chair believes global warming the greatest hoax ever perpetrated in America!  #WTF
Bernier has let in 4 goals on 19 shots, he is so uncoachable #T M Ltalk
And with a cold day tomorrow, there is no limit to the number of Power Rangers episodes Rocco and I can watch. #Thanks Netflix
I love when you do something on Itunes and it decides to randomly delete podcast subs
I could really get used to 26 degree weather.
Yeah that's right, believe what you read on the Internet. Because no other source is or could ever be as reliable!
Oh there's another guitar player & look he chose melancholy hit stay with me oh he even got through what a surprise # idol premiere
My favorite type of person is: A overtly loud, middle aged women who yells "let's get some more Cocktails" every 5 minutes # not
Thanks # Du by a for leaving us a world that’s veering dangerously towards your idiotic “us vs. them” logic! #Je Suis Charlie
Ahhhh the smell of movie theater popcorn when you walk in the door after work..... .
No really I love how every time I play a new game on playstation it has to update for 30 min.
Of boy, a power play. # B ruins # B ruins Fam
Great to see all games at the Calgary soccer Center stopped due to a power outage.
Shout out to my teacher for getting me sick on my dad's birthday and the last few days my sister is here .
Wait, so do we have school tomorrow?  #everybodyknowswedonthaveschool
Would anyone else in la like to post the same pic of the same sunset ... I'd love to see more on ig lol
Ah so this is rush hour. thats cute
Yay. American Idol is back on.
I once let off a firecracker...looked like the wall of the => #N A A C P Bombing I was pissed too  #Cool Out SMH
Looch proving everyone wrong with that catch on the faceoff and then the catch of the pass of the D...he looks good!
"Ahmed Merabet, Cop Killed In Paris Attacks, Was Muslim" Good job, you moronic fucking twats.  #Charlie Hebdo
Thank goodness we have a story about Muslim terrorism to distract us from a possible white act of domestic terrorism.
The cool thing about snow days is that they don't postpone finals
I love biased sports reporters in this town---
Confused as to how these gunmen in Paris killed people with ARs when ARs are banned there... #Dont Ban Guns # W a k e up
Wow. What a fun snow day. It turned out exactly like I wanted.
Didn't know there was a religion criteria for the position of 1MDB's CEO. # just in case you don t get it
Late arrival # Blessed .. We never get those things!!
Is LeBron not playing? I'd have never guessed. ESPN hasn't mentioned.  #Red Nation
I love living in Colton. There is an abundance of girls to talk to.
The real feel temp for tonight is -58. I lake placid. # stay cozy folks
Philips Arena looks hoppin.... the home court advantage is definitely not present for the # hawks tonight #GNG # G r i z z
It's great to see all of my friends back at the gym that only make it back for the first 2 months of the year! # go home
I like this. This is a good time. # over it
Arrived safely at my new apartment. And now for the fun part: Unpacking. Ha-ha.
All my books are the size of a iPad mini. I do not know if I have the strength to carry them around all spring.  this is great!
Thanks for making my day great! # i g n o r e t h e h a t e r s
ah yes customers are gREAT I forgot how much I missed them
# ye g traffic wha.....whoa u give me the finger wile going 40 below limit? How can u Liv with yorself being so heartless? That hurt!!
I wonder how is the actual situation in de Delta Quadrant... Here it's sun and shine right now!
LRT: FINALLY!! After all this time I've spent trying to get the perfect butt selfie I can now buy a stick to help me
I love living in NE is because we have 4 seasons, really like when I can be inside& still lose the feeling in my toes  #Winter Sucks
More information means more sadness. thanks to technology the generation before me will be successful # sorry to the young fellas
2nd ? to Rollins in his 1st presser as #L A Dodger is if he likes the weather. Great journalism.  No wonder no 1 takes u serious
Almost missed the start of the 1st game post Carlyle. I expect the # L e a f s will now win every game.
This girl talking in detail about her food poisoning symptoms IN DETAIL is so so considerate.
Holy Crap! You mean Winston is heading to the NFL? No one saw that coming #Shocked Face
My co-workers are so competent and great workers... I never have to spend my days correcting their mistakes... <<<  #REALLY? #WTF
Know. Your. Audience. Always delights me when a new follower hits my dm box to ask 'if I'm open to earning an income online' # fail
I love how everyone around me is so supportive of my career
Would of never off known if we had a delay tmrw # shut up now
Hmm Texas and Oklahoma have been having more earthquakes. Let's thank the oil and gas companies for this. #No More Fracking
I love watching sex scenes with my parents
Is making my comeback to T wit ter # t w e e t t a s t i c #tweet-too # rendezvous # wit # h a s h t a s t i c
Because I've always wanted to have a blood clot.
As british born gujerati sunni bharuchi Lancastrian non scarf wearing observant married Muslim mother of one son who speaks for me?
Anyone know if Doan was asked by Burns/Gambo this afternoon if he requested trade & had a verbal altercation with GMDM? # Coyotes
Just want to congratulate the Cowboys on getting the win by a bogus ref call. They sure did earn it.  #Detroit Vs Everybody
Has there ever been a tragedy the #NRA condemned...or accepted some of the responsibility?!  #End N R A #Repeal2 A #Unite Blue
SMSD is trending on Twitter because students had to go school in single digit temps? What a surprise!
I agree with Ron Paul. Magazines should never invade other countries # head desk
Massive headache. Feels great. I might cry tears of joy.
That makes me feel so special. Thanks!
So is #Celebrity Big Brother on tv? I had no idea.
I should use Twitter again. Since my life is so much more interesting now.  #Just Bored XD
#Charlie Hebdo shooters will inspire the wrath of cartoonists worldwide. Irresponsible & unnecessary of them! #Je Suis Charlie
Wind chills cold enough to need a Wind Chill Warning expected until around 12:00? Why not start at 9, it sounds like a great idea.
Oh please let there be more super hero movies. We need one every month. No, week! Lets ONLY have super hero movies from now on.
Alex is so smart that he put metal in the microwave. # b r a v o # science experiment
This is why I tell my friends every friggin' secret I know, because they're so trustworthy #FML #I Joke # U n trust worthy # L e a v r
Like I can turn down the volume of my sneezes.
Vancouver's first homicide.... In the building next door. # feel in safe
so have to pack all my writing notes, projects, etc so I can spend a week alone # oh joy #do Ihavetogo? # house sitting
Really sad to see the very bizarre relationship between Jameis & Jimbo coming to an end.  #FSU
Our generation preaches about loyalty...but ya better not catch feelings...cause ya know that makes a crap ton of sense!
hope york this Saturday won't be as shit as last time # high expect at ions
Starting the day off strong with Shinmai Maou no Testament.  WHY ARE THEY NAKED.
So many Russian swimsuit models are trying to get me more followers on Instagram. Wow, the Internet is really amazing! # s p am
Oh how awesome, Celebrity Big Brother is on.
if this day got any better I'd play the lotto
We've seen 3 different cars on the side of the road in the past 5min # good signs
wow this is the greatest day ever!!!!!
I love my header ! Fucker... Cause thTs what we all are ! Fuckers ! I'm in a great mood clearly # f u c k e r s # new saying
Glad to see girls sports get just as much recognition as boys sports in Homer.
Just found out that my car is going to cost $2340 to fix! Yay! I love paying to fix my car!  #FML
All the nice words that you said and you message me a month or so later. # Really
Dear doc, pushing on stitches and asking if it hurts will illicit a sarcastic remark from me. # life # humor
Wow. Turns out Woody Allen was a close friend of Clinton crony billionaire pedophile Jeffrey Epstein. I'm surprised.
"It was nice seeing you today."
Shocker. Randy Johnson hit 1 home run in his career. Against the Brewers. The pitcher was Doug Davis. Again, shocker.
Oh no. There was no sound. What a SHAME... # c b b
I'm so happy that the snow decided to come AFTER Christmas!!!
Oh Alicia Douvall - what a beautiful life story. Inspiring #Celebrity Big Brother
That's a fine list of males you've had Alicia #CBB
I wish my job was to sit in an office, not do my job, and still get paid.
GOP #2016 hopefuls Jeb Bush and Mike Huckabee are taking serious steps towards running. I can't contain my excitement.
Thank God for twitter, if it wasn't for all the tweets about it being cold outside i would've never known
Menstrual cycles are the best. Period. # woman problems # period p robs
When people can't do something themselves, they would convince you that you can't do it. So you can't beat them. Cool isn't it?
I love it when people get crappy with me when I ask them a question.
Ooh I'm loving this girls vocabulary. She's so classy! #CBB
And lets not talk about how the Big Blue Crap is never on time # s m c #internationalstudentproblems # big blue bus
oh wow, it's nice feeling sadness when you have a bunch of homework and stuff to do
I went to Costa Rica and all I did was eat, sleep and study. #Fun Time # beautiful # except for the den g u e
When your best friend ignores you # loved # blessed
Thank you government for protecting our criminals and ringing out the innocent to dry.
Yeah that's it, don't introduce yourself Perez everyone will know you... Hahah #CBB
Love when you choose her over me... #Cant Get Enough Of It
Forgot how much fun Quark conversions to #In Design are.
# c b b patsy has a cat...Im utterly stunned! #CBB
I didn't know what "POS" stood for until it got called it today, amongst other things. Seems I need to brush up on my hate speech.
I don't know about you, but I really believe Kylie Jenner when she says that lip liner is the only reason her lips look bigger
What a great day this has been...
Gotta love the post-holiday work weeks # money t h o
Dear all rape victims it's your fault for getting raped because you a) wore too little b) drank to much c) went outside
Oh good. MORE MLS play offs. That's exactly what we needed
Because of course it couldn't be the fact that I never get enough
UGA players past & present still making them proud!
Some people are so considerate wow thanks
I didn't know going to college met you were going down the wrong path...
Total and utter white out conditions here in Framingham. Everybody get in your bunkers. # over reactions
forecast says 19 degrees F tomorrow and they're delaying school 3 hours. Just what the south needs. Delayed education.
YES B/C PEACEFUL PROTESTS DONT EVER GET THOUSANDS UPON THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE MURDERED. # j e s u is char lie # par is # franc e # s y r i a
Me: Hey!! You look nice from afar, but you're far from nice..... She: Thanks. . #Distant Relatives. #Saved Movement. #Road To Recovery.
Me: hey she had a Florence nightingale quote. Matty: Yep she sure did. She is suuuuuree an trendsetter.
I'm hungry at 2:10. Instead of going to cafe I'm having tea. Ooh and almonds. # oh go o die # who has cake
Taking a history course which is post 1450 to present all that in four months good thing not much happened...
Another "terrorist attack" occurs. Took about 5 minutes to blame Islam. Great reporting guys .  #Paris Shooting
What am I doing alive, I'm obviously a terrorist
Because real friends use each other to get what they want? Yes, I'm pretty sure that's how it works.
Starting to think my name should've been Grace.. # Accident prone
I forgot to  when talking about the Schottenheimer hire at UGA. I do feel like it's a great fit. Bulldogs aren't better though.
Life can just be so fucking peachy some days it's just perfect.
Middle-aged white guys are never racist! Right?
I guess we should massacre half ot the # Press ban #TV # N e w s p a p p e r s and kill their staff because the satire # Jesus and yes it is
Thibodaux High is such a great school
Interrupting someone's lunch.....now that's sticking it to whitey #Black Lives Matter # b l a c k b r u n c h n y c
The way Winston treated Jimbo in the semi - yeah - that's who I want leading my franchise! # Winston # Bucs #N F L Draft
The lodge's music and the fact I have none of my own, makes the money seem worth it.
#Kill All Muslims - Because obviously the last religion based genocide is still regarded as a success. # s e t o f m e l t s # h u m a n i t y i s f u c k e d
Guess who doesn't have a summer job anymore because their workplace closed? MEEEEEEEEE YAY.
If they can make a movie from # Battle ship , of course they can make a television series out of a childhood game in pools. #Marco Polo
I know I loved u more from the beginning. I love u on ur bad and on ur good days. I really do Thanks -.-
I just LOVE being sick at work and not being able to talk!! Seriously! Let me tell Ya!
I love me some conference calls. No one ever talks over other people.
I got a lovely email about my lab being cancelled due to low enrollment so I had to go back and change my schedule # perfect
Damn I wish I could lead every girl to believe they're special just to fuck them. How do you do it? # fuck boy
Yalll are going to have to try pretty hard not to love me today.. 4th ave here I come # kill me
I'll give everyone a free shot to condemn me, too. I'm listening to Elton John.... He's gay!... It might rub off?
Lmao that moment when someone says it's snowing on fb and someone else comments and says "snow?"...like no, marshmallows
another year-another Creative Capital grant I didn't- oh wait, at least 1 Chicagoan received an award! # art # mid career 4 ever
The best thing about being sick is no matter how many times you blow your nose, it's never enough!! # sick
I love finding out things by accidentally seeing them on the computer.
I just LOVE getting honked at while waiting for the bus to go to work. It's definitely one of the highlights of my day.
Love the discomfort of a new filling  #atleastimnotinpainanymore
If you want to find the best humanity has to offer - both in appearance and behavior - just go to a major airport.
Nothing like the rain pelting off the side of your face as you wait at bus stop only to see your bus whizz by full.. I love January
FYI I know everything about building supplies because I work at a builder supply co. I also know all about jewelry & restaurants
Restless night, longer day, and its cold... Yay
The difference between a fact and an opinion? An opinion is what you think. A fact is what I think.
Heard *someone* is contemplating to open a FCP. French Christian Parishad.
giving your 2 year old Mountain Dew at a restaurant? way to set them up for failure # good pa renting
Thank god Kanye made Paul McCartney famous...how else would I k no w the greatness that is the Beatles? # no Elea no r Rigby
Day 2 at the gym and I'm not totally cut yet? WTF? # instant g rat if i cat ion
Only 72 days until Spring. 11 degrees here, says it feels like -8. Heat wave!
forgot how much I love changeover. # i t s a l l b s
4 weeks without internet. Isn't that great?!
Loovvve flagging down ambulances on my lunch break with no jacket.
Oh I so cannot wait for cheap lilly from target.
Makes sense, why would # B ruins want to evaluate # Past r n a k against a talented to like Pitt when you can play him against the Devils.
Pretty sure commenting "pls follow me" on my Instagram pictures is definitely going to get me to follow you.
#S J Sharks win in OT last night and # Wild are having an awesome practice today it seems.
i Thank the Panettone, the Pandoro and the Torrone, cuz tnks to them i've put some weight! -.-" # i love too much desserts # gym where are u
So I guess having to listen to someone’s phone conversation on transit is no different than watching reality TV. Entertainment?
it hurts me inside knowing storey blocked me on twitter #420 # blaze it
Just asked for an increase on my credit line. 2015 is gonna be my year!
12 killed in terror attack in Paris? But how is this possible? Aren't AKs illegal in France? That should have prevented all this.
Couldn't have picked a better day to forget my sunglasses. # its bright
I bet sending more drones and weapons to the middle east will convince #ISIS to stop.
I do own a very little brain which takes any denial of follow back as they don't want me to follow them, and reacts accordingly..
Murdering 12 people because you don't like their CARTOONS! Oh how brave and manly those terrorists are!
Do I have to  now? I thought it was given on twitter.
Wait. Mr Kyle "gotta run the '64 QB sweep" Shanahan is possibly out at Cleveland??!?! No. way. His play-calling was SO new age!
This has turned into a wonderful day!!  #In A Mood Wish I could just sleep this day away and not feel anything
Me & arianna are way too good at social  #C H H S Lets Talk
I can tell work is gonna be great fun tonight.
hmmm I wonder what religion the extremists in paris are from... # k arm a is a bitch
Man, just think how many MORE lives would've been lost in the #Paris Shooting if Islam wasn't the "religion of peace"  #Charlie Hebdo
No mention of the #N A A C P Bombing from mainstream media outlets. But who am I kidding, we live in a post-racial America now, right?
Another great day at work.  #Take A Deep Breathe And Count To F U C K
Darn too cold for me to do anything today. Looks like Netflix, warm blanket, and hot coco all day # Hard life
O good, it's snowing again. Plus it will be -1f with a -19 wind chill tonight. Just what I always wanted.
Cheers for all the response to my question last night fellow reds
Invited to join a network? Oh boy!!!
just remember every one, in weather like this it's not the heat that kills you, it's the humidity. # cold weather blast # cold weather
Islam has nothing todo with violence! Lets kill the bastards who say otherwise in the name of Allah! #charlie Hebdo
But we live in a post racial society, right? right? #N A A C P Bombing
I love when work gives me zero hours during the week it's okay though I have absolutely nothing to pay for.
Oh sure, let's just arm everyone; nobody will step out of line if they know everyone's packing.
Good, it's getting warmer. Yesterday, it was 19 degrees. Today, it's 22 degrees.
Wow okay my car just about didn't start. #I Love Cold
Jamieis Winston will not be finishing college? I am shocked! #Please Jets Dont Draft Him # jam e is wins ton #Jameis Cant Form Sentences
Magis entails countless hours of sleep to be lost.
I get to learn how to use blackboard again! Yay! # hate first day of school
#Charlie Hebdo isn't true Islam. So what they keep on following d Holy book letter by letter .I know better Islam than d muzzies.
Don't worry # Muslims in Europe this will have a severe impact on all of u. Cause its always easy 2 blame it on # Islam -
Why care about people when you can care about money? # fuck society
Gerrard to LA Galaxy..wow.. DID. NOT. SEE. THAT. COMING! *le sigh/rolls eyes*  #LFC #Couldve Told U That When He First Said He Was Leaving
Nothing better than walking around campus in 12 degree weather. I joke of course.
# s w f c did anyone hear? There may be a takeover!
Slid through a stop light and a stop sign. I just LOVE this weather.
I have a great idea. Show up an hour late then stand in the hall and have a loud conversation while everyone else is trying to work
How come I didn‘t realize Yonghwa released a solo album last year?  #damn F N C /2015 yo!
Driving I-35 in Austin,TX at 8am is a lot like Columbia in Grand Forks at 8am. ( ) # traffic
yeah, i guess those 72 virgins are just gonna hafta wait--- betcha they're disappointed... # bastards # t c o t # tea party
Leaving # g p ab this morning, I saw a Ford Fusion with Skull & Cross-Bones stickers attached to tail lights. # bad ass ←
But hey I know nothing right
Got lost this morning which means I walked around in the freezing cold for 20 min. I'm starting this morning off right!
Nothing to do with Islam though. Just a few nutjubs # religion of peace
oh no! Weather is coming! Batten down the hatches!
Oh my God guys, Jameis actually decided to go pro!? Shocker!
Rizal works is my favorite subject. ._.
Thanks for the early start today kiddos :p # pa renting
Sad for # franc e , for #Freedom Of Speech, # journalism and ! Hope that #Charlie Hebdo will survive and our freedom will be protected.
Brilliant idea: force myself to go to sleep at 6am just to be forced awake at 10 # tired # just want to sleep
I'm so glad I'm going into ridiculous debt to have classes in buildings that are so cold I have to wear my winter coat # need mittens
8 am classes are the best!
U ade me hungry but im on diet so that doesnt affect me i guess ==
It's definitely safe to have us go to school. It's not like my entire driveway is covered in ice or anything.
Use # irony and in satirical anti-djihadist war to defy terrorism. We are millions on the internet. #Charlie Hebdo
I happen to think the new animation in Twitter for favouriting a tweet is fabulous
COSMO IS SUCH A HAPPY SHOP I LUV IT
nice to see springbank park being plowed before springbank road. # l d non t
Some get it. Some don't. No diss. Just a matter of perspective.
In other news...thinking about starting a GoFundMe so I can go to Coachella. # i have a mighty need # but i have no funds
Idk why I ever expect this mf to want to keep her own kid
global warming eh? Ok so how do record lows fit that theory? And do not eat red meat...it's bad for the environment
Oh I love people with no manners.
Any plan to come and visit # par is soon twitfam?
My favorite part of Chicago is when Polar Vortax 2:the redux comes and my eyebrows freeze. # polar vortex # chic ago # hot h # star wars
Woke up this morning with breaking free from high school musical stuck in my head. That makes just a tone of sense
Close down the city!! There are flurries in W # a v l ! Hurry, get milk, bread, and eggs immediately!
Great fucking start to my morning # could n t be any better # fuck off
is, having a Tourist Reception Centre in # J a mm u city :-D I mean what is there to see in J a mm u . It's better to see Kashmir instead.
Back after a long twitter hiatus/vacation. Anything going on in the energy sector? Oil prices doing ok?  $XLE $VDE
I get to go out in this Siberian bullshit to go to work at a prison job!
Ah, the double question mark. Nothing persuades me to answer your email questions faster. Right??
Diggin' the winter Birkenstocks with socks look. Makes sense (somewhere)... I guess? # winter style # extreme cold warning
I think I might be emotionally constipated. I haven't given a shit in days.
Isn't it a great day to be working outside... # s c o tt is h weather
My life consists of me having a perfect sense of humor that is shared withnobody that I know.
Ahh I really missed getting up at seven every morning
Wow, just wow. Happy morning to us all! When U make it worse for your people by being extreme dicks # Paris # stereo types continue
There's sumthin just but different about his indifference
Was just about to go and remind my neighbour to slam all her car doors as many times as possible. Oh wait, there's no need
Freezing cold.. Still snowing..roads covered.. Great day to drive to school
Oh, what's that? The temps are lower here than places that cancelled school? No big deal, I guess.
I have a concern. If we get Januzji and Sinclare where will Wieman and gabby play?? # a v f c
Today is off to a great start!!!
Buy me a phone worth 60k haha not bad lol
Explnt'n of imp of studies by father W evry wrng ans in ur exmpapr ur future hnymn shifts fm Swiss 2 सिंगापुर 2 वैष्णोदेवी # jokes
Dont worry NDTV will proove dis #Charlie Hebdo attack as publicity stunt till night # Me di a traders #pro Islamic Media
Yeah, it's the 7am demographic that's gonna make us hit our numbers for the week.
Just woke up and am casually running a 101 fever. Really pumped about spending my last week of break sick...
I can't wait to go out and work in this weather #U P Sproblems
I feel so bad for the kids having to be outside for 4 min before school & the people with office jobs with the cold.  I work in it.
I'm so glad my # T wit t e r app let's me see a whole 2 hours worth of tweets.
Go ahead... Get us all to school and then just send us home. You know, because that's # logical .
New Jersey, the only state that gives you a tardy for being a minute late when people drive 2 mph in the snow #Bright Idea Guys
I for one, can't sing the praises of Islam enough for its contribution to western society # anything but # parasite
Morning miracle - my truck doors were NOT frozen shut from the precipitation last night. Yay winter! That second part is
Religion of Peace Strikes Paris Newspaper. Don't worry it was probably the newspaper's fault. # is l am
The service on my phone is out so that's great (-:
Yay, I got a meeting at 8 and class from 9-5:30. Should be an awesome day.
And yay for extreme cold alert.
Gonna be waiting for the bus in -30.. great (y)
I saw two reporters and two news stories having to do with animals this morning on wfsb # en lightened
So glad we have school when it's this cold outside!!!
Only $350 to rent a car for 10 days while we're in Hawaii...what a deal!
The price of oil is at historic lows. The PERFECT time to scar our land with a pipeline that creates 35 permanent jobs. #Keystone X L
Damn I love when my hair freezes
I think NTs the best, it's ten degrees out and snowing but we still have school. Awesome!
I do so enjoy these mornings
Terrorism killed 31 people in # Ye men . No Breaking News, but that's normal, they're just Arabs. Should I add ?
Mom: Why is everything on the floor?!?! Me: Gravity, mom.
I don't want to date an asshole, I already have one of those between my ass cheeks.
Don't forget to follow me on # in stag ram username; jduk90 for an insight into my thrilling jet set lifestyle
I'm a girl who usually laughs at her mistakes, so excuse me if I laugh in your face.
Back from Spain. Greeted with -15 deg and now -1 deg with insane snowy wind gusts. I love winter!
Yay, train wasn't cancelled, just supermegalate. How joyous that the increased rail fares are totally worth it. # commuter moan
Poms going to have a fair wc side if stoked can't even get a gig! #BBL04
# r u s s i a today commentators seem increasingly left-field, Western media are lying, not providing the facts. Unlike them... #RT
I'm sure everyone who uses Shenfield station has an alternative way of getting to work that won't cost twice as much # cross rail
Morning twitter. Already been witness to some homophobia today. What a great start to the day
I love waiting for people to text me back. It's literally like my favourite thing ever
Watching #Agent Carter. Kind of weird how few #POC were living in New York in the 1940s.
Little Mix blocked an harmonizer only bc she mentioned 5h. how sweet they are..  #Little Mixarethemeanestbandintheworld
where would I be without people like Ethan and Jake to tell me about MYSELF honestly I mean I would just be falling apart Jesus
Life sucks when you on a rainy Wednesday and u have No Basketball and then u plan to watch running man but then homework pops out.
I envy people their sleep. I manage 4 hours if I'm lucky, that's why I am always smiling # story of my life
Today I ate lunch. Yum. I also drank milk. Exciting. Best day ever, which is weird.  #Who Which Clause -KW
Give a guy a shoe that are his "grails", then turn around and tries to flip. Gotta love the sneaker game now.
Shout out to PSN for being reliable. # sigh # gotta be patient
Wow, I never get sick of Channel7 interrupting tennis matches mid-game to show the same MKR ad over & over & over again.
Oh how I love being ignored! There is nothing better than that!
Warner's call for no send off was only applicable for the Aussie innings stupid..... #Ausvs Ind # hypocrisy
Belchy Burpingheimer & his friends, Chatty Patty & Lisa the Loud Whisperer, sat next to me at the movies tonight. It was awesome.
An old cple is rdy 2 go 2 sleep.man lies on bed bt woman on the floor. He asks"y u on floor? She:cus wnt 2 feel sth hard fr a chng
Love been up since 4.30! Its goin to be a loooooong day!! # tired
Dont everything on my car break down at once, I'm only a millionaire
Stomach pain and head ache this is awesome.... .
Rolando and Sneijder are the solutions to all our problems
Love that I'm still up doing trig
#N A A C P Bombing in Colorado not being covered by media. But wait there's no # r a c i s m in #USA #Racism Still Exist and always will :(
Well this has turned into a great night
Oh the joy... Like thanks! I really appreciate it... Of course my plan would not work out... # last t we et
Just saw used lingerie for sale on an online yard-sale group on Facebook. So tempted # y u c k
Wonder if Warner had a chat to Starc about the send off he gave Vijay...  #A U Sv I N D
"I kinda hate those guys." "Really? Can't see why." # my babies # first meetings #Gilmore Girls # Sophie 4 life
Why does nobody believe me when I tell them, I am a farmer! I really don't get how they don't see it..
Stuart Binny & Axar Patel selected over Yuvraj Singh. Now, no one can stop winning India #WC2015.
My family just loves it when I walk around the house dancing and singing uptown funk. # they hate it
I love how all my friends care about me
Christine couldn't have dealt me worse cards tonight. Thanks Christine! # B l a c k j a c k
Bella got her phone taken away and has to pay her lawyers fees with her millions. Lmao What a punishment.  #RHOBH
I mean let's be honest.Everyone would be real upset if schools cancelled because we're all there to better ourselves.  #On A Tuesday
2 faced people are the best people... #NOT # i hate my job # pray for me # customer service # Lord have mercy
Sick way to end the indoor soccer league im in by not winning a single game! # soccer
0-3 don't matter to me - we still have the NIT! # back to back # Go p hers # tank
21 things every teacher, student, principal, and human should do by 2021. # not ab log post #butsomeonewillwriteitsoon
Iraj RT two of my tweets, which are actually # poor #ayyo Iraj
Celebrate Amir. You're such a winner.
Finally reading into the Jones story. Coke? C'mon man. If you're gonna go hard... should go harder than that, right? # don t do drugs
Did they just call a foul on Minn?? # go bucks #O S Uvs M I N N
The things that make you feel sooooo significant
6-2-2 in last 10, but remember, that's irrelevant for some reason.
Another great game for Teravainen  #C H Ivs C O L
#NEWSFLASH: # O b am a admin to accept unfinished work permit applications over properly completed ones! # Am nest y
Just when I thought I was feeling better, I start to feel sicker again. Yay!
Stephen Drew? I smell #28!  #Fire Cashman
As much as I love these muscle spasms and all, this is really getting old
Amir wouldn't have gotten blown by on that play.
I guess I can call myself a comic, I did make that one person laugh that one time on a.show I did. # comedy
Berglund sucks! He got into the zone and held possession of the puck long enough to make a crappy pass to set up that Backes goal.
And that's a not her Minnesota loss. Playing just splendidly, especially heading into a series against Chicago coming up # not
Has money & asks for quarters that are 90% silver, doesn't think to ask for consent. Good to see your priorities are in check, Sam.
It's really fun having conversations about my mental health with my mother.
Ok spoke to soon lol my baby just woke up so let the noise begin # yip p e e
Yay storms just what I like
# Coyotes killed off a PP! Whooo hooo! #Baby Steps
Did BJD dress the last two games? # C y c l ones
Convinced the founder of #CES2015 (and every other year) hates # e v e n t p r o f s . HAS to be the same week as New Year's? # brute # kind of
If you can’t deal with my . I can’t deal with being your # friend .
Gerrit Verschuur’s thesis was on proving his supervisor was wrong. That must have been SO FUN. # a as 225 # s t o r y c ol lid e r
Late shift tomorrow so I get to sleep in...til 8 # i miss having one job # not enough hours in one day
You know it's been a great audition when you came home bruised, sore, and in tears. Holy crap. # f rust rating # I tried
Ain't nothing like wasting your time
Random Underclassman: Do you think it is possible to take 12+ AP classes in a year? Me: A pact with the devil must be made.
Did Kentucky win? Idk where to look !!!!
"I'm one with the wind and sky" if you were then you should have been flying not freezing # reality # Frozen # E l s a
I'd go out and build an igloo, but I don't think it would be cold enough.
Man, I love it when random dudes think it's appropriate to hang out right outside my door and shoot the shit incredibly loudly.
Thank you Comcast for not giving me the Wings feed tonight.
No goal on that power play. #Thanks Crawford
It was so nice to see my "brother" when he was home.  because he didn't even come see his family.
Ole Miss took UK to the wire. The SEC is so deep in everything! # roll tide #BBN
It was really nice to see a lot of members from the Quarry Crew at the girls game.  But to me I loved watching the girls game!
Tell you who I want to shoot the free throws. Lyles...
Electricity is out. Yay. Cold Pizza and Candles.  #Who Turned The Lights Out
I can't believe Harrison is crying
Great X's and O's there by Kennedy.  #BBN #Ole Miss
First day of my week's vacation & I woke up in the middle of the night sick. This is so awesome.
Both teams putting on a free throw clinic here, each 1-of-6 from the stripe
Oh you blocked me? That hurts my feelings sooooo much. # brush your teeth
What a nap!! Time to study :D
So happy my brother wants to hang out with me before he moves to Colorado tomorrow
Attempted to clean the office and the dog pukes 3 times! Of course we have no paper towels too ^_^ I'm having a great day!
omg fake friends are my fav.
Have to love people who correct your speech and then use the wrong words when they speak.
Im really looking forward to working out of a man lift tomorrow when it's 10deg ..
should aria trust ezra? ummm let me think should aria trust the man who was stalking her for months? i mean idk guys #PLL
Idk if anyone's heard yet, but sandwich doesn't have school tomorrow..! #No School Tomorrow
"How fortunate to run into you like this." Yeah, what a coincidence, huh?  #PLL #No Esc Ape
Now egg prices are going up because the laws in California are awesome! # c al i problems # political problems At least it was 88° today.
The result of the last #C A Rvs N S H game was 2-1? No. I don't believe it.  (At least, we won that one.)
I totally wanted to hear more insults about my life choices today, definitely.
See what kissing a white woman do to a brother #Agent Carter #Dat Carter #Secret Agent Maam
It's always exciting when two players hoping to keep their place in the side are batting together.  #A U Sv I N D
Wait, schools are closing because it's cold? We are officially raising an amazing crop of tough minded # winners .
"These baseball writers know who's clean and who's dirty! Great job!"-Mike Felger
New from #CES2015 - Gum with a sensor that lets you know when the taste is gone. #Io T
I just love our justice system
Love it when people dont respond to you
Gee... I wonder where Tony gets it from? #Agent Carter
Woot, I get to enjoy reading school closings and delays with my NCIS.
Love been woken up at midnight, no really.. Going to really help me out
I got unfollowed. I think I'm going to cry  #IDFWU
Pono's lossless audiophile music player is at CES. Gosh, I hope they used the good sounding hard drives.
I couldn't tell.. but does tri-center not have school tomorrow?
Reporter - "How do you get the team energy up at halftime?" Calipari - "I'm going to ask them nicely in the locker room." Haha
Majooooor shift at work ...can't wait for those phonecalls on Monday :/ # l are do get ready
There's nothing more humble than a 3yo after a shower.
Wait? Shane Watson *DIDN'T* get to 100? Holy Crap!  #A U Sv I N D
Halftime speech from Cal will be a lot of kumbaya and praises  #BBN
Ugh! I h8 winter. All I do is just be inside a warm room and suffer "cabin fever." What a way to start 2015!
My phone didn't die today, so the battery isn't bad again. It must be an app that flips its shit periodically. Awesome. /
I love running out of everything all at once and then having to spend a fortune to restock. # hate w al mar t
Had such a healthy diet today! Blueberry muffin and a caramel apple blossom. Very filling and nutritious
The plumbing here is just great thanks to my brother
Preparing for the smoldering 7 degrees it will be tomorrow morning! When will we get some relief from this heat wave
Works gonna be a blast tonight cant wait!
I'm sorry, but NKC is stupid. It's not like the flu is going around, it's not like busses can't break down, or any of that. # I d i o t s
I can't wait until the # F l y e r s play Calgary so we can hear of another New Jersey native in Johnny Gaudreau.
Randy Johnson should wear a Yankee cap on the hall of fame # Yankee legend #whereis Pete Rose
Can't wait for it to be bitterly cold tomorrow
I love getting to school when it's dark and leaving when it's dark.
114th Congress: 92% Christian, 82% White, 80% Male. We are living in a reflective democracy, folks. (I mean, men.)
These tweets are almost too cool for school tonight....
Jon Bones Jones tested positive for drugs? No. Not possible...
I love how the Republican Party's best current options are Prince Jeb of the Neo Cons, and New Jersey's number one gangster
Good thing O will veto every single piece of legislation put forth by the Republicans, our kid's air and water are cleaner for it!
Kessel had some nice things to say to a reporter in Toronto today
I love getting sick at work
Life without TV would mean we'd have to actually live for ourselves....who's got the time!?! # satire
And naw, Av never been called a Happy Gilmore.
So excited to see # d rake at # Coach ell a 2015 I really hope he plays Started From the Bottom that song would be so cool to see live
Finding an ulcer in your horse's mouth has to be the best thing ever
Don't you love when you get out of bed and put on a bra and makeup just to have him cancel? Yes. Love it. # p is sed
I am so excited to walk 4 blocks to my car. # cold #Wisconsin Problems
No greater feeling than being ignored...
I'm deleted from every social network now cuz I didn't wanna fuck w you? Sucks.
BREAKING: Derek Jeter on 2020 Hall of Fame ballot ... let the debate begin.
So, the coldest day of the winter tomorrow and the furnace decides to crap out. Awesome.
Stuart B inn y sure holds india s best bowling record. Come on guys let him jump and clap his feet # B inn y
I have to be sarcastic because apparently punching people in the face is highly frowned upon. Who knew?
Way to go # Mac ys , my 1-2 day shipping turned into 12-day shipping. So glad I paid for it. Will stick with #Amazon Prime # Mac ys Fail!
Omg like your eyebrows are so on fleek
I enjoy having five million assignments due the first week of the semester.
i can't wait to see those assholes at school tomorrow, i really missed them
The first consumer Cybernetic eye should be called "I Eye" just because that would be perfect # future
Personally I love that my hot water has chosen today to not work. # g r r r # wine o clock
It's all fun and games at 25
Home from training, straight into flying solo and crazy job off... Three days of work and complete kid carnage! Awesome...
community organizer taps community banker for fed gig. is there no end to this commie madness? ( ) # I m peach ! # r w n j #Unite Blue # go p
If only I could be half as cool as you....
Someone broke the bank... OTC markets on point today  $MINE $VPOR
Cause having metal braces really does put your life on hold... # in visa l i g n
Wow. I've been super productive today
Randy Johnson will probably go in as a Yankee right? #HOF
OMG $BPT $2.69 dividend!! Forward yield of 16%+ SCREAMING BUYYYY # real talk this thing is a piece of sh**
Dave is so sweet letting me get in front of him in the parking lot and what not....
I followed AFC Bournemouth on Twitter. That clearly means I'll be making a transfer to them
Yes. I get to go to the dentist. # shoot me
How is it that the FA Cup 3rd round last longer than the World Cup Finals. Can't wait to see 4th round fortnight #F A Cup
One of my favorite things about running NetApp is managing dedupe schedules.
Mmm -50 degree F wind chills tonight. Can't wait! # Minnesota
2 cold fronts coming our way! Great! JUST GREAT!
no better feeling to be back in the gym after Christmas # w r eked
Community college system is so easy and smooth I don’Tahoe to stand in the financial aid line at all # t ex as get better
Well made it to Hawaii 23hrs later with my baggage lost somewhere! Probably the best airline I've been on
If you want to meet girls, major in CS. You'll have like 6193739283 girls in every class
Wow our sightreading was so great today
The marking there was superb. Truly truly outstanding.
So Russell Slade's going for a Millwall defender, a Rotherham striker and a Chesterfield striker love his ambition # big name players
Arm is killing me after flu shot. Sheer terror coupled with aches and pains. Yeah that was just how I wanted my day to go
I keep hoping the next thing tumblr changes will be something actually helpful. Then they make the icons roll down on the dash. Gr8
# six pup pies and us what was the thought process? I keep chickens in my garden. I know let's get a gundog breed. Geni us .
Rangers play back to back against Anaheim and LA. That seems reasonable
Sometimes it really sucks when you learn something new, specifically when it's about personal growth!!! # c h o o s e p o s i t i v ity #ok God
RL friends think that if I had a GF, I'd be special. What they DON'T know is that I have 4k followers that make me special.  #TT
Good job # K n i c k s , a 2019 second round pick... Sweet trade.
I love it when crazy things happen at work & I can't eat my toast before it gets soggy. # i m so sad
Pandora has the greatest customer service!
Taxis taking the long way in Vegas never gets old.  #CES2015
Nice bit of defending from Collins.
Oh because you have it so bad right?
I thought every child was born a human, and worships only his/her parent! Thank.. Stand corrected! #Outrageous Owaisi
Take the shittiest run NFL team this side of Oakland and use their personnel as a guide to success. Your doing great Mr. Ross.
It's nice to know that the grown ups are in charge. # congress
It's starting to sink in that I'm probably never going to get a decent job & I'm gunna be a MASSIVE failure in life. Can't wait...
I wish I could sit around all day everyday and have no priorities or responsibilities
I hate when I forget to add  in tweets. Should we all just assume it's always added without needing to see it?
Its okay i didn't need help or anything.
I find myself shy around those who are confident, but I find myself confident around those who are shy # re la tablet we et
Don't you just love it when I random guy steps into the same subway cart with you and its just you and him and you feel so happy
It's nice that parents of players in the college football final are being reimbursed for travel up to $1250.
In related news, BOP considers special wing for ex-governors. ( )
Pedro is going into the Hall of Fame as a Met, yes? A career-defining 4 seasons in Queens (World Series w/ the Sox? Big deal).
& B4 #P.C.world..(Not the shop) start jumpimg up & down the conversation was a mix of / # H um our / # both
I'm really glad: 1) to be at WalMart, 2) in the really long customer service line, 3) that extends to the bathroom entrances.
People talk about controversy in the hall of fame, why is Randy Johnson in it? Didn't he destroy/kill a bird mid pitch before?
I love snapchats of people driving.
Drake is exactly who I want to see at a music festival
Wow so original do u want a gold star?!
Can always rely on twitter to bring you some positive comments from us blues.  #COYB warriors put your keyboards down!!
Can't wait for the shit storm to start, when certain people see that I'm back on Tony...It'll be great.
Random ass willy nilly no rhyme no reason no WONDER things go so SPLENDIDLY!
So I go into surgery the 13th...the day after my birthday..NICEEE
Yay for me!! Emergency dental appointment for possible abscess. :-(
Pedro going in as a phillie right?? #HOF2015
you know its going to be a good day when you wake to blood pouring out of your nose!!!
Is 'community banker' (WSJ) the Wall St. version of 'community organizer?'
So Boehner gets to stay Speaker... That's fantastic.
Immediate care center is so fast I can't even handle it...  #North Bend
Well now I'm in a wonderful bright sunshiney mood
The smartest thing I've done is schedule classes today from 8:30am to 9:00pm
So nice to see all the new couples training together in the gym #wonderhowlongitwilllast
Maybe Grabner will play D. He's quite speedy to make sure nobody gets behind him. # Isles #anyone Can Play D
Love how people can be so judgemental on something they have no clue about nor experienced.
Yeah..sometimes I don't listen, I just watch your jaw go up & down...
OMG CAN YOU BELIEVE IT? White House Press Secretary would NOT sign Keystone PL bill!! American thought he would vote for jobs!!
I GET TO CLOSE BY MYSELF TONIGHT. MUCH EXCITED.
Nothing puts a smile on my face like the sounds of a leaf blower out by my door!
You mean I won't see 7 people undercutting each other by 100 coins on the AH anymore? So sad...
What I miss about life in UK? Role played by #Jeremy Kyle in righting wrongs in British society.  Just a little delusional, Jezza.
Mmm...it's like a scene from Silent Hill outside. # fog # p n w
Really excited for the wind chills of -15 to -25 tomorrow.
I have no motivation to write something inspirational today. What kind of # strength coach am I? #Must Quote Soon
What's really helpful are the list of famous people who have bio degrees and have done nothing with them
your just jealous bc I'm flawless
can't wait to get back to uni tomorrow
Trying tae get paid jobs on a volunteer website is murder man.
#New Years Resolution send love letters to all rival sports fans I have ever offended. # Cardinals # R a m s # G a t o r s # H u r r i c a n e s # Wolf pack
"How hard is it to memorize your address?" # airport chat
Nothing like plowing/shoveling snow for 5 hours this morning. # soaking wet # cold
'SPREAD ANARCHY' was written on the wall. 'Don't tell me what to do' crossed my mind # dumb # blonde # everyday
The most rewarding things abt cooking for 3 kids are their happy faces and lack of complaining... # w e e b a l l i x e s
Sometimes I feel I would have made # os car wild e proud.
I'm SOOOOO excited that on top of being a shitty employer, the buckle also doesn't know how to properly tax their employees.
Now that im not sick, it decides to get really cold and snowy. GOSH I LOVE OHIO SO MUCH.
Oh I love to be hit on in the street even though the guy is so far away and is happy to shout anyways!! Not embarrassing at all
Getting things together for taxes is sooo exciting.
# Sources : # B r owns to pay for JR Smith to have direct flight to #CLE to help take spotlight off problem child Manziel ASAP #Go Cavs
Guy who wore extra gear that covered his back during the hot summer months had back acne? Yeah it's gotta be roids
Thanks ppl for always plowing Scotland road.
It was abad idea for me to get back on Facebook .
I'm glad Kanye made this Paul McCartney guy famous.
Can't wait to go into work today :-)
Omg I love learning! Yay for school
Just a dusting of snow on the ground. Now what to do with 6 loaves of bread and 3 cases of water?
I guess the issue with # oil is still a supply issue.
Nothing like sitting on conference calls for 3 hours to really put you in a great mood.
# annoying t wt be like for those who will come back to sch i just wanna say that im finished sch alr
What a lovely way to wake up this morning...
Can't believe more hasn't been made about the no-call penalty against Dallas. Seems like people would be talking about that.
Wow! Timeline popping up news on #NFL players & domestic violence again. Glad to see players are getting the msg #No More
Annnnnnnnnnd I've got a cold. # A we some
Have you ever misinterpreted or # humour in a text? How did you respond?
If I say the fuck word in every tweet will I get more favorites and retweets. Show some class woman.... # real class y
If you don't like any part of a photo... you just can cut it off and change it for the pic you like. HOW DIFFICULT!
20 min in the cold waiting for a bus only to have one show up 3 min before another. gotta love cta
I love how google never gets confused about me being signed in to my work account and my personal account simultaneously.
Ugh I have school today, fun
Hey # Baltimore did we not know this snow was coming? Way to go to the mayor and governor ... Reallllllllllyyy great road prep.....
Thanks for being prepared for this snow Baltimore City. # F a i l # S tuck in traffic # b al t i more city
I'm sure that the new Republican Congress will start fixing all of the mess they helped create.
Chiarelli called up Pastrnak? Why do they need an offensive talent like him when their roster is already so offensively gifted?
I love it how people, think they know U from the things you post online. Its hard to understand  online.
Why would students sit in a classroom to do work, thats so dumb # get a grip
Didn't know how insightful Magic Johnson was on Twitter, but he just picked up a new follower
all i wanna do is watch Friends while the kids are quiet. Netflix not loading right is really messing that up #THANKSNETFLIX
Wow I just had the best sleep of my life
Gareth Gates and Ray Quinn are appearing at my local theatre this year - ALL THE STARDOM!
Leon Best and Bradley Orr back at # r o v e r s means promotion is a cert! # n a a a at #100 k a week
is like electricity, half of India doesn't get it :-)
Really loving these 1.5 hour commutes. # snow # ice
... love when i wake up to a broken back window
Reading through Journal comments and the amount of anti-Islam/immigration comments is staggering. Cos the Irish never immigrated...
Sure do love being stuck behind a train for 20 minutes on my way to work. # re gin a # not happy
What an absolutely gorgeous day to be spent inside working # d i c keys
Balance sheet champions again. It's too easy!
You know what I love about PCs? Having to restart them every 10 minutes!
may # bring #STRONG # will power in #People Who Made My2014 or it may jus ruin # people . 8-)
School has surprisingly been trash asf
It is really great that when your holiday ends, you get the flu.
My excitement for today is # Over 9000
Is $MSG overvalued? Stock is trading at a P/KW (price to Knicks wins) ratio of nearly 15. # o u c h
i love looking for new jobs.
Why fire the coach? I thought this was completely on the players.
Oh thank God I almost thought you were never coming back # tired # insomnia
I am literally loving my love referencing. It's so much fun I might explode. # feel the burn # un i life
"och, those poor sweet Indigenous scholars. Worrying their little heads about things they are too biased to critique". <pat pat>
I'm glad indy knows how to clear off the streets and Wayne township knows what a 2 hour delay is
An Indigenous woman's outrage is a sideshow to the 'real work' of 'serious' thinkers unencumbered by your legacies of oppression.
Route 4 South in Upper Marlboro. No, no, the roads are just fine.  #D Csnow
Takes me 15 mins to get to work. Took me an hour to get home. Gotta love whipping the crossfire in the snow.
To many, an Indigenous woman cannot make an informed critique because her womanness and her Indigeneity cloud her thinking.
Love that I now have to drive all the way to Rockville in this crappy weather # hate this
is it a sign of good luck when your car overheats/radiator busts on the 1st leg of your long interstate commute to work?
I dont want to be here,its STILL snowing, &Plain Local STILL WON'T plow ANYTHING. Way to keep us safe, very well done. # glen oak
That awesome feeling when you get your homework done and you still have a whole hour and a half before class.
Why we all complaining? School is best thing Any one has ever created # not
Really glad the City of Pottsville plowed the streets...
There's nothing I like more than the smells of a long term care facility # clinical
Oh please send more tweets about what ya listening too I love that shit
Nice job pre treating the roads PG County. # they haven t been touched
You don't have to know anything to know everything.
Really glad I didn't sleep at all last night
Oh how I've missed driving in the snow # winter # in di an a
Our school cares about us so much
If your not watching Chievo Toro then you're not a football fan
Thank you PC for keeping your freaking school open when theres enough snow and ice to cause accidents.
Some people like sun & sand. Others maybe poolside with a cocktail. Me? Give me a snowy slick commute any day! #Said No One Ever
When people say "have a good day!" But don't hold eye contact, I'm just like.. Was that intended for me or the cup?
That statement sums up my year of 2014. # life # boring # b l ah
Yay trackpad is sticky. Laptop maintenance is absolutely fun
<----- loves working outside in 18° weather 60 feet in the air in snow # need to hit the l otter y big
The most unbiased selection of Indian #W C Squad is Stuart Binny
Yay! It's cold enough that breathing hurts my chest!
Just got home after dropping Caleb off at # S c e c in a . Totally a good idea to have teen drivers on the roads right now.
Flat tire to stay the day :-) # ya y # oh well # wont ruin my day # k e e p i t m o v in
Keep up the good work, Uber.
I love when the snow plows don't touch the roads to make my drive harder. Just love it.
Can't wait to see all my kids today in their new shoes and clothes....with NO PENCILS to write with! #Math Teacher Problems
Back to maintaining excel sheets. WOW SO EXCITING #FTS
Bechari Meera. She hinted about IK and herself but alas it didn't happen aww :(
The ONE time I throw away my mail is the ONE fucking time I need to keep it. Hating myself even more than usual now # awesome
Queuing in maybank was the most fucking awesome
Yes, it's a fantastic morning and has all the makings of a fantastic day.
U dont have 2 believe a word I say cause I wouldnt listen to someone who's been in the same relationship for 10 years either
It's a shame we have to watch NHL hockey now..
Good morning! Is it cold outside?
Who doesn't love getting to work an hour early?
Really hope there is # overhead space for my bag. If everyone plays Tetris well and kindly, there shouldn't be an issue # travel job
Yay it's my # birthday and I am starting #SCHOOL with gym class fantastic "note the "
As always pittsburgh, great job on salting the roads
Getting yelled at for coughing # cute
The carousel begins to move. The excitement in the room is palpable.
I clearly chose the best NBA team to support... #Go Knicks
I love those coughs that come out of nowhere like suicide bombers and make me sound like a trumpet. # d u f u q # the pain is real
Driving home in a few hours is going to be fun
The best part about 2 hr delays is i still get to go to work on time!!! And be the first pioneer to drive on my unplowed street!!!
My level of  is at the point where I don't know if I'm kidding or not!
Oh look... I'm in London and it's cold and raining. # shocked
Wanderers still no win? Oh darn. What a shame.  #Sorry Megan #butonly Megangetsmysorry
A cracking interview by Adrian Chiles on Radio 5 Live this morning, a real broadcasting tour de force
You say you're gonna creat something between you two. But we have everything between us jerk!
really heartwarming seeing u calling me a fckboy..
Berisha complaining about something.... You don't see that much... EVERY GAME....  #W S Wv M V C
Can't wait to go home and do the laundry! Woohoo!!
I really love when someone throws a load of change on the counter and says "Take it out of that".
Awww so Nick Clegg does care after all
Just taxed my car online. It's advances in technology like this that make me glad I got into the computing industry.
1 month til due date today, and middle child has taken it upon herself to start preparing me for sleepless nights. SO kind...
Will create a motion design bot. Will pass the ugly jobs from generic clients. Modesign became a business of replication anyway.
is like electricity - Half the nation doesn't get it!
hellioo public transport how I have missed you. .....
# O r g a s m is next stage of ...
Lol first day of school and I was at Disneyland. I am bound to succeed my winter session
I'm glad Family Feud is on in Darwin instead of the Big Bash  #BBL04
I dig, you dig, she dig, he dig, they dig...it's not a very beautiful poem, but it's very deep.
Look at people's snapchats, looks like everyone's happy to be back at school
Do you ever just think about how bitchy and annoying you actually are and wonder how anyone actually tolerates you
Fell asleep at 9:00pm woke up at 1am. Now I can't sleep. # cool # just what i needed
Time to exercise. 32 degrees. # Y a y # E n t h u s i a s t i c
Car troubles? In a horror movie? I guess they took my advice about the originality
Now that J.R. Smith's a Cav, they'll surely win a title this year!!
Short on sleep and patience so I'll bowl well tomorrow
Very pleased, 1hr 15 mins to get into work this morning # traffic #10 miles #JLR # jag u a r l and r over
yay I have Conjunctivitis -______- just what I always wanted
Kanye knows how to spot talent when he hears it. He just put this Paul McCartney guy on da map!  #Are You Really That Dumb #The Beatles
I love when I am tired and can't fall asleep
I love it when a hot, highly educated, and extremely succesful guy shows interest and then falls off the face of the planet
is like # electric ity . Half of India doesn't get it!
Good to see the IFIT user experience was fully tested before Sony announcing their integration
I swear getting ignored is the best! I would much rather get ignored than eat food and that's saying a lot lol.
When I met Zach Fucale in the airport after the juniors last year, I told him 'next year'. You're welcome, Canada.
When you can't sleep. It's fun.
So Rob Anderson essentially destroys the #WRP, crosses to #PCAA, then decides to quit. Job well done, I'd say.
Waking up early in a cold room is something that I missed so much more than school, I LOVE IT
Awee, isn't that just so precious?
Back to school time!! I'm so happy!!!
What a game Russel Westbrook and Kevin Durant had tonight against The Warriors. Their combined fgs is 8-37 (0.22%). #Deadly Duo
Is something going on with # bit stamp ?!!? # b t c # bit coin # cry p to # i got jokes :P
aint shit men. You can't blame ALL the men in the world for your failed relationships. Hmmmmm....I wonder why they failed .
My phones so cool when it doesnt charge.. I just love it...  #Aint Scunchie
Don't front #Kanye West fans half of you didn't know who #Paul Mc Cartney was. And no it was not . It's just depressing.
Overnight shift at wrk so excited
Feels great wearing your retainers after you haven't worn them for a night
Wow so missed school and staying up until 12 am doing homework
lol at my walk back to my apartment from the library on the first day of classes past midnight. this term is off to a great start
Well I'm glad I decided to stay up this late, it's not like I have to get up at 4 o'clock in the morning or anything  Night Night!
Real MVP like performance here KD...
First white Egyptians now white Asians. Scarlette Johansson will play Motoko Kusanagi! BRILLIANT! # ghost in the shell
Tonight just keeps getting better and better!
OH YEAH! I experience some serious racism first hand in Montreal as well. What a fun experience.
Alexis got me fucked up honestly & I'm the .........
Thank you for the late notifications phone.  Well I'm off and will answer responses whenever I return.
Hate it when parents say 'children are the future'; and they're a bi-product of the present...stop fucking them up parents!
..... I just realized, I had homework from every subject today.. On the first day back..... How nice!
If your Twitter avi is of you clubbing... You're so cool
It's been over two weeks without # fox news . Thanks for thinking of your subscribers # dish network I want my Fox News back.
I just LOVE having to stay open til 12 while I'm empty. # bartender problems
Reading Night is the perfect way to end break, right? # ill cry for days
Make sure y'all panic at once because it's # snowing and you live in the # Midwest .
Went to a dope art show tonight with tight people and drank cool beer.
Exams in 3 weeks.. Time to cram in every thing from September till now.. yay.. # my brain hurts
is to best way to state, "Balls to society's face."
LOVE the surrounding the #REAL facts about # farm ing & # a g r i culture from the people who actually live it everyday! # farm 365 #Ag Proud
A little Nighttime Nyquil & this girl is off to slumber land! Up for inventory at 3am, oh joy. #zz Z Z Zzz # sleepy # will need coffee
There was a hockey game on? ;)
So that's how RAW ends.....? Great way to start the year.  #Step It Up #RAW #WWE
so excited for a 16 hour school day. i am.. so. excited.
OMG, between the legs dribble! I've never seen that!!!!!!!!!!!
Well, the snow has started falling (again) here in Milwaukee. Looks like I get to get up early tomorrow and shovel. # ya y
Nothing is more romantic than Iowa in the winter.
Here comes the authorities some Cena appreciation night  #Cena Appreciation #RAW
Cesaro and Tyson wanting to make an impact in ‘15. No better way than to go after the biggest dogs in the yard! New Day!  #RAW
Boy The #New Day sure is a great gimmick.  #RAW
Crazy eyes didn't get a rose booooo
6 atheists survive plane crash to be killed off one by one. brilliant plot # gray # net f l i x
Because adding angels to a show always works out. (Supernatural anyone?) #Sleepy Hollow
It's gonna be a cold one in the mornin' y'all. Talkin bout some hot coffee at 5 am. # cant wait # i just wanna sleep
There are some rats having a rave in my attic... directly above my bedroom.... # n b d
The diversity on this is so awesome..  #The Bachelor #whyhaventwehadablackbachelor
I guess we're the only school in Iowa getting two hours smarter tomorrow.
Despite me being in a massive amount of pain, I have to go to school tomorrow to work on my essay #God Bless School
this isn’t stressful at all  #Go Canada Go
Whatever patients, 5 inches of snow and everybody cancels? I guess I'll just go home early. # bum me r
im dating the worst texter of life
A crying story on a first date- good call, Jade  #The Bachelor
My whole day was spent in a hospital.....eventful day...no, plus my iPod died # great day
Spent today working on my website. # kiss # they said simple # nailed it
Can't wait to see even more Cavs fans
Waiting for my 6:45 doctors appointment at 7:12. Even showed up 20 mind early. Yay!
Oh the crazy chick is a hair stylist. Plot twist I didn't see coming.  #The Bachelor
maybe in 2015 you'll realize that you're good for someone.
What a good day to be a jazz fan. #Said No One Ever # jazz suck # w o w
Is there a game or something?
Oh no, snow is in the forecast! Time for the local news to do a live report from the Camp Washington Salt Pile!! #sn O M G # c i n c y w x
I love waking up and going to school ؟ #Percontation Point
Looks like tomorrow morning will be mild and sunny
Glad to see my older brother is proud of me # Jack ass
Hearing you bitch & moan about being stuck with me inside... Makes me feel great .
Thank you Cole. I had no idea what they were chanting. . # Raw .
so schools tomorrow.. yayyy I'm excited.
New building means that I'd be getting a drive-thru. # A we some
Reasons to Date Me: I laugh at my own jokes so you don't have to. But you probably will because I'm hilarious. # e cards
Starting the year off on a high note
Leave McDavid on the bench. Crucial that Gauthier and Morin get their minutes...
love the #USA fans chirping this game. Aren't you guys relegated?
I'm excited for school... It's going to be fun!
Is there a curse at the ACC for the Maple Leaf sweaters? #WJC2015
I'm shocked that the 15 girls in the house are shocked that more limos are coming.
I mean it's not like I'm trying to sleep
Whoa I finally got my grades back! Just in time to start the next semester. Thanks # u o f c
Just turned on the Iowa game and was shocked to see Aaron White get a foul called against him for flailing around untouched
At this point the cavs would lose to Kentucky
Uh oh.....two quick Russian goals and it is 5-3 # Canada . Remember friends, they are using the # L e a f s locker room. #WJC2015
MY ROOM IS FREEZING!!!! I should just go sleep outside its way warmer outside!!!! # but really # i m freezing # w i n t e r s u c k s
Being at the doctors for hours... Fun
Overheard my six year old tell his friends: "guess what my dad brought back for me from the dump!" Such a proud moment.
These farmer wives are awesome...real women...the Bachelorettes would really fit in well with them.  #The Bachelor #Bachelor Nation
Soooooo glad Delly takes the final shot instead of Kevin Love
Can't wait to get back to school tomorrow
Oh look Katrina is being an annoying fun-suck on I'm shocked. #Sleepy Hollow
So far the only non-rigged match tonight has been the Diva match. SO glad the authority is back...  #RAW
Great to know my parents think so highly of me
Erick Rowan has the best theme on the roster. # Raw
I have no reason whatsoever to trust my financial information to Sony for its TV service.
Vatican is raffling the popes car...so, hard for charlatans to make an honest living nowadays... # v at i can humor # satire
wow total divas is so ruining paige's career wowowwowow
I didn't say you were dumb, I said that I could have a more riveting conversation with a rock.
I feel like me and the girl with the fake heart would get along  #The Bachelor
Oh look, it's Katrina. I'm very excited... #Sleepy Hollow
How many contracted E. Coli while in the flooded areas? Or is that particular bacteria a Pakatan supporter?
no work today cuz ive been sick # a f # all weekend # fun times # totally kidding
And there's the story behind the haunting. I'd looove to see how they solve this one. Or not.  #The Conjuring
Reigns win by DQ. Shocker.  #RAW
Swimming 3.5 miles is so fun.
Going home to minus 50 tomorrow, Yay!
I like how commentary was completely burying the Ascension...  #W W E Raw
The Ascension beat 2 jobbers. Impressive.  #RAW
Another GREAT pop for the Acension...
Great job preparing the roads for this snow, Indiana
They're actually doing the Cena shit... fuck it im out. Can already tell this will be a GREAT show.  #RAW
The # k n i c k s are definitely the winners in that 3 team trade ;)
Geraldo is so going to throw Kevin under the bus for not using the logo since it was of course his brilliant idea.  #Celeb Apprentice
Congrats to BNB.... Thanks Kane  #RAW #WWE
Lots of traffic today. Hope I get home before I have to work again tomorrow.
On weekdays, I love to take 3 hour naps so that I won't be able to sleep at night
Your a country girl who cant drive stick, cant back a trailer and ain't held down a job. Daddy's truck makes you one though right?
ITS 8 O CLOCK EVERYONE ELSE GO HOME IM THE ONLY ONE ALLOWED TO WORK OUT IN JANUARY
Just beating Glen at Trivia Crack. Again. # cause t hats important
A little heart broken that I just saw the new Maddy parking lot, but you know, it's whatever. # Just my childhood # no big g i e
Yay, can't wait for school tomorrow!!!
I'm sure the proper halftime adjustments have been made. # i u b b
I'm so happy to have School in 6hours  i'm not, At all
Just what the Knicks needed....a PG
Well our loud neighbors r back n town. Wonderful. # please move out
World.Junior Hockey Championship or the # Bachelor Premiere? Decisions, decisions. #Go Canada
I'm shocked that Tom Crean is getting beat by a good coach!
Of course prayer works, ask any TV evangelist. They all prayed idiots would give them money and make them rich. # a t h e i s m
Wow, this iubb full court press is relentless. We may never give up a point again. # it is awful
We basically got a more selfish version of Dion....FANTASTIC!
Cavs defense will be much improved with JR Smith
JR Smith? He shoots from anywhere. I'm sure he'll fit right in
Heard a 3 way NBA trade going down with Cavs, Knicks and OKC. Sixers should trade for another 2nd round pick... That would be dope.
Did Mora take the job with the jets?
There is so much to do in this small town.
i can't wait to know how fucked up my back is
I'm so lucky to have THE biggest and most positive support team
Love it when there's no swing, the pitch is a road, and the bowling's rubbish  #SCG #Here We Go Again *sigh*
Knees are cool because they can be bad and keep you off the mountain on a ski trip
Max Domi looks nothing like his dad...
Apparently Chuck Norris is now an expert on # politics
I love being nauseous and in bed all day long.
Anyone seen the promos for the Fox show Empire?
I remember when I had short, red hair with a septum AND a nose piercing. # how original
Girly: Mom. I love you. I hope I'm as awesome as you someday. Me: Aww, Sweetie. Me too. # we laugh a lot # love my kids
And there's the crowds that I've missed so very much # love hate
Referring to yourself in the third person isn't weird at all. # s y t t d
Oh sweet!!! It's going to get down to -43 tonight (when you factor in wind chill)! That's the best news I've heard all day!
I thought I was developing a bit of a gut, but turns out it's just a hernia. # awesome
I told a student I was Santa today. The head shake response reminds me that deep down they think I'm funny
Today has just been fantastic... And I'm sure tomorrow is gonna be so much better...  #I Literally Hate Everyone
We've been at this dealership so long they're gonna put us on the payroll. Yay!
# Bo eh ne r to # O b am a !! We truly want to work together with you in the new Congress...just don't expect any cooperation from us!!!
oh dear a pic of Lewis and Monster Energy girls (his sponsor) what a big issue
People are still yelling at me for saying the Beatles were a pretty small band.
Remember, giving money to rich people stimulates creation & demand. Giving money to poor people creates more poor people. #T Y T Live
For the record, I'm still at work. Always love the first day back from vacation.
Day two and I am happy to announce I still have a migraine....  #Headaches Suck
Also, Bray Wyatt vs Dean Ambrose in yet another gimmick match for the 1,000th time in two months! How exciting!! #WWE # Raw
Wow, didn’t know the gym would be this packed first of the year…
Glad to see things haven't changed...
I LOVE spending my day off work alone with nothing to fucking do
The stock market dropped 331 points today...guess I'm going to hold off on buying that yacht.
How do you # t we et ? We need a punctuation mark, people!
Dammit, I forgot to buy bread & milk... Hope I survive this storm.
I ruined a $5,000 dollar carpet to start the day, today has been pretty good
College tomorrow... yay! # just want to work # no work done # oh h shit
I just looove redoing my groceries once I get back to my car... Wish the lady would've just let me sack my own food. # g rump y # he b
It's January and 81 degrees. Thank you Southern California
# l f c Unbeaten in the last 6 and won 4 of them and only one defeat in last 11. Some form this.
Pretty excited to see ling liu every morning for the next three weeks. # w interim # a c c t 312
Barista: no, we can't clear any of the 8 SEATS w/our products on them. Wow # Star bucks thanks for the classy customer service.
.... I had no clue thats what those lines were for. Wow. What a whole new world it is  #Walking Rage #P A Pedestrians Are Cray
Who ever just un f ollowed via BL you ruined my li f e. I had one f ollower f or every day o f the year now you messed it up!! # f 4 f
Don't you love it when you sit down at the table and your dad gives you a shot?
Watched # Selma last night. Good to see that RWNJ's learned their lesson from 50 years ago that #Voter Suppression does not work.
Can't wait to be with all the freshman at workouts tomorrow
i love reading about the anus and how it works tbfh.. i do i really fucking do
I am not bullshitting a coursework evaluation the night before it's due. # student life # stressed out
can't wait to hear Michael Owen's dulcet BTSport tones tomorrow night!! # t o f f e e s v h a m m e r s #COYI父
Gerrard silencing doubters, a brace against Wimbledon # world class
Good to have you back Sam Vokes! Lets win it now and seal that mouthwatering tie against Leicester
Oh god !! Wonder what 'sky sports news' will be talking about tomorrow. They ain't talked about Gerrard enough in my opinion
Class again. We won't miss him at all will we.
So good to be back at work.
OH THANK GAWD. SNOW TMRRW. BC THE WORLD NEEDS MORE SHIT FALLING FROM THE SKY.
I love playing guitar hero bc I feel like a bo$$ and the best part is when my eyes are so dry after one song it hurts to blink.
Hahah remember when John Fashanu abandoned his gay brother when he came out and Justin killed himself. Ah good times.
Had to buy new underwear in a stile I don't usually wear. 2015 is off to a GREAT start  #Chafe Dome Scandal
Yay time to work in an Extremely Hot factory for the next 10 hours for 8.00/hr :D so good I could throw a party!
KAT IS A WORLD TRAVELER AND HAD AN INTERNSHIP!!! # don n a strikes again #Left The Country Once # subtle brag
what the fuck is an arianna grande? probably didnt spell that right. dont care. fuck starbucks.
Happy to see the concerned citizens of Facebook posting about Privacy again!
This day keeps getting better and better !
Messi is not going to Chelsea. Yeah and Fernando Torres is still world class.
That Sakho looks comfortable on the ball and his range of pass is quality # dogs hit # c ol our blind # pass to a red
Oh good. It's gone up to 10 degrees.  #Midwest Life
Our game sounds really entertaining # t wit t e r clarets
40 degrees yesterday, 17 today... gotta love winter...
Think we need to bring Lambert on #Gone Missing
The chick sitting in front of me at this Subway will not stop twirling her hair. I love when people play with their hair as I eat.
I love the way this fandom labels
glad our store owner is such a smart guy you guys
Are they sure? They don't wanna wait another 30-40 years? Why the rush?
Well that's put me in a great mood
Just the highest quality feed on ESPN for this Helfrich presser. Perfect video and audio
Watching a show about snakes.. Hello nightmares its so good to see you again!
Let me tell you about how put together my life is right now. #Break Is Over
So happy that AKP deputies decided that their party's ex-ministers are squeaky clean and had nothing to do with corruption. # Turkey
I love spending money on my car!
I typed out the FA Cup 4th Round Draw on my # f b status as it was being drawn.Next level journalism # f a cup
Love turning up to training early to find out the pitch wasn't sodding booked!! # not happy
Time Warner Cable is so awesome
Love when I am having server issues and I have to SSH in and see whats going on,
LSU AND SAINTS news continues to get better by the minute.
Oh your man crush this Monday is the same as last Monday?! I AM SO SHOCKED. # d e a t h t o m cm #and w c w
ooohhh the joys of being a woman....
The team that beat Small Heath 8 nil. Whats the worst that could happen..... # a v f c
I love hearing constantly all day everyday from everyone for weeks on end that its cold...never gets old
Chelsea getting an easy home draw!? That's unusual
Lars out for a month!! Great  #LFC just needs a decent run in the team!!
Oh, goody, Top Gear is on.
Dan Quinn the favorite? Well, I for one, am shocked.
Is there a football match on tonight that's supposed to be some sort of rematch from 30 years ago??
Nice 10 hour shift to ease you back into work, oh and working Saturday # not the one
Remember that, if you're a lodger, wipe # cows hit on a rug, it'll prevent new tennants moving in.... # E m m e r d ale . .
6 hours til puck drop! This first Monday back at the office isn't dragging at all....... # going for gold # bring it home #World Juniors
Thanks #U S Airways you couldn't do a worse job.
Thank goodness everyone posted a picture of the weather on instagram! I might have not remembered its January in Chicago. Phew.
I love listening to my co-workers eat at their desk
First class of the semester......trying to conceal my excitement. -.-
Does Broadchurch start tonight & if so what time as itv have hardly mentioned it ...?
I love how my friends invite me to places
Thank god my phone barely sends & receives text messages.
oh how I love the fragrant aroma of weed in uni halls.
When your son is a pussy. # awesome
Ahh what a wonderful way to start the week, stressed and suicidal
My armpits smell amazing. # n o s h o w e r i n g w h e n i m sick # sorry not sorry
Woohoo, 100 tweets! Who would have thought this intersection of # v o y e r u r i s m , # e x h i b i t i o n i s m and # n a r c i s s i s m would be such fun!
I do love to see what all the arm chair coaches and couch DMs have to say about players. Really guys? Because you know NHL best?
Love listening to sad songs then they hit you right in the feels. . Still like the songs no matter the feels
Mum's planning something for 21st. I'm so excited with this.
If the whole world could just get in my way today… That would be great!  #FB
Aaron harang, a fly ball pitcher, in a hitters ballpark in citizens bank. Yep that's gone do very well....
Oh ya, it was Kanye who made PAUL MCCARTNEY famous...  #Paul Mc Cartney #The Beatles
City Center, super on top of presale codes as per us.
Ooo how I've missed that smell of weed walking home...
Who's burgstaller never heard of him
Also this woman behind me is trying to explain sending a picture via the phone. So fun.
An hour and half to get home. Not bad
Thank you car for shittin the bed appreciate it
The post office is always such a fun place to be.
If JSS doesn't get on the stick in # j o di a r i as ...her run for re-election might be jeopardized ...Bahahahahah
Oh how I love going to the dr
oh jesus .. how i've missed school .
12 fucking snap stories with the temperature on it. I had no idea it was winter until today! Thank you so much!
Love this time of year as a small business owner = getting paperwork and tax data in order for the government to take my money.
Being able to instantly respond with within seconds of a stupid question is a sign of a healthy # brain ...
(Study hall) Teacher: "you only have to learn 60% of the material" "because that's what we call learning"
Really didn't miss a lot about school but I definitely missed the couple who sucks face on my locker everyday
Erica is bad too but she's retarded but it's ok she has money and she's lightskinned
God give me strength the lowest form of wit thanks God for not giving up on us # reality praise # sincerity
What a wonderful Monday this is..
So being back at work is a dream! # b r i n g b a c k t h e h o l s
I just love getting eye fucked by a fellow female
So Tahliah is wasting Rob's money? I'm sure Alicia paid for her vacay on Hawaii.
I want to take the time to thank my neighbours parents for upgrading their son to an electric guitar
Wow, I'm so ready to be back in Lawton for one more semester... Seriously love that place -__-
Let's break the bank and get Jurgen Klopp  #Standard Canary Call Answer
Oh goody, eharmony's giving me 3 more days to find my soulmate. Yay. # yes my mood is shit t y today
Mag Cho is educating everyone on polyamory and vibrators- so important to talk about.
The Dallas Cowboys cheated their way into the second round last night. Great job guys!!  #They Are Trash
A Breaking Bad spinoff featuring the character I liked the least? Oh awesome!
I mean it's holding everybody's interest so well. Nobody is even on their phone!
In other news, a man convicted of rape won't have a job. What a shame. He's such a great role model.
When your boss gets sensitive I love working with family
I am so glad that I was able to hang out with so many of my friends this weekend, oh wait, not I didnt.
I do apologize ahead of time for my bitchyness today.... Let me tell you, those two hours of sleep last night were great.
Waking up with a migraine is exactly how I wanted to spend my morning. Thanks a ton universe for kicking me again when I'm down.
Your internet is not broken is just your flash that is not updated. I bet I'm going to be so much better with an updated flash
I have to get my wisdom teeth out today, great way to spend the last day out of school!
Always nice to know I have a bunch of mocks on my birthday
No pay, my personal stuff is missing, and bills need to be paid life is just so great
28 missed calls from a restricted number. No idea who that could've been.... # j k
Greeting cards were created because people cannot express their feelings bravely in person. So does a retweet button.
Last day of the holidays and I'm off to German tutoring... # fun
Yay for old people wanting to go union!! # live t we et
My sense of sense of direction is impeccable
Having just watched an hour of MTV & other music channels I have no idea why young girls have such body issues # a r se se very where
Woman has "swag clan" scrawled on her baby's stroller. High hopes.  #Control Your Child
Day 1 back at work, hiding in the bathroom trying to stop my randomly bleeding nose. Awesome # not a winter person
Jerry definitely paid the refs off. He was ok w/ not winning the SB other yrs but damnit this one is different.  #Overreaction Monday
You are doing the right thing. Ipagpatuloy mo laaang yan.
I think any good Christian would agree that children should only be exposed to the sounds of good, honest hetro sex # sounds of so do my
Can't wait to go back to ohio and for it to be in the teens this week
That mine heart attack when you have sent a text to a wrong person.
Gotta love the refs in professional sports
Abertay Uni Library, oh how I have missed you
I love repeating myself I love repeating myself I love repeating myself I love repeating myself # mon day # on repeat
Thanks neighbor. You're stereo blaring at 4:30 AM really helped me get that solid 3 hours of shut eye last night. LET'S WORK NOW!!!
Being able to instantly respond with  within seconds of a stupid question is a sign of a healthy brain.
Vanessa may be the best driver ever
I guess with all that money saved from years of not spending, I can see how Kroenke can build a stadium in LA
Page 5 of 365 What a great start for this year! I'm really looking forward to it! Yeah, REALLY. -_-
The first day back to school after break is always such an easy, peaceful day!
Why do surgeons have such AWESOME personalities???
Gmail is misbehaving for me. Why can't this free service work flawlessly all the time?!! #First World Problems
I wish I was twitter famous like you ugh you're sooo cool dude
Working in a little old house is fun because the storm windows rattle loudly when it's windy out.
We've created a situation in which we NEED bells. Wonder why?
Now that it's 2015 it's not at all annoying that it takes 27 minutes for my laptop to start up.
Only # black people are serious about not knowing #Paul Mc Cartney. They don't even know what is. # niggers # s m h
Watching a 7mo along w/my 3 now. Sure I can handle that as well as Arctic blasts doing PreK pickup and drop off.
Looking at the responses Mecca Bingo is getting from Oldham fans, I bet they're well pleased to have been sponsors!
Re. Last RT. Next, we'll hear that writing rap lyrics about crime doesn't necessarily make you a gang member.  #This Should Be Obvious
Happy first Monday of 2015. And a high of -4 today. Super.
In past 5 minutes I made my thumb bleed and bit my tounge. Gotta love Monday.
Didn't go to sleep until 330 last night but hey it's gonna be a good day # school rocks
Looks like a stadium where a bunch of people are definitely going to be focused on football..... # stupid #eff Mondays
Now comes every NFL fans favorite part of the season: The offseason. Speculation, discussion, arguments and predictions! What fun!
Another day of sick. Joy. # go away flu
But none of that matters, we're getting a #UK base! It will make # Bah rain even more of an HR paradise than w the #US fifth fleet "
Back at work. yaaayyy.  I need to learn my lesson and NOT take two weeks off at a time. Quite difficult to recover.
Fuck sake I used the L word again, everybody run.
Dear Kanye, thanks for discovering Paul McCartney. I am forever indebted.  #Scared For Our Future
Shaw wifi is slower than a penguin on a steeple chase this morning. Go shaw!
Also, sick + 38 weeks pregnant = pure joy
Who is this Kanye West guy? Paul McCartney needs to find good talent to work with! # i d i o t s #The Beatles # people are red i cu lo us
But none of that matters, we're getting a #UK base! It will make # Bah rain even more of an HR paradise than w the #US fifth fleet
Starting my week at the best place in the world couldn't have asked for a better day to go back to school  lol
HAPPY SNOWY MONDAY!! Back to school/work!! Yay! # kill me now
Wow great job clearing the parking lot
Awesome that after being off for 13 days that I feel better just in time for work.
Oh good the weather, I was wondering about it
Can't wait to see all of my favorite people today
Great my JH syndrome has developed into Fibromyalgia... Chronic fatigue and cognitive disfunction is forever. #Fucking Awesome Day
Thrilled to go home and do homework
Wow this is a great start to the new year
First Day of school, so exiting!  .com
Love these pus pockets in the back of my throat!
-19C, feels like -30C. Yeah, that's motivation to go back to work after 2 week holiday.
So glad every single student at South Central has made a tweet about the two hour delay, no one would have been aware w/o you.
First day back to work after almost 2 weeks and I've only slept for and hour and a half......This should be fun.........  #I Hate Work
Back to school with people I despise. # ya y # school flow
Bus stops are oh so fun # mon day
Oh, boy. Now there's some good news. # blue mon day #reallyisthemostdepressingdayoftheyear
$SBUX down more than 1% # p remark et . Must be the curse of the flat white! # if it looks like al att e
So excited to start off school again! Can't wait to be with all the stuck up snobs again!
2 hours of sleep feels amazing.
It's definitely a tropical paradise out there..... # yeah right # cold # w i w x
The drive to work today is going to be so much fun.
Anyone else getting de ja vu? #Day Of Positivity
It's not cold! It's only one degree!!
Having an internet connection in my bedroom is a luxury I can only dream of in my uni house. Thanks Virgin Media
Cant wait to see the madhouse that is going to be new york sports club today
Well thank goodness for Channel 13 news! # face book
I've been mis-sold PPI but have NOWHERE I can go to claim it back. # unlikely problems
AND NOW MY HEADPHONES HAVE COMPLETELY GIVEN UP YAYYYY
If you knew what I considered to be my "best behavior" it's doubtful you'd advise me to be "on it". # funny
My car once again died. Woohoo...
Oh yeah, Tommy, Brick Top loves Tommy # snatch
Well that might have been the worst sleep possible... Super excited to not sleep in.  #Youre Doing It Right
So my highlight of yesterday was a customer telling me I looked 'about twelve'.
Oh how I have missed college ... NOT!
I love sleeping for an hour and waking up more awake than I ever have been before in my life.. Its the best.
Cricket and Tennis. Now if there's a Pearl Jam special on somewhere my night will be set!
I just love those night when I get no sleep they make me so motivated and excited for the day ahead of me # cant sleep
I love it when I shower and the water runs outfall way through washing my hair  #1st World Problems
Pulled an all nighter great for a monday of school after break
watching Jeremy Kyle before i go job hunting. what an excited day i've got planed out!
Got big plans for today, guys, big plans. # Not
Hey how was that homecoming award you got in high school, that looks good on resumes, right?
Super excited for this new roommate to move in and think I'm a crackhead.
Work - couldn't be happier at the thought of it right now
Mondays are back on the menu, great stuff!
Oh an all those 'complaining' out having to go to work today. My heart bleeds.  :)
Ah the London commute. How I have missed you
A nosebleed, a cold and only 4 and a half hours of sleep...today should be a great first day back. # mon day # school
So happy to be getting up early and be back to school
Whoo, colege. Just what I want on a Monday morning.
Perks of getting a new phone: teaching it vernacular and roll tide and, apparently, piccolo # the process
Thanks for talking to me. You really know how to listen. # neither happened once again I'll do this all on my own.
Yet another night of no sleep. Beauty. Isnt this just perfect. # insomnia
How lovely to be back at work!
Aww the week everyone is back at work, what a shame
awww Somerreed are so cute and private !! new power couple in LA !!
New year resolution: be less sarcastic because my  is so great...
My god. I pay an extra 20p a week for my train fares! # End of the world
Life's greaaaaaaaat you know thay?! Smh.
Cannot fall asleep. Work is going to be awesome tomorrow. # insomnia
Can't wait to make 96 calls tomorrow and talk to Season Ticket Holders about why we didn't get Melky Cabrera. # struggles
It's 2015 and there are people who still don't understand
I can't wait to see my favorite teacher in all of existence and start off the day with her tomorrow morning
If this gets 8 RTS I'll start my hw...  but really tho I prolly won't
I seriously love going to sleep only to wake up an hour and a half later completely refreshed.
That feeling of euphoria when finding the corner of the living room table with your knee in pitch darkness. # warm and fuzzy
So far this year is great!
Gotta love working at Kroger close to the 1st of the month.. # go home
You must have a relationship with MY version of God or else you're doing it wrong.
Ok, good night for real this time...me and my white privilege are ready for bed # b l a c k b r u n c h n y c #All Lives Matter
I got the best luck in the game
Excited to finally start that Halfhill project tomorrow
So now they're making teasers for teasers. Marketing at its best there. # ant man # movie trailers
that awesome Moment where you sync up with the repository and someone checked in buggy code
Well. School is just going to be a blast tomorrow
Don't u just love when someone is supportive&helpful.Pays attention.Gets off of the damn couch. # lame #theyhavehastagsuggestionsnow?
Looks like Draisaitl was the anchor slowing this ship. # Oilers
I when I have to be awake in 4 hours & can't sleep 'cause I'm coughing up a lung. Also my brain wants to cure cancer at bedtime.
My favorite time... Meal prep time!
Truly grateful that we get to go to school tomorrow so we can get a leg up on Etown! # work harder #Bruin Pride #Lucky Panthers
When you try and tweet artsy and deep things but you really just sound like a sixth grader
I love getting a sore throat right before I go to sleep....
Can't wait for 8:30am lectures every MWF # un i # c al cu l us
What a great way to end my birthday. . Ha
Awesome start to 2015! Way to go you guys! :D
I'm already stressed out this is going to be such a lovely week.
I love coming home to a house that smells like long john silvers.
cant wait to sit in school tomorrow!1!1!1
Seasons 1-12 of #SVU are on Hulu & I'm so Happy!
OMG I soooooo cannot wait for it to be 16 degrees on Thursday morning!!! So excited!!!!
Feel worse right now about life than I ever did when I was on acne meds, this should make for a fun fucking year ahead!! # fuck y all
Well the few days have been fucken great
I needa find out how oomf edits her pictures to look like a whole new person
Picking a new # face book profile picture is the hardest thing I've tried to do in two weeks # life is hard # l ol # so hard # like a rock
S/o to all the juniors and seniors for not failing this generation and who still ride the bus and keeping the tradition going.
The first night back to work after two weeks off is always so wonderful.
My favorite thing in the world is a good 3 and out. Glad we already have 4 of the.
What a fantastic way to end my vacation.
Using tweeting again...why? Not enough social media in my life.
Being ignored is the best feeling ever.
Really happy with how easy it is for me to fall asleep. # false # insomnia
You're the most helpful person I've ever met. Like, damn. Even the stupid questions i ask, you give me the answer I need.
J Term class starts tomorrow morning! Yay!!
Right now would be a great tell for someone to tell me that we actually had hw for the break  #Ignorance Is Bliss
If you're looking for a great learning experience... Watch alien documentaries. You learn so much. #Aliens Are Real
Work tomoz still awake fucking freezing cannit beat it like
Movie night by myself. Soo much fun! lol
oh and dont forget that masculinity is the only desirable trait for men !!
Hawks struggle against a team on the second night of a back to back, but they are clearly the best Hockey team ever.
Holy Cow! 7:58 tomorrow morning can't arrive any sooner!!
Yeah mom life has gotten 1000 times better since you forced me to move here. Great choice mom great choice....
I wonder who the player of the game is...  #Go Canada Go
Can’t wait for the Arctic Invasion this week
So happy Bc all of my apv clothes don't fit
Starting my first winterim tomorrow...should be a great time. # already regret tin git
Oh man the fandom is gonna be "FUN" tomorrow LOL #The Good Wife
Power play is on as usual
Government for the people, by the people; until we get this banking thing off the ground, then, 'fuck the people'! # satire
Canadians need an overpaid 4th liner to clog their power play or they stand no chance against Russia. # l e a f s #Here We Go
If the Slovaks just had more compete and veteran grit, they would beat Canada.
Not a bad pass McDavid. # elite skill # vision
Didn’t see them live, but am absolutely shocked that there were some calls that seem to play favorites to the # Cow boys ! # Lions
Who won the Dallas vs Detroit game? No one has posted anything about it so I was just wondering.
Watching Paranormal Activity, before I call it a night. # good idea
I know everyone is so excited to go back to school from Christmas break and take exams.
Its going to be fun driving tomorrow to school!
This ref in the GoDaddy bowl really needs to calm down!!
Was there an important football game on tonight or something? Haha
Tell a lady checking in at the hotel I'm expecting in May, first thing she does is look at my ring finger... oh the joys..
I'm turning 17 soon I can buy M rated games by myself. Whoopie!
Man this is just such a wild last night of break wooooooooo
Hahaha I feel loved  my writer is FUCKING DIEING OF A S T.D!! IM BEING FUCKING SERIOUS!!
Ready to return to school tommorrow # boring
It's comforting seeing other cars in the ditch upside down #Life On The Road # sketch y # show life
Thanks FiOS On Demand for not having PBS in your lineup. # Down ton
I love it when I think I'm having a nice conversation with someone and then they totally go bezerk at me out of the blue
Love staying up this late when I have college in a few hours. Best fucking feeling ever...
Had a great vacation, can't wait to get back to work .... F my life  #Temp Shire
It's always nice to give up a TD on the first play of the game.
Way to give us a challenge asu!! # u of a # wildcat nation #Bear Down
Felling nostalgic Everybody -> Backstreet Boys is in this "amazing movie" called #This Is The End  & now I wanna hear the B&B album
I just love it when my parents make me feel like shit...
I'm *shocked* to hear Michael Irvin and Deion Sanders say they're glad Dez wasn't flagged for coming on the field w/o a helmet.
Wow I just love having the apartment to myself.
Why is Team Canada's step and repeat logo not as cool as the one on the jersey?
Thanks for all the text messages you guys
“putting my GPA up for adoption because I can't raise it myself”
I just love driving at night in the rain
Minus 10 tomorrow. Words do not describe my joy
Terry Pegula meeting with Marv Levy #Pegula Tracker
I finally hear the snow plow. Way to be on the ball, # h al if ax !
Looking forward to all the bitchin about the PI flag that was picked up in Det/Dal tomorrow.
People think I am a gold digger. Yes, the first thing I ask a guy is "What is your annual income?" Leave that shit for a tax agent.
left stranded in the freezing lille by eurolines because of the coach that never stopped at the stop - best way to start 2015!
How fun is it to go back to school and see everyone you just LOVE SO MUCH
Why can't I get to sleep...I think it's the excitement for college tomorrow
OMG GUYS I HAVE AP WORLD FIRST THING IN THE MORNING & MR.HEELY WONT BE THERE TO EASE ME INTO THE DAY OMG ITS GANNA BE SO FUN!!!
Yayyyyyy you're getting married and no one will ever hear from you again! So excited! # p l z stop
Lets take teachers' respect, honor, dignity, pensions, and unions away, said every deformer ever. # what if its true? # e d chat
Glad I have the support of my friends.
Good lord I could have walked to Atlanta by now #Not Really  #Airport Made Me Not Funny #This Delay Is Twice As Long As The Flight
I think its sad there are people out there who will never understand  - I am very grateful for these people -
Wow I'm learning so much more by highlighting all of the syntax in this book
I love being sick it's just the best feeling ever wish I could be sick all year!
Batman and Robin is on! #waybetterthan Dark Knight Trilogy # s i k e # fuck that
I just love it, when people don't text me back
I really enjoy spending an hour attempting to get into a lobby. #GTAV
Oh and I also thought it was pretty cool of the refs to let Dez Bryant run onto the field without a helmet to argue a call.
Wait...you're telling me that while I was watching darts, the Lions went Lions and somehow lost. There's a surprise.
Nice of the New Jersey Governor to make it to the Dallas Cowboys game! Lol # w add le w add le #COWBOYSNATION
Good job refs way to win that one for the Cowboys
Nothing I love more after an excruciatingly long and painful day than coming home and taking a nice cold shower.  #No Hot Water
We all know the refs will always be " fair" in Jerry's world.
Racing is boring, but professional billiards? That's intense.
We can all see how much Dez Bryant has matured!
Gym at 5:15 is gonna suck in the morning. But I'd MUCH RATHER be there than Steamboat. # n e e d b i t t e r e m o j i please
Thanks for the officiating NFL -fantastic! # joke
Good luck in Lambeau and Seattle
You've gotta be pumped when your teams MVP of the game is wearing stripes. # Cow boys #Ref M V P
So NJ Gov. Chris Christie is a Cowboys fan and is kissing Jerry Jones' ass? Ya. Now I'll vote for him! # t c o t
Shoutout to the people who don't try and yet get all the special parts in dances. You my friends are the real MVPS
Well at least that picked up flag won't be an issue. # Lions vs # Cow boys
So, I'm confused...is #Mathew Stafford from the # Texas area? #Enough Already #D E Tvs D A L
Anyone sad that break is over? I know you've missed me!!! ?
I don't even have to watch the game to know what's going. Twitter is the best
Damn that pass interference non-call definitely affected the way Detroit played defense there  #itsthenflbadcallshappengetoverit
Pierre is such a cool place.
If the Cowboys blow this game, it will totally be on Romo.
Is everyone ready for the BHS Fashion Show tomorrow? Where every girl wears their fav christmas outfit they've recieved. Can't wait
The # Cow boys haters and # Cow boys lovers will agree on one thing: TV execs want a Dallas/GB match-up in the worst possible way.
So this is where Stafford shows that he can play more like Rodgers when it really counts.
but yes...why not? continue discussing this on open tl...this will help things quite nicely...
No holding by the Dallas O-Line there  #N F Lon F O X
surprised there wasn't a flag on slay there..
Maybe they will pick that one up?!
So... there's a football game on? # Cow boys My feed just went nuts xD
At least I have algebra first period tomorrow!
I love that in twelve hours exactly I'll be on my way to school.
Football has changed. You can pick up flags now...
Glad to see Dez Bryant's begging, running onto the field without a helmet and arguing a pass interference call, payed off.
According to the TV that guy has 2 big sacks! Shits gotta be rough finding underwear ;) # y i k e s # too many balls
So glad that dirty player Suh got to play today. # dirty #N F Lisajoke
Very glad that winter is finely here...thought I wasn't going to feel that face-numbing wind this year.  #Movingin With Truman Burbank
Wow nice to see nothing has changed here!
That Cowboy lineman has to come out a play
Smh....shit pot stirrers...I swear. Let's just instigate things and make them a huge deal.
OMG SCHOOL IS TOMORROW I CANT WAIT, I MISS IT... ( ) I hate school F*ck School
#Why Im Voting U K I P Because my best friend is polish and I want to give her a really long holiday there!
3rd and 2. Pass. Brilliant.  #Cowboys Nation
Great time for the most accurate kicker in the NFL to miss!
Yes, random patron! Shelving "Country" in front of "Cosmo" WILL make all of the sex go away forever! Well done, you. # library life
I actually really love it when people tell me why I can't get a boyfriend
School tomorrow omg I can't wait
Why aren't we hearing more about the Dallas Cowboys? They're playing in the game too
So looking forward to the cold weather coming this week.
So excited about work tomorrow. The most excited I've been throughout the entire Christmas period. Missed everyone loads.
Random ass people tweeting horrible things to me. I'm so affended. # think again # loser
Moyes beat Barcelona? The man's a #Football Genius. He so should so manage a big club like # m u f c
Who's more loved than a Fat, Sarcastic blonde girl?  #FML
Phil Taylor, gracious in defeat as usual.
This team has only one sharpshooter, Bjugstad, and only 2 scorers, add Hayes to Nick. Hell of a lot of playmakers though!
Wow! I mean so much to you.
Oh great. The dog’s being put down on # De re k . Really good choice for me to watch right now. Really thought through that decision.
Ya girl, I mean of course all your friends love it when you correct them
These dreams I keep having are such confidence boosters.
So fun when I have plans and then people decide to not do them anymore and not tell me
So the referee tells the Cowboys punter to get up when he clearly gets run into. Glad they're being consistent with that call.
(See last tweet) that's how it's done these days right? Whoever said hard work and education we're the means to recognition lied
They're punters legs lands on our guy 5 yrd penalty our punter gets tackled and no flag seems legit
Good no flag call. Because that did just happen to the opposing team last quarter, and they didn't call it or anything...right?
When the Lions defense stops Murray, Romo shows how much of a "superstar" he is.  #D A Lvs D E T
My new DS made it almost a month before breaking. Hooray.
Tech support is a very rewarding and fulfilling job.
Dez Bryant has to do a better job of pass protection instead of beating up his mother clearly.
I hate seeing the cowboys play like this  I can't stand the boys
Oh how I cannot wait for these marijuana jokes to come my way tomorrow # f a l s e a c cu sat ions
I love how friendship means nothing to some people # fuck that
Looks like Dallas tackling is spot on! # cow girls #D E Tvs D A L
Only a 99.5 yard drive there. Nothing to worry about at all. # cowboys nation # just shoot me
Can't wait to go have my foot cut open again tomorrow # no thanks
So glad they didn't rest last week. That carryover momentum is really showing! # S a d n e s s # Des pair #Cowboys Nation #NFL
So great to see the Cowboys in classic playoff form again.
Oh man, can't wait to watch Empire, do glad Fox keeps reminding me
So comforting to know I have sooooooo many people I can rely on.
So, my mobile internet turned slow. Love you, globe.
Uh oh. Reggie Bush. Big 300 game rusher. Better watch out!  #D A Lvs D E T
WHAT?!?!?! WE GET THE BALL BACK?! THIS IS THE BEST DAY EVER.  LEGGO LIONS! CAPITALIZE ON IT NOW!!!!!
Superb discipline by the Cowboys  #D A Lvs D E T
Spend all weekend in class and now the clouds decide to break up # awesome
Nothing pumps up a crowd like "You can call me Al" by Paul Simon -
I strongly encourage the universe to make my day a little worse
Way to hang tough, Romo.  #Lions Vs Cowboys
Well the Cowboys are off to a great start!
It's ok work, I just LOVE having one work day a week
Who'd have thought it, David Moyes outwitting Barca! #davidmoyesfootballgenius #bringback Moyes
Bruins are 18 in the league and Coyotes are 27th. When is the next stop so I can get off the bandwagon? # too invested # i like torture
Golden Tate with a touchdown. We all know that was Romo's fault.  #D E Tvs D A L
Back to work tomorrow and I can't wait.
can't wait to get the college bus! Missed it so much
Dallas has 3 first round picks on their offensive line? Haven't heard that before. # get a news tat
I enjoy listening to Joe Buck
I think that's why they hate us # cowboys ,kinda
Back in small town Oklahoma. Can't contain my excitement. yaaaaaaaaaaaay.
I don't think the NFL is ready for a red haired QB to win a playoff game.
I expect a completely Impartial play by play commentary today
Great, we got joe buck as the commentator this game
Oh man. It's too bad that I'm at a sports bar and can't hear joe buck call this game and Troy aikman with his super duper insight.
Can't wait for some unbiased color commentary coming up from Troy Aikman for #D E Tvs D A L
Oh joy, Joe Buck and Troy Aikman..... Can't wait to hear all those old # Cow boy playoff stories. #Lions Gameday
I'm so excited for Troy Aikman and Joe Buck to announce this game
Headed north into the storm. # fun
I watched the sun rise from inside an airport and now I get to watch the sun set from inside an airport YAY # me h
Michael Strahan picked us?! That's shocking. I wonder who Bradshaw and Jimmy are going to pick....
I'm so glad my co-workers are so caring and help each other out with covering shifts
Where was all the video of Andrew Luck preening on the sideline with HIS teammates?!? NFL trying to make Cam look bad!!! Racists!
Well my sunday is going extremely well.
My  is to the point where I don't even know if I'm kidding or not. #Real Life Problems
Love watching the darts final and having some knobbed shout out the score right after the marker says it  #drunkpeoplecansuckadick
Looks like our average of 12 points per game in the last 6 playoff games is gonna take a hit after today. # Ben gals
Back to work tomorrow can't wait
WE WANT BOWTIE...WE WANT BOWTIE #Who Dey Nation
Watching the #victoriasecretfashionshow just makes you feel great about yourself doesn't it!?
I'm working with all my favorite people today
Yes, while we're dead stopped on 75 for who knows what reason, lets run around our cars for the fun of it. Not a bad idea at all.
Wow what a punt he's awesome! Highlight of the game! #S C Top10 # be n gals #Jim Nantz Still Sucks #Looking For A Band Wagon
The {perfect way} to get rid of this "patch" right above my knee cap lol
I notice Colts have done a good job of taking Burkhead out of the game... Out-adjusted at halftime... Can't believe it...
It's such a shock to see the # Ben gals not show up for a playoff game.
Haha. Gotta love getting called ugly by a huge group of ghetto guys.
That was an awesome 2nd and 13 play.
This game should go a long way toward ending the talk about #Andy Dalton not winning in the playoffs. #C I Nvs I N D
League has such a nice community, makes me wish toxic guys would still be a thing # league of legends
I'm definitely changing my car insurance if it means I get a toy Meerkat. I'll actually pay extra.  #Advert Cunts
I have half of an introduction, woohoo!! # progress # i m f u c k e d
And it looks like Andy Dalton will now be 0-4 in the playoffs. Yay... # Ben gals
That moment when infomercials seem more interesting than actual shows. So glad that I pay for cable
Just saw a woman face timing while she's driving her vehicle. Extremely smart wouldn't you think?
Beyond excited to go back to work tomorrow # not true # enjoyed the break
Awkward itu yg ky gini nih. RT Marcocalcio22: Madrid lost to Valencia 2-1 today, safe to say Milan broke the Champions of Europe
Real Madrid lost to Valencia 2-1 today, safe to say Milan broke the Champions of Europe
I've been looking forward to the first Matthew McConaughey drives a Lincoln ad.
"Wellll, Don't you just look real cute..." Lol - I miss you. 11/19/2014 # Mama w #RIP # Sharon
OMG! So *excited* to be back at work tomoz!! Obvs!! #Love Monday
Sometimes I wonder how my dad is just so smart
i'd like to thank UPS for ensuring that my package will take the estimated 5-7 business days to deliver. No rush, not a big deal...
The Kardashians and Celebrity Apprentice all in the same night?!? I'm not sure if my brain can absorb all this useful knowledge!!
Oh well, here comes school again! So excited.
Off to a great start! # delayed plane #CES2015 # Vegas
Salman says with a firm tone "make me proud dude" was he referring to all contestants ya phir Guatam? #Bigg Boss Halla Bol #BB8
I like # c o m m e r c i a l s that talk about # appliances that get # clothes clean & then only point out the capacity and the drum material.
I wish one more person would ask me what time my # Eagles play.
I'm so glad everyone is tweeting the full time score though, it being on the BBC and everything it was really hard finding a stream
Has it been a while since the Bengals have won a playoff game? Hmm, I had no idea.
Oh. My. God. The crossfit games are on tv!?!?!?! I'm totally gonna jizz in my pants
Number of times Pearce has referred to last year's final as great day out for # h c a f c supporters, just a little patronising
Man i just love being a console scrub # F ml
Oh great, think I'm getting ill just in time for college # wonderful
Ok #New Years Resolution; Surround myself wit ppl who share my level of and appreciate and contribute to my # in a p prop r i ate comments
I didn't make any New Years resolutions because honestly I can't get any better  #Or Not Sarcastic #U Be The Judge
Florida sounds great right now. Nothing I love more than shoveling
If there's a break in play, could Jimmy Bullard run on the pitch & give one of his hilarious team talks.
is like sex, it gets ugly when you start getting into the details.
O joy diversity are on now that's good watching # pile of shit e
#Stop Ableism2015 For those of us who are a bit challenged in the  department: My #Last Tweet does NOT depict the truth! ;)
You mean to tell me Greg Little didn't run his route? No!!!!!!!
Now your birthday is done, can't wait for mine.
Oh no, I'm listening to a Michael Jackson and Paul McCartney song right now, do you think he could have made him famous too?????
The sports bars are packed for the Colts-Bengals game... # C r i c k e t s
I love the issues that arise with the changing of health insurance. # they all suck # g r r r
Never thought I'd see gas under $2 again in this lifetime.... might run it on the ground like a water hose soon.
Big ups to the wife for deciding Wild Card Weekend was a good time to start nesting
Great. We get Joe Buck and Troy Aikman. Playing the Cowboys. Im sure analysis will be neutral.
A shot!! Yay! I never doubted you guys # B ruins
Well today has been just great
Great job setting the edge by Walden
# b ruins really playing like a team that is tired of talking about what they need to do & intent on doing it.
These next three days will be the busiest days probably of the month. Yay to the new year!
Ronaldo with another Ballon D'Or performance in a big match.
Love being sick it's just f'in great  ugh schools tomorrow too
Anyone else worried about league position after this game? A point today would have been massive. # h c a f c
Remember when the # Colts gave up #1 draft pick for Trent Richardson? That paid off. #N F L Playoffs #N F L Wildcard
Nothing's better for getting rid of a cold than working 8 hours on your feet in a cooler. # retail problems
Imagine if Apple cancels its watch after so much debate in the tech world..... # Apple #i Watch
Note to self; always check new ppl's profiles before responding. Argh! That guy was an islamophobe and racist. Lovely.
I love going out of my way for people and get nothing in return.
Slowly getting pushed out is a great feeling!!!! :-|
It's January, Hoooray! Mid-winter! yay! Woo Hoo!
Just got two tickets in one stop. Man this is turning out to be a fantastic day
First day back at work tomorrow. Oh yes !!! Get in.
Really awesome lately seeing cops kill innocent people and keep their jobs while I get fired after 5 years for seemingly no reason.
I for one am completely shocked and surprised that # C ol l um finds himself at the centre of ANOTHER controversial penalty call.....
You really haven't ever watched football until you've seen Andy Dalton in prime time.
Hmm... who is this Kanye West fella I keep hearing about?
Back at school. You could as well just kill me now. # love school
Always great to see ARSENAL supporters so negative about everything. Get behind the team! No one forces you to follow them # a f c
The Lotus E22 was easily the best looking car of 2014! # slight l ys ass y #F1
Mother is in a delightful mood this evening.
Let's never speak of 2014 again unless the moment of live making you enjoyed
is my only defense ... # follow me
Wow we soon solid in defense  #MUFC
Buzzing to be going back to work tomorrow!!!!!!!!
Is it cold out? Can someone post a picture of their weather app to help me out? Haven't seen one online yet today # nailed it
Does anyone know whereabouts Yeovil are in the league? Can't believe they haven't mentioned in the commentary.
smiling causes wrinkles. so I shouldn't smile anymore, huh? I see. # live laugh love
Waking up with a gigantic headache is exactly what I needed to start my day!
Michael Owen is dead good at commentating! #F A Cup
A sentence u ll never speak in Hindi... . . . . . . " I took a selfie " # jokes
My entire family showed up in blue and white today. We aren't football fans at all...  #Go Cowboys
Work is going to be so fun # sickly
No Ian Crocker commentating on today's game? That's a shame....  #COYR
Magician: Now I will cut the woman in half. Santa: Why turn one problem into two?  # jokes
The kid's are singing roar by Katy Perry. If that isn't a perfect way to wake up idk what is.
Obama home from vaca focus on home prices, college costs and jobs! Yahoo something new!
I'd like to thank my professor for sending an email a couple of days ago about 4 assignments due tomorrow.
And then kiddo wet her pants. Yea. # omen # stay home
If a # Woman tells you that you're right, that's called ..!!
The GoDaddy Bowl may be a thriller today.
Hadnt had to use my power of  YET for #2015 ahh wait, my exhusband will be calling one day here shortly
Do I have to watch Taken 2 before seeing Taken 3?
LOL, they're so funny. They made me laugh so hard. SO SO HARD!
Not waking up till half 11 this morning. Oh, that's gonna make it so much easier to get to sleep tonight
How often does your # x box one crash? Ours is averaging at least once a week. Kids got it on Christmas day. Seems like $ well spent.
Ending Christmas break still sick... # ya y # go away flu
3 hours and 45 mins left till I get to spend another 2 hours travelling home from work, hooray # get me home # travel suck son a sun day
Congress's approval rating drops to 14% and America's solution is to vote for more rich white guys into office # good job guys
Watching Ghostrider. How did this film NOT win any Academy Awards?
OMG! I'm going back to school tommorow!!! I'm so excited!!!
# Bowl Records: P12 (6-2), SEC (7-5), B10 (5-5), B12 (2-5) Looks like a landslide...
Remind me again why I followed them?! # un followed # w he w
YES!!! Less then one day until we go back to school! CAN'T WAIT to see all of the smiling n happy faces!
So tomorrow my life goes back to reality. Oh what joy.
Best trip ever! # lost my credit card # lost my friend # missed my flight #8 hours in the airport # i just want to go home
Have we signed anyone yet # arsenal
Love when my brain won't shut up and I can't sleep! # insomnia
Only got a couple hours of sleep and I work a 7 hour shift. Wow, this should be fun.
This new guy Murray looks like a top find. Good signing! # c p f c
So glad the # n h s was safe with a NO vote # i voted yes
Oh wow, i love waking up early on my day off to sleep in. It's just awesome!
Shop staff are such a pleasant lot aren't they ??
Good to hear Morgan is fully committed as usual to # s a i n t s f c
Who doesn't want a girlfriend that wakes up in a good mood every morning ?
Cor, I love our Sunday morning house cleaning!
Uh keep being , Good for you trust me. # benefit
The Niagara Falls have stopped but the heat is out again. 2015 is trying to be real funny # fun time
Topman have these really cool t shirts and jumpers with 'Hype' on them. Never seen these before!!!!
"Your sister started making messes way before you did." My mom, what a sweet woman  #itsdifficulthavingusasrelatives
Also thanks to Dad for booking the 7:10am flight. Loving the lack of sleep. # v i a j e a m e x i c o
"Thank you" to the fuckboy in the other EST page for posting a Soundcloud link to "Till I Die" cuz pirated music makes you cool?
Well that didn't take long. The January curse has started!!! #Yay Me ←  #Over It
after two days off, opening the store on essentially no sleep is an awesome feeling.
Soooooo exited to go to school tomorrow
Thanks to everyone who came to work ill with coughing and sneezing. My weekend has been awesome
Introducing my wife to Twitter, when I informed her you can only follow 2,000 people her response "how you can stalk effectively?"
home alone still yay. out of beer now double yay.
.... But oh yeah, i guess that doesn't count because NO ONE has heard of NCP :/  but like don't these 'fans' know how to Google
I'm so interested in yo u r daily tweets abo u t yo u r boyfriend!!! # not # s ass #2 cool 4 u
Great. So all the # Da k a r 2015 coverage is on bloody eurosport.
Go t t a love 4am low bloo d sugars # t 1 d # d iabe t esproblems
Back 2 days and already driven 130 kilometres. Yaay home!
Can't think of anything better to do than go to work today
Why does this Paul McCartney guy Kanye "discovered" look like the Paul from the Beatles and looks to be near the same age?
Valiantly gave watching cricket a go. There's people in droves wearing buckets on their heads. The thinking man's game, obviously.
Next time I get scared, I'll be sure to shoot someone. Let's see how it plays out in court.
31 and someone has v omit ed on me for the first time ever. # life goals complete # gross # v omit
Eating Hula Hoops and Celebrations for breakfast. I'm so healthy(!)  ♡
With Johnson ruled out of Sydney Test, his running love story with Koh l i comes to an unexpected end #A U Svs I N D #I N Dvs A U S # Koh l i
Maxi could learn something from Forrest edge them where fielders aren't #BBL04
So I cried in my bathroom. While 2 of my best friends went outside. Yay. This has been the best day ever.
Working on a Saturday night>>>>> ♡♡♡♡
10 HOUR CAR RIDE AND I CANT SLEEP IN CARS YAYAAYAYAYAYAY.
Could think of nothing id rather be doing.
Oh thank god! I thought the baby wasn't going to join in the moon howling party my neighbors are having tonight.
Not blocked by Swami, anyone wants some angry messages delivered to him. Charges as per content  #T Loverload
it's 1:30 and I have to be up at 4:30. it's gonna be a great day.
Phil moss is a tactical genius!
Wow what a great way to start the new year
thank you for being so encouraging. Nice to know how highly you think of me. I feel so hyped already
The nights where you fall asleep and wake up at 7am hungover and dehydrated #The Excitements Too Much
Oh Mike Mitchell was playing with a torn groin. That explains everything. Dude should be all pro next season. # Steelers
And that's why Gus should've gotten an immediate rematch in the first place, that and he won and got shafted but I'm not bitter
So glad 2015 is starting out so fucking great!
Much class Jones. Much class.  #UFC182
You always know how to make me feel better
Love when you just finish the sentence with a period. When it should be a exclamation point. Way more  then.
You know what's awesome? Waking up at midnight and not going back to sleep. For no reason.
I only have to work a 13 hour shift tomorrow nbd no need for sleep obviously
wow so pumped for school tomorrow 143 school smm!!!!!!! yayyy
It was awesome watching two guys hug each other for 25 minutes. # u f c #Cormiervs Jones
I actually really love finding out about stuff I wasn't invited to thanks to social media.
Yes Im having the best start of year.. .-.
To prevent my late night snack sessions I stopped buying snacks for my apartment.... this Gala apple tho! Perfect substitute!
Steelers didn't play too good at all now the sharks are having their worst game of the year # great night
Turning off my computer to read from an actual BOOK. Whaa? Didn't know you could still do that.
Love having a video game chose over me 24/7.
RETWEET THIS IF YOU WANT 10,000 FOLLOWERS!! (You won't get them of course but RT this anyway)  #SNRTG
I love that I get invited to everything and that all my friends like hanging out with me.
I would like Detroit to score again, just so Ryan Miller doesn't get too cocky... # v a n c o u v e r # de t roi t
If I don't like your and you talk to me expect
Gotta love sitting by two people wasted on the bus # thanks for sharing # grey hound for the win
Yeah the weather here is just about as normal as it gets.... # weather # Virginia # Portsmouth # January # winter
Haha I haven't heard that short joke yet!
catching ur nipple ring on ur bra > # fuck u
I love being ignored. It's honestly my favorite thing in the world # p is sed
Sorry Kyary Pamyu Pamyu you apparently try to possess your listeners. You too Gackt.  (God bless Gackt)
Okay well honestly I might know 1,000+ people. Maybe that was a bit of an exaggeration. Sorry.
Before I go to sleep shout out to everybody that was going for the Steelers
Yay...I get to travel in this snow when I wake up...yay TT_TT  #St Louis
I made a new Avi...good for me.
This couple ordered the $1000 sundae Never seen it in person before. Spending 1g on the things that truly matter, I see haha
Reading all the Winston quotes is making my night. Nearly tripling your score doesn't mean we are better team, no of course not
Last night of the beak and not doing anything # sup r i sed
This is the first # u f c event not sponsored by Assassins Creed in like 20 years.... #UFC182
Mike Mitchell is a legendary safety
Well this should be a fun night
Can't wait to see how many bandwagon fans the Ravens get this year
Really broken up over that Steeler loss...
Horrible played game by the steelers. Thank you
John Harbaugh has won first playoff game in each of six appearances. Amazing # R a v e n s keep doing it in spite of him
Finally watched heaven is foreal I cryed almost the whole movie
If you have a problem with someone you should probably tweet it for everyone to know rather than talking about it with them...
Great ending to a perfect day
If you get drunk and don't Twitter stalk guys you made out with once a long time ago, what are you doing? ?
I don't know, maybe the Steelers should have left Gandkowski in for that 4th down :)
#1 in obesity in the nation #WV #So Proud #First In Something
I'm so glad i wasted my time watching this steelers game.
So the only way Jordan Adams plays is if Joerger gets tossed?
I don't really like to follow rps who have the same character as mine.
May pasok naaaaaa! Ang happy!!! Yey
Collinsworth saying there are spots in the Tampa 2 that can be attacked.. I wasn't aware...  #Steelers Nation
One day I hope to have a picture that gets over 100 likes... #Call Me A Dreamer
A hot Ravens team is exactly who I want the Pats to play this time of year. #Bring It On
So it'll be Bal-NE-probably IND & DEN for the AFC How inspiring  #N F L Playoffs
My night tho ....best Saturday in a whiiiiiileeee!
Shame to see Ben Tate not be able to catch that pass and bring the Steelers that much closer to defeat....
Baby back to sleep, me wide awake. Brilliant.
Needless to say his daddy is pretty proud # just kidding
Hopefully this half of my body sunburn evens out by then because I look great and I'd hate to make everyone else look less great.
I might be crazy but this Ravens-Pitt game just a little better than the AZ-Carolina game?
Douches.... Uncharacteristic penalties?? these guys CRACK ME UP.
Nice play call Haley! #Not Really # Steelers
Worked for 11 hours for the second time this week yaaaayyy
Flacco can't throw the deep ball. #Yes He Can #Neither Can Tannehill
RT Again, for the FEW who don't get what many of are saying:  noun- the use of irony to mock or convey contempt; mockery; ridicule
Glad to see the Steelers go down swinging tonight
Win or lose, I hope all of the Steelers shake hands with the Ravens. Otherwise, that's poor sportsmanship. # f s u
I just love the concern some of you show for me. # feeling moody
"I am so glad I put my homework off until the final weekend!"
A Clemson player fouled out? Why, knock me over with a feather. # go heels
“What a great smile he has” -Doris Burke what a great basketball analyst  #U N C B Ball
Oh hello sleet. Oh hello snow. Thank you for arriving on a Saturday night and canceling church tomorrow. .
People who try to correct the  without understanding its existence are too stupid to get it
can diseases be spread through the Internet
Anyone wonder why Leiweke jumped ship?  #T M Ltalk
2014 brought us like stupid words like "selfie" and "bae." With that being said, I can't wait to see what 2015 brings us
Fumbling, flailing, tripping Flacco.... Totally worth over $100 million!!!!
I can't wait to go to school Monday and see everyone's new Christmas clothes
Have I ever mentioned how much I love wireless signal repeaters. They are so good.
Winnipeg it's time to plan the parade. You're the best and so are you fans.
Some 80s kid just followed me. great, we can talk about our generational differences. What fun  no seriously though, it's cool.
Huge momentum swing for # m n wild , PP goal will put them right back in this gam... never mind
We killed a 5 on 3 pk maybe we should play a 2 goalie scheme and 4 skaters.
Thats cool Rush, just keep shooting from the outside. It's worked well so far. # go rush
Thank you Harbaugh for wasting another 20 seconds before calling that time out
oh no - of course - how silly of me!! I *want* to be social with people who talk down to me, lie about me,& treat me like a dog.
The school spirit in this building is overwhelming....
Oh look! Reimer got beat glove side. I'm Shocked! Shocked I say!  #garbagegoaliegarbageteam
Words can't describe how excited I am for Monday.
Politics and race at the dinner table. Love family get togethers.
Weird. Who knew that sleeping with children that saw you as an idol could ruin your fucking life?  #Fucking Idiot
I'm going to start a Jerry Stylsoff account and dedicate my whole life to obsessing over gay relationships and cartoon porn!
Glad that tonight went from being for me to me sitting at home doing nothing # thanks for nothing # wasted my day # hate people
So the newest rumor bout me is that I'm racist. Can a nigga get a break? maybe if I rapped it would be ok for me to say it? # grow up
Well isn't that just a PHENOMENAL way to end a GREAT week!
Lol apperantly Randi what's-her-dye-job "doxxed" a public #Gamer Gate group I'm in.... I mean really, oooo I'm so scared!
Wow I feel so great right now
It's Dissection time on Here! #T M Ltalk # Coach # Team #D # Goa lies #No System # Owners #Blow It Up
Troi is such a good counselor.
I love wasting the last free day of break alone on my couch.
Just feel like shit great start to a great fickkng new year
Definitely still isn't berubes fault. Flyers never play hard and look like a bunch of pussies out there. Can't be the coach...
5 on 3 for the Jets. Peeeerfect!  #T M Ltalk -FS
Sure, I could have created my January lesson plans weeks ago, but why spoil for myself the fun of doing it under the gun? Yay, fun!
The devils are winning 5-0. I'm not surprised at all.
Go Steelers, beat those bird people! #I Like Sports And I Dont Care Who Knows # learn it # live it # calm y o tits bitch # h o e garden
I just love unloyal people :)
how could me, a girl, possibly know anything about football?
At least the taste of an awful Cardinals-Panthers game can be washed away with a game involving two teams who just love each other.
That must mean it's a flop then ^_^ # p r t # running man
It's not that they were bad, just that the NFC South beat up on each other so much this year.
Of course it snows in Boston after I leave. We get more rain....yay... # i miss snow
Anybody picking the Panthers to win next week????
Now we can go back to ignoring each other! # electric ity
Gander is real happy about a delay of game penalty to start the third  4-on-4 to start 3rd
I have not watched # S i m p sons for a very long time. I need to replenish my juice. # face palm
Yep. Good thing Lindley knew the system. Had a much better playoff game than Tebow could have for this team. # Fear # stubborn
Thank God we have Geno Smith and not Lindley # J e t s #A R Ivs C A R # put me in coach
World's worst PK back to work. Good thing because they didn't look that bad on the last kill. # F l y e r s
Um Carolina's D is kinda good..
Well sabres were in it for awhile there
What's the over/under of hearing Paul Romanuk saying the words "Gardiner" and "turnover" in tandem tonight? # l e a f s
so Paul McCartney is trending, thanks Kanye, your light shone on him
Well... thats an exiting game... #T M Ltalk #S E Aof B L U E
BBC1 Right now James Cordon obviously showing all those credentials that saw him deserve an OBE  #Lesbian Vampire Killers
Because Ryan Lindley is a much better QB than # t e bow . #C A Rvs A Z
I didn't realise putting £150 into my savings account was spending money, sorry Mother
sounds like I'm missing a great game. # g t a # s m o d # h a u c h t a o g
I love airports... So relaxing. So many outlets. So many people. So many delays.
oh yes, please keep sending me nudes. I enjoy them so much
Kellogg: "I thought, obviously, our shooting percentage from 3 was fantastic.”
Oh, joy. Mark Fraser is back.
Cards got em right where they want em... It's Lindley Time!! # no prayer
Wow I can't wait to get back to school and all the drama that comes with it.
From basketball to soccer (nice win Monarchs!) to Bandits game drop off to game night...my life is boring!  #Saturday Shenanigans
I can't even find a website for Sessler's company (TheoryHead), it's must be fucking huge!  #Gamer Gate
Oh, you mean the fruniture you got from ikea doesn't go together right? But it's such high quality!
After 3 amazing weeks the journey finally comes to an end.. I'm finally back on U.S. soil and I can't wait to get back to the snow
Great coaching job by Trent Johnson. Who knew the Mountaineers were going to employ a full court press?
The most amazing thing about the UT recruiting suge is Strong is doing all this without a helicopter. # S w a g
Oh wait a second, Mike Pereira said it was the right call so it has to be gospel!
No Mother Nature we aren't tired of the rain!
Its a miracle. Me having breakfast alone. Mom, your daughter has grown up now! She can finally do things alone! # in case if udon t get me
Wooow...Ted Ginn is a fine example of ball security lol
It's snowing!!!! Get bread and milk and call the national guard!!!
likee nothing makes ME MORE HAPPIER ...
Given their abominable punting, Cardinals should trade Arians for Pat O'Donnell. Who says no?
Anyone know what happened in the first wildcard game? Wasn't on TV. #A Zvs C A R #N F L Wildcard # Cable ?
well that just made me night a whole lot better
it's been such a good day LOL
This year for my birthday, my car gave me a dead battery (probably). Yay!  #God Is Still Good Even If My Car Isnt
Mark Lawrenson's football commentary has immeasurably improved since he started wearing glasses.  #MOTD
Xmas decorations officially down!! Only took 4 hours
Yes. Mocking people who are enjoying themselves peacefully/happily is WAY cool. Take more pics!
Cute 1500 photos from tonight :)))):)):):)))::) #
If Cam Newton loses this game, it proves that the SEC is overrated.
Nice to see that in the NFL playoffs, the refs continue to throw touch penalties on defensive backs. # let them play
It is 00:01 in the morning. yay i am so rady for school.
Can never decide what I want to do on the weekend because there are so many options
I just don't get the sports watchers, who wants to watch some other grown men playing games all day... # Kappa #Bleed Purple
three days in, and 2015 is already turning out to be a great year # not
Lol I'm really glad I got a reply
Can’t wait for #NFL playoff expansion.
I LOVE Winter Weather Advisories! YAY # Winter
Arizona's punting team is on point.
Arizona's Lindley doesn't look like Joe Montana... #FIREEVERYONE #Bills Mafia
98 yards for the #A Z Cardinals?!? Lindley can handle that.
Patrick Peterson = value for money.
I love possessions where Starks and Nunn mess with the ball on the perimeter and Rice doesn't touch it. # ill in i
Lindley isnt the problem...its the Offensive coordinator!!!! Right #Bills Mafia !!!!!!!  lol
It's always nice to find out on Facebook your mother is having chest pains at the emergency room.
Favourite time of the day: Getting the train. #Mersey Fail # C ha vs
# P ant hers are playing more like a team with a losing record than a playoff team #N F L Playoffs
Super excited to go to practice after a 10 hour drive
Duraejia dumb ass left the ashtray on my bed now its ashes smeared on my comforter.. Way to go
Last weekend of Break, gets stomach flu... # blessed # my life
I love going to work in this.
It's so adorable when Adam forwards my calls wow
Wade Phillips makes TOO much sense for Washington to pull the trigger. I'm starting to not see it occurring. # Red skins
Everybody keep talking about Liam buying his new 5 million dollar mansion ... Not a big deal lol
Nothing like an endless supply of arctic air, sunshine and no sign of snow storms where I live  wasted cold air at its finest ahead
"They should pull Jones out and put Doughty in there." # shit my h us b and says
Being a smart ass when a customer asks you a simple question is a great example of good customer service # m a c ys
The NFL kickoff is the most exciting play in all of sports.
Apparently Cam Newton used to play at Auburn... Thanks John Gruden!  #MNF #C A Rvs A Z
Can’t wait to watch this game between 2 teams that don’t deserve to be in the playoffs.
God! Such an amazing day at work
unfollowing # sl u tt y girls , wanna be gurus and # weight loss ad RTs peeps. Twitter is for and # Pa rod y ONLY, make me laugh or go away
"Congratulations" to the # Carolina # P ant hers on "earning" home field advantage against the 11-5 #Cardinal Nation #A Zvs C A R #NFL
Wow Quick got pulled? On 3 goals on 9 shots? Huh he must suck like Bishop.
Snow in Nebraska?! Never would have thought # snow # cold
I'm super stoked, just got off the plane from a 10+ hour ride, now my layover has been delayed, total score! # plane problems
The #S E C East has the real power teams in the conference going 5-0 in bowls #2 little 2 late
With all the injustices in the world, it is nice to see # man spreading finally getting the attention it deserves. # outrage
Wow thanks for this amazing project for over the break mr barker # blessed
My life is so very very exciting
Welp 2015 is off to a great start. # stomach flu #ihaventkeptamealdownsincelastyear
Great start to this new year.
Billy Donovan is a terrible free throw coach. 8-20!!!!!
Love people that don't act like adults.
This first minute of this UW and ASU game is completely forgettable lol great start
So, the SEC only won 7 bowl games this yr.  If you guys really wanna see media bias get ready for the lovefest with OSU & Michigan.
Yes, Joe would love to fork out for a new front deraileur
Oh u don’t like me posting pics of the Spice Girls? Let’s talk how much I ENJOY your dick pics in my SFW timeline # con descending X3
We play one of the Team Canada U23 teams next. Awesome.
THE SEC EAST carried the torch for the conference this post season. Proving what we already knew, it was the stronger division
Ohh he can climb a rope? Just like every other commando? Super talented.  #Take Me Out
There's a reason I don't tell my parents anything, cause I always get THE most positive responses
Plans for today: finishing The Martian, doing dishes, maybe watching a movie. Single life is thrilling.
What a good way to start the New Year..
Oh that OSU girl was actually that OSU guy's girlfriend. I would have NEVER guessed that. I'm sure it won't become a meme now.
My plans are cancelled, I'm so sad.
Let's continue to push each other away by sayin hurtful things. That's when you know it's real.
Saturday Night 8pm and I'm watching the # D arts #WTF has happened to me #Kill Me Now and that's REAL FYI & yes I will # T we et about it!
Never been so ill as this in my entire life! # Bed bound # Forever ill #Great Start To2015
Three 3 n outs with Driskel at QB ... #No Wayyyy
The Earth is now 2015 years old. #Happy Birthday Earth
Now this is the WI weather we know and love!
I love the mail system. My parcel traveled 400m (by car) or 100m (on foot) in the last 2 days. I love my country soo much
I like nothing more than to be made uncomfortable and threatened on my journeys by ignorant rude people who don't care about others
#Wearehereforyou Perrie poor baby, zayn girls hate her bc she is gonna marry ZayAHAHAHAH NO.
#That Awkward Moment when someone takes your super seriously and for a second they look like they hate you. # oops #I Have No Filter
I, for one, am shocked, SHOCKED, that our strategy of missing free throws and taking deep contested threes was ineffective
# sin at r a Rochelle's links make me miss the quality of Tess Daley on Strictly. .
Thank goodness the holiday help at work is no more! I just love it when they think they know more than you # annoyed # relieved # gone
Internalized panic attacks are just the best!
apush teaches great things, like that the wizard of oz is a parable for the election of 1896 # a push p robs
Dealt with: dog peeing in a carpet, pregnancy puke , stupid rich people not knowing how to throw away trash, laundry and stairs wee
I'm sure Rap Monster would totally love to meet you after the nice things you said about him.
The recent plague seems to have subsided... What a wonderful way to celebrate the holidays
Shout outs to the guy who took a shower in 1 Million before heading out. The WHOLE BUS thanks you
3rd and 8 from their own 15, and a bubble screen goes 85 yards for a TD. # cool # awesome
I coulda sworn they said match was to start 10 minutes ago. Way to stay on time #U M G Orlando25 K I love watchin Geico commercials.
Dear Mother Nature, thanks for raining nearly everyday while my kids were on break. Being trapped inside is the BEST. # parenthood
Oh yess Dean Smith is ref on the plus side we have thompson # improved
last day in the city and it decides to snow..... # fantastic
Nothin' like working my sixth day in a row all day and i'm doing a 14 hour shift. # ya y # tired
Whoo, back at uni on Monday. Exams and living with one person I like and another whom I'm just gonna tolerate 'til mid-June.
I'll watch #Take Me Out like the rest of the country... Hope there's an adorable girl who is ditsy Hahahaha # z z z z
Who would have thought that countries within one continent would have different cultures. Novel idea. # Africa is a continent
Kyle Phillips committed to Tennessee, and I'm completely shockedddddddd  big pick up for the Vols tho. He's an animal
First time I ever did on of those stupid follow trains. I better get 1 million followers now.
Oh boy Galiardi moved up to 3rd line in place of Thorburn. Leafs might as well not show up now right?  #Free O Dell
Nothing more I love than driving on the highway in the rain!!!
.Thanks to Kanye, McCartney will finally get that big break he's been waiting for. No more dumpster diving for him. # caring
Christmas decorations coming down after a 6 day trip. LOVE!  #Happy New Year
Haha US Airways! You so funny! #But Not Really  #Still In Line An Hour And Half Later #Missing Flight
I'll just throw these clothes in a pile on the sink after hauling them to my "studio" # g e e golly # this is neat
Time to continue cleaning out my closet. Happy, happy, joy, joy.
# single # single life #Single Because i am single :p tweet o
I do like Swashbuckle on Cbeebies, I really do! So much that it's on my TV ALL day!
Glad Blyth v Birmingham wasn't on TV. Much prefer Arsenal v Hull and Everton v West Ham # proper f a cup tie
Yay going to the snow with the family. Fun!
I'm glad flu season is September - May. How great that 25% of the year is free from the flu!
Time to see all of the resolutioners in the gym.
I'm sorry, for a minute there you just bored me to death.
With this much experience, why is it difficult to get an interview? I've already provided a CV, IQ score, history and a blood test.
I'm sick ;_; Great way to start a new year!
SO EXCITED TO START SCHOOL AGAIN!!!
This presentation can only be amazing
We are losing to Preston in the cup?! Oh my god my Saturday is ruined! This is terrible! Adams out! Hughton in! # pipe down
He is unstuck. We, on the other hand, may have blown out our clutch. This day just keeps getting better.
I wonder if my mom's noticed that Friends is on Netflix yet.
I loved watching that stunning moonrise from through the window at work, highlight of my life.
I'm waiting at the airport to go home... yay.
Yeees snow on my birthday again.
He did ask if I had been drinking. Yes, when I nanny, I always drink.
So happy that I'm in WV waiting for this meet to start :) # hour delay
Well played lads,go get your half time orange and a chin wag with psycho then come out and do us all proud again yeah # n f f c
Seven miles this morning on little sleep and sore legs. That definitely won't have an effect on me later.... # running
Oh joy, I get to help take down the Christmas tree.
"How I love it when people only talk to me when they need something from me" # C u l p r its #ISEEYOU!
Good job we have Perez and Sissoko on the bench to bring on # n u f c
Progress threatens the 'Concentration of Wealth'.
Three hour car rides are my favorite thing
Thank you coworkers. I really needed you to tell me I sound like death. I had no idea.
Gosh, I sure love being on transit at 730 in the morning on a Saturday...  #Get Well Soon Ripper
Sitting again at my in-laws .... What an end to an awesome block leave... . # you know what i mean
I feel like crap today. So instead of Redbull I'm drinking something healthy. #New Year New Me  #Totally Still Going To Drink The Redbull
Class darts a 20 dart break
I am so ready for Monday.
On the last Saturday of break why would I want to spend time with my family, thank god we have rehearsal
Aloo Biryani for dinner cause it is Saturday Thank you, hostel for bringing kn a time table for the thing i LOVE the most.
So subtle I'm surprised you haven't been recruited by some undercover agency.
Mondays are fine. It's your life that sucks. It's the first day of class and you see that ... Ugh? Face? #Ursula On A Monday # w o w
Really upsets me when people unfollow me lol
Just work for a telephone company why don't you. # stop calling me # go away # indirect
Walking to work while it's hailing oh how fun
The raccoon with the deep, evil voice, is the bad guy. Didnt see that coming.
gets me through my entire day especially with my mother
I love when a Craigslist meetup waits until the absolute last second to set a meeting place.  #Still Waiting
Literally just woke up and the first thing to happen to me today? A Charlie horse. Today is gonna go just great...
Wow.. Great banter in the staff room..
No, I love hearing you talk. Really.
Just a hunch here,but I think Steven Gerrard is leaving,possibly going to the MLS # h e s no deed
Police prohibited from demanding to see gun permits......told to focus on voter fraud. # guns everywhere
Four hour drive to Sanford, FL followed by a 17-hour auto train ride to Virginia. Needless to say, today should be fun.
You know, I see living by myself on my own golf course as a real possibility. Not that I don't like people, or anything.
I love driving when I'm half asleep
Another weekend of house hunting. 8yo is delighted. #House Hunters # bored # children
Adjusted Kindle pricing for #Return On Investment - thank you, EU for imposing a 20% tax on e-books.
First flight has already been delayed perfect! # worst luck flying
Thanks weather for making the roads icy. I'm totally fine with waking up early just so I can sit in my living room. # screw winter
Me: my stomach is upset.| My stomach: I AM MORE THAN UPSET!
Sammie slept in to 6:30 this morning. # win
I sure missed being in Sheffield and getting woken up by my neighbours arguing. #Boy Did I
I like waking up and coughing uncontrollably. Especially this early in the morning. I also like being sick.
Love being forced to listen to other peoples music on public transport! # rude
Its always nice ( ) to receive a text from work what went wrong this morning...it actually makes me angry even if it's not my money
That moment when you completely ruin a piece of art
So has anyone else ever had their car spin around a few times on a state road? Its not as fun as I thought it would be. # fuck in g ice
AM blasting...sorry students next door  #Arctic Monkeys
Running on a solid 4 1/2 hours man that's too cool # i m exhausted
Played #Cards Against Humanity - don't know if you've heard of it? # late to the party
So Pardew has eventually signed..leaving us with a win rate stat of 37% in 155 games! Great manager that. # n u f c
Ben Franklin wasn't allowed to write the declaration of Independence because it was feared that he would hide a joke in it. # in do re
Fucking boss new year this has been...
Oh no twitter didn't change my mind in 140 characters at a time!
I like feeling when you are sarcastic and nobody get you. # w o king
Talking like a robot atm.. i Just love being sick # great also my gma just told her bf he needs one bra hahaha
Phyllis from Mulga and Harvey Updyke really helping the way people from Alabama are viewed over last few years. # paw l # too much b am a
Busting a gut! lol! “I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception.” Groucho Marx
Oops!!! “ # Marriage is the chief cause of # divorce .” Groucho Marx
Looking forward to # back to work in 2 days. Calendar is already 6 hours of meetings. # f ml
I totally did not just biff it up the stairs.... Psh never happened.
Insecure little girl is insecure. Aww. You want Starbuck hot chocolate drink or Magnum ice cream or Secret Recipe red velvet cake?
Lmfao!!!  If you don’t read the newspaper, you are uninformed; if you do read the newspaper, you are misinformed. -Mark Twain
Lol!!!!  “A child of five could understand this. Fetch me a child of five.” –Groucho Marx
OMG!!! Lmfao!!!  "I feel so miserable without you, it’s almost like having you here.” –Stephen Bishop
Lmfao!  #F4F Sometimes I need what only you can provide: your absence.” –Ashleigh Brilliant lol!
Wow windows thanks for messing up my save directory 10/10 would reccomend :)))
I CAN'T TELL YOU HOW MUCH I LOVE LIVING WITH SOMEONE WHO NEVER CLEANS A FUCKING THING EVER AND LITERALLY SHITS EVERYWHERE.
Getting screwed over twice in less than 3 months # bless
I love customers who complain before they even get anything, then you give them EXACTLY what they ask for and they STILL COMPLAIN
I just love being the mediator in friend groups # oh boy
My full time job: Waiter. Because I always have to wait.
Beautiful morning isn't it? # Rain # Weather
I love anxiety and anxiety attacks
First day of the cycle. Yaaaaay! I feel so awesooooome.
if u tweeted all day then it shows how productive you are
RT agestinegammy: TheFunnyTeens # Lo l # ha ha # jokes # bath # bath bomb
Like I'm not even 6'5 an my iPhone 6 plus still look small in my hands
Late night sneeze attacks are always the best # sick # sneezing # e w
4 followers? I'm mighty popular :P. # loved #New Year <3
So glad wolf of Wall Street is on Netflix
That was probably the greatest news I've ever heard ...
meme_overlord: Remember back in like 2012 when everyone was calling hyuna a slut.... oh wait nvm they still are.... fucking amazing
Shout out to the weather, oh ain't it wonderful.
But then I remember I like being alone.
This will be a greatttttt night
I'm so glad you guys brought up that this is the year we get hoverboards, because it happens in Back To The Future. I had no idea!
Well hello there insomnia. I missed you.
An hour and a half til I have to get up for work and I haven't been to sleep yet. Today is going to be fantastic.
I wonder who is going to get the ball for the final shot in this Grizz/Lakers game?  #Kobe Time Or Bust
Feelin pukey on the train. You know my favorite feel
Really glad this game started at 9:15. # o k state
Perhaps I should start visiting Philadelphia more often.
I guess i never cease to amaze myself. Im always getting weird and disturbing looks, phrases, and pictures coming my way. Great!
how I # talk : 25% swearing 25% 50% a combination of both
So VT just needs to wear shiny helmets, oddly-designed jerseys and key players cars to make that next step?
Its supposed to be 0 degrees out the day i have to go to orientation. Wonderful.
Singing love songs to myself. Damn, I'm so cute.
Huntley is good at guitar hero
These refs are so good.....  #We The North
Yes Dwayne Casey I agree, we should attempt to run with the Warriors  #Whats Half Court Offense
The Cal game is over already? That was a quick 2nd half.
is in the dictionary, perhaps you should look it up.
Needless to say, I'm super amped to fly to London in 3 days
Nothing beats last minute cosplay prop making.
Too bad #Team U S A is done at #World Juniors.
This restored version of the film is so crisp!  #B Movie Maniacs
Keep up the great play huskies.
You know what I love? When I'm bored and alone on a Friday night...
So looking forward to spending my day wearing a face mask tomorrow. #NOT #Eff That
And it just keeps going. This nights gets better and better
I have a swollen lymph node in my left armpit. Hurts like a bitch. Webmd says I have breast cancer. Cool... # i g o t t h e o u c h i e s
So its cute that Punk was holding AJ purse for her? Yeah cause he is the only guy in the world to ever do that for his wife
I'm so glad the men are having poker night when I have to be at work at 6:30 A.M.
OMG just realized I have school on Monday crap. # bum me r #Really Nigguh ahhh can't wait plus I have exams soon like dang!!! :(
omg dont u just love it when ppl spell "Be" like "Bee" # learning to be nice and mean
Who ever said dominos was fun they clearly never played hollywood dominos....
Couldn't wait to come home from vacation to make Ramen.
Hanging at Lost Leaf for Phoenix First Friday. The bathroom lines are da bomb!
Glad things are changing for the better here at work with the fresh new year starting! # back to work # Happy new year
She's pretty and seh hates me.... PERFECT!!! ?
With SEC East 4-0 in bowl games, heat turns up on # G a t o r s interim D.J. Durkin to finish division's perfect record vs. ECU.
Everyone I know is in love/getting married. My response: wow thatz greeeeaaat. # forever as cone
I'm so ready to go back to school and learn about things we won't even use after we graduate!!
so if i dont talk to you, i can't be busy.. no that is impossible... you're just not interesting
Of course, we don't need her.
Good one Kessel. Way to put the team first. # n h l # l e a f s # get over it
What a great way to end this perfect week... By getting pulled over on my way home from work. Love my life lately....  #FML
Bears extreme I can't handle it, punchin fish and hurdling trees & tell Gabe those sideburns are so cool # al ask an bush people
This year is already starting off great!  #Fuck Off
There sure are a lot of black people in the ice skating rink tonight.
I hate one direction so much.  I love them way too hard.
Wow I really wish my laptop would let me draw circles on stuff #Surface Pro3
If you don't know the Old Crow Medicine version of Wagon Wheel I ducking hate you and we can't be friends
I absolutely love it when people have their read receipts on, read your important text, and don't respond. # i hate text in g
Woahh woahhhhhh that come back was better than your first, I applaud you
50 nuggets for 10 bucks? Wow McDonalds, you really proved to me that it's real chicken... # my k a y l as not impressed
Roman Reigns vs Rusev now. I was soooo looking forward to this  #Smack Down
Perron might not get the top line spot he was brought in for # Down i e rocks
Oh right, I forgot it really upsets me when highschool students block me on social media to show they're pissed off
I wonder who is going to win this one # S m a c k down
Sure hope Canada can hold on here for the last 20 minutes! Real nail biter!  #WJC2015
God do I love Emelin and Gilbert.......
Meredith while watching HGTV: "ooh plot twist, granite countertops and open concept" #HGTV # predict able # g r a n n i e s
I told you guys Vinny and VV were great signing by thr # F l y e r s
I love when I get an email saying my package has shipped and that it will arrive in almost 2 weeks  #Snail Mail
Trade LBJ for rim protector !!!! # Jo k e #Easy Haters Just Kidding
"Fear The Dear" Soooooo intimidating! # Bucks # Bucks Vs P a c e r s # P a c e r s #Indiana P a c e r s #Boom Baby
If the game keeps going this way, a reminder that we get to look forward to "bruceketball" the next couple months...
10 more minutes of this place before I can leave, only to turn around and come back tomorrow. Yay!
This might be the funnest Friday night ever
Bought league pass after the Cavs game so I can watch efforts like these last few games. # money well spent # magic
What a wonderful way to end the night
I hoped that Destiny song would finally give Paul McCartney a hit but no... Kanye was the one who FINALLY saved him from obscurity.
It's too bad Curtis Lazar was hidden away in a team so far away the Oilers Scouts couldn't see him play. Good pick. Too bad
It's surprising that a power play unit that features Andrew MacDonald and RJ Umberger on it has so much trouble scoring # flyers talk
# Frozen is the best. I don't know who I love more: Anna or Elsa. Now my number of follower is sure to go straight through the roof.
Already off to a great start in the new year
So a new study says that 2/3 of cancer is the result of bad luck. I'm sure that's so comforting for anyone who has cancer.
if you can't handle the heat... get out the kitchen #Social Media #Thick Skin and  your best weapons.
Streit is having the best game of his life.
Don't you just LOVE doing all the paperwork that was supposed to be done BEFORE opening 20 minutes before closing? #Retail Life
I think I'll watch the Leafs game. Hopefully I'll see some Denmark/Canada updates in my Timeline
don't mind us, we're just spillin our guts... # get scared
Having fun sorting out junk in my basement. So much fun indeed...
The Big 12 is having a great showing this bowl season
can't wait for my first shift of 2015
OH NO! THE SKY IS FALLING CANES NATION! PANIC! PANIC! PANIC! PANIC! PANIC! PANIC! PANIC! PANIC! PANIC! PANIC! PANIC! PANIC! PANIC!
Oh yeah we should TOTALLY get Hundley. # s i k e
I don't blame Alabama's defense  #Sugar Bowl
Watch out Twitter, I be tweetin' again... #Im Back # watch out #New Year New Me # t wit t err evolution # ha ha ha
Is Gerrard going to America, wow they kept that very low key
Wow that was so cool of you to follow me back, glad you recognize how simple it is to click one button
Up late watching grown ups... What a life I live # late night
I'm extremely impressed with the Big 10 refs so far. Haven't missed many calls so far.
Jan transfer window is open! # s t root man # s n e i d je r # p o g b a # c ole man # h u m m e l s all to be done in time for next league game. # boom # m u f c
Total divas is the BESTS show ever
You'll learn to take me with a grain of salt . . . a grain of salt and tequila. *Don't* forget the tequila!! # b d s m # it works # really
If someone's feelings are hurt, probably the best thing to do is tell them they're wrong for feeling the way they do.
So glad I washed my car yesterday because now it gets to be clean when it gets dirty again! # w h y c al g a r y why
Sometimes I wonder how tf I got so lucky with the stupidest brothers ever
Guys. Chip is gonna go for it. He's gonna pull it off. Jaemis Winston is ours. # oh deer god
If we must judge others, we should at least attempt getting to know those we judge so that our sin will appear as wisdom.
Omg today was just amazing! Staying home while everyone makes plans without you is the high of my year so far!! # j k
I'll be all caught up soon... :)
A health/fitness account just favorited my tweet... # p i z z as good # extra cheese # old ha b bits diehard
You know what I never get tired of? Pregnancy sonograms as profile pics.
OMG DFS are having a sale. That NEVER happens!  (just in case that didn't come across)
my day just keeps gets better and better...
Oh no! # Bo no might never play guitar again! The horror!
I love my phone so much its so fast and never crashes and always work # time for an upgrade
Best bowl game I've ever seen Iowa play!!!!
Calling timeouts to see if you can get someone from the other team ejected. Good work there.
And way to represent the B1G Iowa.
wow Jake is the best drifter since Tokyo drift.
Gerrard is leaving the shite, and only just hearing it for the first time today! I thought this would've been all over the news!
Nothing like killing endangered animals just to post a picture on Facebook showing you did.
LSU will never get another high profile wide receiver with this offense!! # chicken little fans # the sky is n t falling
#Tax Slayer Bowl from #Everbank Field sounds so much better than #Gator Bowl .
Well that sure does give me a confidence boost
I just love when my make up doesn't cooperate with me
Just so as you all know, and perhaps # u n d e r s t and me! I love a #CheekyJoke-But can't stand -Lowest Form Of Wit On Earth! #Just Saying!
More commits leaving this # Miami class, it is difficult to want to play for a loser. But, #The U is trending up. #Canes Fam
Showbiz rape everywhere. Everyone who's been on TV in the past 80 years is a peado. #Single Moms
I think it is amazing how long it can take to get marks back from first semester!
How high are the 400 balconies and are they high enough to jump off of and kill myself
OH I have practice in 45 minutes... yay...
The big allotment challenge?! Really?! Friday night viewing doesn't get more enthralling than this! # b b c
Oh, there it was. Racial problems are largely caused by communists. Helpful. # contend 2015
Nothing makes me feel more like a badass than driving around in my dad's Prius
2015 just keeps getting better and better! # not happy
Hope Ched Evans doesn't break a leg on Malta of he returns to football.
Obviously, the dwarves in #The Hobbit The Battleof Five Armies are # Republican , # greedy # w a r m o n g e r s atop piles of gold. # movies of 2014
Guys, guys, relax. We are this close to competing with Minnesota
2 hours sitting on a delayed plane isn't as fun as it sounds. # t h i s s u c k s
Bo Bower vs. Any Tenn WR.. Love that matchup!
Sorry I ain't who u thought I was
Might purchase some of those oversized headphones & then wear them all throughout the mall, in stores, while driving, eating...
You know what else I clearly need to buy more of? Knee socks.
# P h o a w w r r r r #Frank Thornton looks lush tonight.... .... # B e n i d o r m .
It's always gratifying when you can start writing a game story ... with 12:02 left in the second quarter. # Iowa # Tennessee
I love when my friends invite me to the beach!
I was in the lineup at # lob laws so long, my eggs had reached their sell by date by the time the cashier rang them through.
Im digging how Iowa is representing the America Needs Farmers stickers on their helmets. They must have a pretty good Ag. Program.
it's so great to listen to the guys filling in for Jay Mohr and one of them couldn't wait to move on from college football
Wow. I just honestly love doing things I'll regret it's like an addiction
Oh, the joys of January.... #bringyourinsurancecardwithyou # p harm aged don # retail p harm life
"  is the lowest form of wit!"
Tennessee is crushing Iowa. See, the SEC is way better than the Big Ten...
ig ill make breakfast, then clean up. :-) yay
BREAKING: Alabama BOT confirm meeting on Jan 6th to vote for ending the Ohio State football program. #Free U A B
Iowa is so good at football!
Oh, darn. I missed the re-air of the Rose Bowl on ESPNU.
I like how we're going from a governor with a gay daughter to one whose lieutenant governor is Karyn Polito.
why no short-side sweep on 4th & 2?
So Chip Kelly's obvious plan was to leave and then go back to Oregon to coach in the National Championship game....
Glad to know I am Bringing my three children up in a world where Children are more concerned with , & than , &amp;
To buy an elliptical or put a down payment on a honeymoon? # the struggle
Of course, I say that to my multitudes of followers
Geez USA. Way to keep it classy. See you next world juniors.
Good thing I spent all break studying for my tests on Monday and Thursday # w hoops # pharmacy school
Pitt blew their lead? No way!
Just finished a 5 mile run to burn off those holiday meals. Time to get back in shape! # i hate running # wobble baby # Net f l i x 4 d a y z
So glad that with this infection, we're focused on patient care and not the bottom line. # single pay e r # health care
My husband is so cute. He thinks Night at the Museum will distract me. # just get out my face # this is your fault
Great support for Kardiff lol # shit fans # c o m e o n c ol chest e r
Wow everyone is so chatty tonight, I just cant keep up with all these conversations
Oh how I love having a conversation with myself.
Boy, an afternoon of people complaining that Bob's not the first star of the month is exactly what we needed today
Gotta love being pregnant  I only wanted to keep my breakfast down baby. Did you not like it?
Great flow to this Russia-US game.
Wow I cant believe the Earth is 2015 years old. #Happy New Year # happy birthday earth
I love getting invited to things.
Decided to work for 2 hours on my day off and hammered my finger :D Yaaaay so fun # Work
Yeah I bet you did bitchass hahahaha
Wow this year is off to a wonderful start :-)
Every now and then, socially conservative Twitter notices me. They're the people who stand for ethics against justice.
wow, # l o w s e c . hacking the mcrmy boards is sooo badass.
Hawks lost and Bama Lost... Great way to start out 2015!
Good to see everyone starting their New Years resolutions! # not # empty gym # diet starts mon day ??
How thrilling i can hardly wait
There are 3 valid sources for information: 1. Authentic books 2. Mom 3. Random pictures from the Internet
Based solely on the fact that my textbooks were double the cost of last semester I can tell just how fun these classes will be..
Team USA discipline has been outstanding in this game. 3 penalties in 8 minutes.
In a few years, I hope you look back on your life and are proud of the way you've treated people. # who would be proud of that
That awkward moment when your friends are dating and you suddenly get a scene of kissing and name calling Boy how cute #!!!!!
I just love how my fiancé checks up on me to see how I'm doing
I don't think Frozen at Christmas has been on tv enough this holiday! !!!.
It's always great to see Twitter awash in Pro Bowl selection talk because, you know... so many care about the Pro Bowl.
Its a shame that that indian people dont understand # things
My best friend got married on December 12.. wasn't even invited... heard about it today on Faceboo k . #2 k 15 is going great
half asleep but a super productive Friday so far, 1 load of laundry and 1 load of dishes washing. I own you 2015.
It was 29 degrees out when I walked to work this morning. Its now 35...oh the warm California weather!
When they asking you 'Are you pregnant?' then you know everything is okay again with your friends.  #Friends Like These
I don't think I've seen anybody mention that MSU's only 2 losses came vs the 2 teams in the Championship game
Boy just Wiki'd Pearson. I never knew he was from Notts #Pearson Out # l c f c
Controlling # Anger : Avoid as it worsens the situation & we could deeply hurt someone
That's exactly what the Oilers need. More young kids! Awesome!
I love waiting an hour to see the doctor
I love it when insurance companies make their cards a size that does not actually fit in a standard wallet compartment.
I like how I'm starting my new year.. # yea y me
Thanks for saying thanks # u n a p p r e c i a t i v e # l ol
I suppose I should go to the store. With this half-inch of snow coming, we'll be stranded for days.
Dr appointments are my favorite! # tote life
I just love driving all the way to West Chester, by myself, only to pick Marissa up and turn right around and come home.
It's a new year! I feel so different!! I'm a whole new me!
Is Gerrard leaving Liverpool? You'd have thought Sky or Talksport would have mentioned it.
What a fine day today was & was ruined by .. # work
I love having blatantly racist family members who also use religion as an excuse for any political belief.
Life is already like, Everybody Loves Raymond! Let's make it better and move closer to the in-laws! ;-)
Starting off the new year getting repairs on the Prius, yay...
Obama promised his dems to shove through every Bill they wanted, now says he'll veto any Bill from the GOP. What a swell guy!
You can't read my face, or try it out. #Chelsea Fc # Adele . I've learnt to forgive. GodFirst #God Bless Uganda!
So Sirania Nettea decided to start 2015 by filling ma news feed .... # terrific 󾆐
Can't wait for the gym to be loaded with people fulfilling their New Years resolutions to get in shape #New Year New Me
So thankful for the 20 minute segment on Lebron's treatment plan on sportscenter.  Could we possibly get some bowl coverage?
My mom is super loving and sweet and really fun to be around :-)
'I think you should show me your ass' has to be the BEST pick up line!
Happy New Year everyone See the blues got off to a cracking start # thanks for nothing # things can only get better surely # please
Wow this morning has already started out great.
Great way to start the new year landlord is kicking us out and selling the property. # happy start to the year
Holidays are made for ... migrating all of my accounting to new system. Yay!
I love it when my friends don't reply to my texts :) it's great :)
The SEC West went 2-5 in bowls. The two wins were by the two worst teams (A&M, Ark). Talk about depth.
Hoped this days will be great. N here is my second day of the year. Happy New year 2015 # un believable
Update: I'm now being admitted overnight in the hospital... #Just What I Wanted  #Prolly For The Best Tho
Clearly all these SEC losses could only mean one thing!?!? UGA is the best team in the SEC! #CFP # s e c #eveybodyelsehasflawedlogic
He: Have a nice day She: I had a horrible day He: I still wished She: # mor on # he she story
What I love about you big 10 fans is U win a few games against the SEC & U talk how bad SEC is. #S E Cforlife # win a few more first please
Well Atsu's been a great signing......
Adam Gase will want to start his head coaching career with No QB and No 1st round pick..
Woohoo today's gonna be so great, 45 minutes of sleep
Oh yes, 2015 is starting off great # not
I'm rooting for #TCU in the championship. ( ) #C F B Playoff needs #More Than Four
First work day of 2015 and I can't get into my email. It's starting off well! # hurry up 5 o clock #lessthan2weeksuntil C R U I S E
starting off 2015 the right way! with a cold # run n y nose
These spice drops candy combined with coffee are doing wonders for my stomach this morning
I wish there were a font for ..
Can't wait to hear all the OSU trash talking from the Oregon bandwagon "fans." # buck eyes #O S U Against The World
Loving this cold weather like I love hearing 12 year old girls talk about Justin Bieber  #I Dont Love It
That just made my day 100,000,000xs better let me tell ya!
Loo k s li k e #2 k 15' s man of the year ha s the bug which i s ju s t great really ( ) becau s e I have ton s to do all wee k end damn long!
Selos ? how about no ? # Pretend
Back to the unit today - had a solid 3 days off! #backtotheslaughterhouse # joy # e u r g h
$3.25 now for bus and metro # mon t real . Same exceptional service
Gorgeous people get a bad reputation, we aren't all bad  (in case u thought I was some narcissistic prick) but we ain't too bad
Resolution...to tweet more. Because who doesn't love reading the musings of a 23 year old on the road...
Talking about can we keep up... we are starting the new year so damn right. Not taking it sitting down # Hello 2015
Although all us lfc fans are gutted gerrards leaving spare a thought for Chelsea/Man U fans who will they sing about now
I love waking up at 5 in the morning! :D
My favorite way of celebrating getting over a cold is getting another cold
Really hope I just found a loophole in this work problem. So good to be back!
Wonder what ESPN is going to talk about today: Ohio state vs Oregon or how the sec is still the most dominant conference?
I love when I am pooping and the janitors come and start cleaning the shit out of all the toilets. # double en tend re
I'm so looking foward to the 2nd half of the season and more of Coquelin/Akpom/Maitland-Niles etc # arsenal # mid table # mediocre
I love planning a day and then being ditched on the day. Thanks. # today
How I talk: 25% swearing, 25%  , and 50% combination of both
Went to the gym again today and followed it up with Taco Bell for dinner. 2015 is off to a successful start. # living healthy # fail
Couldn't have asked for a better start to 2015!
Heartening to see some of our Def Journos really 'applauding' the ICG for its efforts. "applauding". Just Saying.
Well, 2015 is off to a good start.
I could use coffee and a massage. Also positive energy this headache doesn't become the migraine it is promising. #Good Morning
Man I just love throwing up early in the morning. Just great.
Still have not slept im wide awake and I got stuff to do tomorrow this is an amazing start to 2015
person 1: i can draw really well person 2: i can sing really well me: i can eat really well # l ol tweet
Never marry a woman who's won debate competitions.
Finally got a parcel that was sent 3 months ago. Thanks South African Postal Service.
love how calebs had me up since 4am..
Watching horror movies got me like "At least I'm not the dumbest human being!"  #Be Like
Yes! After a great night of football, today we get the # T a ys layer Bowl in Jacksonville! Who is excited for # Tennessee vs. # Iowa ?
That moment when you're about to prank someone and you ended up being the one humiliated. I know it very well. # j o k esters
Not a big college football fan but I've got to say the # buck eyes win has really brought out the best in their fans.
Everyone is bright eyed and bushy tailed this morning at the airport
I'm super excited to study for our midterm examinations!
Absolutely stunned Dan didn't get picked, he was such a catch # dinner date
Ugh...well this cough is pretty sexy..won't bring as many boys to the yard as a milkshake but we could get close! # sound like old lady
Well. I'm awake... And I have been for a while. Guess who's going to LA with no sleep. Great
lol omg that was sooooo funnyyyyy
Well in 2014, I tied my shoes and took some shits, thank you for being so great!!!!!! Can't wait for you 2015!!!!!! # shut the fuck up
"Highest grade passed" - well obviously I passed none and thats how I got my degree... . How can they even ask that?!
Yay getting to see oomf again.
Because all black women have attitude problems just like all black men are thugs...  #Brown Parts
After looking at the damage done by the commuters shws hw dedicated the # m u m b a i k a r s r towards their work # late to office
Its OK Alabama wasn't motivated.  #fuckthe S E C
Okay, because we weren't in the same lame ass class for an entire year
What a great day! Alabama forgets how to play football and I end up with a 99.9* fever... #Great Day
I'm sorry I tweet too much.
Sooo... Are the Spartans automatically ranked 3rd because their only losses are to the two best teams? # but seriously
Spending the second day of 2015 doing pt's, how fun.
Yeah dad lets wait a week before we're supposed to fly to buy our tickets itll be cheaper! -.-
Gotta love the wrongful images Satan places in my mind
...Because nothing says class quite like a public bathroom self i e .. # self i e # y ol o # s w a g
I mean...obviously both Braxton and JT transfer next season...right? #Next Man Up
Now I remember why I liked this girl, her fucking sense of humor matches mine # great way to win me over
Love it when I follow someone accidentally and then have to unfollow.
Damn did Georgia play today cause that's all I see on my time line is how they suck....confused
If you are a # journalist in # India , and happens to be your favourite literary tool, may you be blessed with the thickest of skins.
First sore throat of the year, lucky me.
Cardale Jones was 18-35 for 243 yards.. Soo elite
At least Ohio state fans act like they have been there before.  #Ohio State
I love getting home at one in the morning when I have to be up for work before five.
If i were Bama, I wouldn't force it to the best WR in college football the last 5 min of a huge game either! #B10
Wandering around Target. How vastly different from being home in LA.
If all of these SEC teams didn't have such tough schedules wearing them down, they'd be winning these big bowl games.  #O S Uvs B A M A
I sure am glad we did not hire Saban. LOL
Since the SEC looked great against other SEC teams didn't that mean they would win their bowl games & the national championship?
Congratulation to Leo Messi. For winning Troll Football player of the year 󾌴󾌴󾌴.  #Pessi For Ballondor.
I don't blame Blake Sims  #Sugar Bowl
Dang 2015 is outstanding so far.
Tara has the best boyfriend ever #Relationship Goals  #Little Women L A
so to whoever just prank called me! really funny # i m trying to sleep
Please tell me more about how good TCU is
Here's to 2015 and the first day of anti anxiety meds. Thanks world, couldn't have gotten here without you. # fuck all years
Well it goes out saying that the #SEC conference should dismantle because they are so bad
ESPN and their Big Ten bias is tiring. Am I right?
Replace the "E" in "SEC" with a "U" and ... yeah, it's been that kinda of day for the "best damn football conference in the land"
TCU could have beaten Bama by TWO touchdowns. With their FOURTH string QB.
Oh, and how about that weak Big Ten?!?  #Go B1 G
College Football playoffs work well. Who knew?
No way ohio state can hang with oregon
The B1G Ten just doesn't have the speed or talent to compete with the SEC.  #S E C Bias
Eh... not that big of deal Ohio St. OU already beat Bama in the Sugar Bowl
Thanks, Bama, for giving the talking sports heads the opportunity to talk about how overrated the SEC is for the next eight months.
Bandwagon Ohio state fans being SO classy lol
Alabama had no interest in this game because it wasn't the championship game.  #S E C Bias #S E Cexcuses
Bucks Win 42-35!! Definitely think TCU should have been here
Been a OSU and Oregon fan all my life.
Glad to see the FBS Selection committee was right on with the playoff seedlings.  #S E Cwho Thats why we play the games
Hahahahahahahahahaha. I love this day. Super
Wisc beats Auburn, MSU beats Baylor, OSU beats Bama today... But remember guys, the Big Ten is horrible.
Yes, indeed. Happy New Year, Mr. Saban. Happy New Year.  #B1G #A L Avs O S U
Haha...O$U fans who spent a ton of money to go to this game now have to spend more money to go to the NC game # s u c k s for them
Man, college football sure is boring. #O S Uvs B A M A
Well played, Ohio State. Well played.
Yea, all those years, they were right. A playoff in College Football would never work!
Love the play call on first down to throw deep...cause you didn't just run for an 85 yard TD last time you touched the ball
QB didn't have his mouth guard in...illegal equipment. Penalty. That no call will decide the game.
Another day in the office, happy and doing colleague's work. Yay.
I prefer the BCS system... #C F Playoff
Can't wait for all of the think pieces "What If"ing every previous national championship matchup.  #C F Playoff
Unbelievable performance by "The" Ohio State. So glad we now have an 8 team playoff. #TCU # Baylor #Michigan State #Ole Miss
Thanks US government for making me postpone college and my degree for yet another year
Yeah cause a picture on snap chat is the reason why I'm mad # sub t we et
Oh. Is there a football game on? Huh. Who knew.
The SEC is clearly the superior conference.
Congrats Oregon.... you just got handed the title # great # fuck the ducks
Btw, it's what I've said for years. A team that "didn't deserve to be in" will play for a national title. Playoffs are awesome
I mean not quite SEC speed but he sure tried
I’m gonna have the sexiest shoulder ever when I get all of these stitches out
So, maybe the Big 10 isn't so easy to beat after all. Big shocker there.
Marvel released a trailer for a trailer. Wow. 2015 is gonna be SO awesome.
Imagine how much better today's games would have been if it would have been bama-ole miss-miss st-auburn!  #S E Coverrated
Female scientist may have the most convincing British accent since Dick Van Dyke  #I Frankenstein
What a surprise. Bama gives it to Henry and he picks up a big gain and a 1st down
Oh the upsides of being a gymnast (used to), ankles still hurt as if you were still doing it, body aches, etc.
# P a c 12 r e f s have done excellent work this entire season with regards to penalties for hitting kickers.
I don't know about you, but I was fooled on that play action
Heart problems? What heart problems? Urb's ticker couldn't be any stronger!
Way to stay classy Urban Meyer...nice headset throw. Tremendous example of character under pressure. # n c a a p layoffs
The CGI just keeps getting better! #I Frankenstein
If America is so overweight, why are all the small t-shirts sold out.
Good to see the refs don't have SEC bias.
Lane Kiffin is calling one hell of a game. #Sugar Bowl # Alabama
Wow. #SEC got a favorable PI non-call? No way.
Even JK Scott is jealous of that punt
This whole no fb thing is going good... only tempted to go on like all day!!!
Can't wait for the taxslayer bowl to follow these playoff games.
Eckhart Killing it on narration.  #I Frankenstein
What kind of shit talking do the sedins do to deserve getting hurt? Milk hot dogs? Oh okay yeah somebody run em over.
I never get tired of seeing strength coaches do jumping jacks before the start of the 4th quarter.
Love sitting around bored with one week left of break
Refreshing how this new fangled college football playoff system ended all that darned controversy. #TCU #Florida State # n c a a football
That Ohio State run defense tho...
This has to be rigged. #B1G #SEC #Sugar Bowl2015
Dear Nick Saban, Happy New Year! #A L Avs O S U
Just think how badly Ohio State would be winning if they had an SEC-caliber defense! # f b
Alabama definitely needs Tom Bradley on their staff
Yeah, Ohio State sucks. They don't belong in this game! #Go Big Ten #Sugar Bowl # H ash tag
I love being sick on the first day of 2015!
Wow. How did # Alabama get in the #C F Playoff?! ( .)
Yeah TCU fans, you're right. We totally didn't deserve to be here  #ROLLBUCKEYES #O S Uvs B A M A
What a great way to start my year
Mmmm some legit punting going on right now. Most exciting play in football for sure.  #O S Uvs B A M A #C F B Playoff
Challenge Day 1 in the books! This is gonna be fun.
I just love it when I Snapchat someone and they don't respond to it.
That #SEC just can't be matched by the #Big Ten. How is OSU winning today ? #Sugar Bowl
oh yay ( ) another night of heavy footed, loud talkers .... #Condo Problems # pass the ear plugs please
I love the estimated discharge time of 6am... At least they have ESPN in the study rooms. # w f u b m c problems
2015 is off to an awesome start
Great way to begin the new year. . . RAIN!!! #New Year # today
Had a great beginning of my 2015!
Gotta love getting ditched by friends. # p outing
Looks like it's everyones favorite day! Ignore Robert day! The loneliness and just utter dispare when I need a friend feels great
No actually I love being ignored!!!
in mock drill they showed an indian a terrorist instead of showing any Pakistani or talibani # stereo typing terror
in 2015 I plan to suck more dick. # settled own boys
What a great way to start off 2015.
Clearly OSU didn't deserve to be in the top 4. # whatever #O S Uvs B A M A #Sugar Bowl #C F B Playoff
Weird. The #B1G actually does play good football. Unfortunately, doesn't have #S E Cspeed though. Too bad.
The SEC is division 1.. Rest of college football is Division 3
Oh good.... Tim Tebow is up next
Oh I look forward with great anticipation to the insight of Mark May, football genius.
Glad to see that the Wolves continue their quest for the #1 pick in the draft # T wolves
With such a close game that means everything to college football, I feel good about people turning the channel at 11:29 to watch.
If Spencer throws like that, Braxton certainly entertaining transfer ideas now..  #but Seriously
When you were born, the Dead Sea was just sick. # you re so old
I'm so jealous that you finally found your true love. Unfortunately, they haven't legalized self-marriage yet. # ha ha ha # comeback
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race? # ha ha ha # comeback # l ol
Steelers should spend a 2015 third round pick on the Alabama punter! #Steelers Nation
I'd like to give you a going-away present, but you have to do your part. # l ol # comeback
Boy, I couldn't guess Michael Bay had his hands on the new TMNT film. # explosion # screwed up origin story
"Prince looks like a dwarf who's been dipped in a bucket of pubic hair."-- Boy George # Rival r y #80 s music # l ol # ha ha ha
"Is he just doing a bad Elvis pout, or was he born that way?" -Freddie Mercury on Billy Idol # comeback
I wish they'd show one more allstate ad # not funny # rob lo we is better
This Bama-Buckeye matchup has a chance to be the best college playoff semifinal EVER !
Nancy: "Winston if you were my husband, I'd put poison in your coffee!" Churchill: "Nancy, if you were my wife, I'd drink it."
After watching this play calling scheme, I think Tom Herman should leave Ohio State after this season.
Noel Coward: "You look almost like a man." Edna Ferber: "So do you." # comeback # l ol # funny # quotes # ha ha ha
STOPPED BY A BRICK WAL....wait...the official said his forward progress was stopped in the endzone? He only made it to the 3?
Yeah ESPN, I can really read the score and time for these games
Yeah #Ohio State totally deserved to be in the playoffs instead of #TCU they look legit
So much for plans. I'll do it on my own. # fun times
The Alabama player was just asking the guy if he was ok. That's not a penalty to check on a player from the opposing team.
Nick Saban has lost control of his team. # taunting
Ha ha ha! Is it still New Years??? What a great question to ask someone... # stupid question # good timing
Alabama not really the better team, Ohio State just keep turning the ball over...
Clearly Ohio State deserved to get in the playoffs over TCU...
My Piriformus syndrome in my back requires deep tissue massages for treatment..... Oh darn!
What an awesome Final 4!  #Roll Tide
Ball game. Way to prepare your team Urban
im loving this new year already
Boy that Lane Kiffin is genius of a play caller
And now to Randawwww omgg im so in love with it
End of the first quarter. Well, that went quick…
First day of 2015...and I've managed to come down with a cold # awesome # f ml # k m n # p f f ft
Must be tough for Lane Kiffin to coach up these low rated scrubs and get them to score points for Bama. #Sugar Bowl #O S Uvs B A M A
Because I think the "on track for" stats are so wonderfully useful: Alabama on track to score as many or more pts than Oregon.
With Cooper staying so under the radar, it makes sense he was so open! ...
helping my aunt watch my niece Rainey # fun # y ol o
I swear to god, you have this AMAZING ability of making something that doesn't involve you completely about yourself!
Thank God white people never get harassed by police
Ant no way you call the plenty he was going for his ankles ad tried to pull up you want him to hit him high
Love when people can go long periods of time without talking to me..
I need to use more # hash tags . #dotheystillmakeantiques
2015 has been such a blast so far.
I didn't know they made crop top football jerseys now! Those are so stylish on the players!
Nice run by #OSU QB Jones - he's a football player, "we ain't come to play no school" # truth
#SEC homefield advantage in a bowl game? Never.
So wait... OSU kicks a field goal & everyone has Bama in the grave; now Bama scored a TD, does that mean OSU will never win again?
Could see 20cm by tomorrow morning?? Fantastic...Great start to my "moving into 2015 with positivity" :(
Can't believe I'm gonna be 22 next month,& I'm not even married yet!?
FSU got throttled. Could not have happened to a nicer guy...... #Poor Jameis
Being ignored is my favorite. :)
Oh how I have missed the days of constant bordeom and rechecking Facebook every 5 minutes just find absolutely nothing new...
Everything must be better in imagination land.....yeah you drink that damn Kool-Aid
Shifty day, because I didn't have enough hormones in my body apparently.
Sure is a shame Ohio State doesn't have SEC speed...  #Sugar Bowl #Buckeye Nation
jah likes when I come over and roast people.
When will the NCAA crack down on OSU's marijuana leaf helmet stickers?  #I Know It Aint Weed
Way to go Florida St. for showing good sportsmanship after the game. No one can say you're classless.
I think I speak for all Buckeye fans when I say it is going to be awesome when the second half kicks off after 11 tonight.
Shame on me for hating Ohio State
Great sportsmanship shown by the Noles by collectively shaking hands after the game. #Rose Bowl # not role models
What no way seriously that's great really I knew you could do it amazing wow your I'm your wow speechless  on point
FSU almost has as much class as Coot Tech
Way to lose with class FSU
My Timehop for today revealed that I had a fantastic New Year's Day in 2014
FSU is the only team to never shake hands after a game.. No class whatsoever smh..
Classy move by 70% of the FSU team heading straight to the locker room.  Credit to Jameis, O'Leary and Fischer for sticking around.
Nice walk off by half the FSU team # class y
FSU really showing who they are by walking off the field without shaking hands # stay class y
Real classy FSU. Glad the team showed sportsmanship.  Congrats Oregon! #Rose Bowl #O R Evs F S U
Classy, FSU. Way to congratulate the winners
That was disrespectful... Great sportsmanship Florida State!!!! #O R Evs F S U
FSU just an all around classy team.
The Florida State Football team has so much class
Florida State showing more class as always...
Florida state going to win right?
Karma served up nice and Hot tonight. Good for them (him)! What a great leader!
Can't believe Oregon just fumbled the football. This has been one of the most sound football games as far as holding onto the ball.
FLORIDA STATE GETS THE TURNOVER! HERE COMES THE COMEBACK!  #Rose Bowl
Aw man Oregon had a turnover damnit FSU is now in striking distance..fuck
Started my 2015 bingeing on # the mind y project # crazy # laughter # romance # sexy dances # pizza
it's a good thing i dont go to a military college though.... id have to wake up early on the daily.... (: # p o o p
I love it when reporters just tweet my lede and then tag my team in it. I know what happened - I wrote it!
At least Jameis isn't a sore loser.  #O R Evs F S U #F S U Twitter
It's just so sad to see a great person like Jameis Winston get beat down like this. .
Wow... Nice job selection committee.  #Oregon Ducks #TCU
Cool, you're going to eat better, workout more, and be a better person
It just cost me $25 to fill up my tank! When is that # O b am a gonna get it together?!?
I still think FSU will win
UW should get some really good recruits now that Oregon is playing for the NT. # logic
Come back from this Florida state #Rose Bowl2015
Fire Chip and hire Helfrich! Tonight's game shows who the true genius is.
I love how Oregon is still pounding it on as if it was the first play of the game
Coach Fischer just asked me to finish the 4th quarter. # l i f e g o a l s a c com p l i shed # rose bowl bound
Yeah, Oregon is definitely not a physical team at all.  #Rose Bowl
2015 off to a great start...go fuck yourself
I never realized there were so many closet Oregon fans in Georgia
Winston is pulling a Tannehill. #blame Tannehill
of course I'll babysit, it's not like I had plans or anything
Oregon waxing FSU with zone read, bubble/now screens, and deep shots off quick game. Running up score off 4 plays... # Class less ?
Which is better? Oregon # D u c k s or any team out of the NFC South division (best team in NFC South is 7-8-1) #NFL
Well, it's a good thing the # D u c k s got that 2 point conversion, cuz it's a close one at the #Rose Bowl! #F S Uvs O R E
Well this has just been one great night
If Jameis Winston declares to the NFL he will finish 29-1 as a starter. 1 NCAA title. 2 ACC titles and 1 Heisman. HE SUCKS SO BAD!
Other than 4 turnovers, that quarter wasn't that bad for the Noles
I love when I walk into work and my co worker is a ray of sunshine. # bitch # s u c k a d i c k
Florida State has Oregon exactly where they want them.... # comeback #Rose Bowl
i feel just terrible for jameis winston.
I get it. Girls don't know anything about cars. Tee Hee.  #Drive In Mob
Im so happy that the criminal is losing
Man, I feel so bad for Jameis Winston.
Now if the # D u c k s can get so.e cushion before the end of the 3rd, they might have a chance. #Passive Aggressive
I feel bad for Jameis he is just a good guy!! # K arm a
Jameis Winston is about to fall to 26-1 in his career. I feel SO sorry for him.
Jameis is definitely NFL ready #Rose Bowl2015 # n f l draft 15
I feel sorry for Jameson right now.
We take our MANY L's!!! Hell we lost to Ohio 100-0 ... ... But it was close
At least the extra point was blocked. #O R Evs F S U
Feel bad for Winston and Fisher couldn't happen to better guys.
Boy, I am just stunned that FSU is getting stomped in this playoff game. # overrated
If you're a mom you shouldn't be posting about how drunk you got last night! # W heresy our kid # good pa renting
"Nothing goes over my head. I have very good reflexes. I would catch it." #Guardians Of The Galaxy
ACC sucks. Total embarrassment for the ACC
Lmao this fsu defense is am amazing # cant stop a nosebleed #Rose Bowl
Can't believe they ran trips again...
Dang it. Cook with another fumble. I hate to see that
Don't know who started this "word for the year" thing but it's awesome. Pretty sure my word would be
Oregon sure likes to burn the clock when leading.  #F S Uvs O R E
Ladies I gotta say, all your inspirational New Years quotes really shows me how your going to change your life this year
...aaand now my scanner just broke. fantastic.
Gosh I'm so sick of hearing about MSU's "amazing" comeback win! Geez what right do you all have to be excited?!? # ha r b a u g h
Winston getting hot in the 2nd half. I've never seen this before...
2014 feels like it was just yesterday! #2014 # bored outta my mind
So how are you liking the #College Football Playoff? It's really ruining college football isn't it?
Missed the chance to go to America!! The new year started great didn't it?
Car breaking down is a fantastic f*king cherry on top of the new year  #I Cant Win #Everythings Going Wrong
Oregon pulls out the Apple Green unis for the first time,they're not the same colour as the turf at all  #Greasy Move
Great way to start off my new year by getting shocked by electricity
What a great start to a new year haha
RE: That last RT: I don't know about you, but I know 10% off a transaction makes ME feel more secure about trusting Sony.
Oh yeah don't worry. I love being ignored. Not a problem.
2015 is off to an awesome start. Thanks universe.
I know if I was a marching band director, I would definitely select numbers from the musical genius that is Beyonce. #Go Ducks
Stuck at home with nothing to do yay!
what's happening? well i got beautiful day for lonely time and later at 8.30 am i have to do my presentation as an exam
I'm having a super great start to 2015
Ducks halftime show > first half of Ore vs Fsu game. # watches p n
Mariota throws a pick, Aguayo misses a field goal. These teams are garbage.
It's been >350months since the globe had a cooler than normal month, BUT it's cold today, so who knows if climate change is real?
Marriota sucks.....terrible can't believe he threw that pick
Forgot my flip gram post this year!
Whoever broke the bottle in my bathroom/bedroom... Thank you for cleaning it up
I'm glad 2015 has started on such a high note for me
Oh crap I forgot to take my last selfie for 2014! The good thing is I probably look exactly the same in 2015! That was a close one
Nice gullable ones that don't understand are right up there with the 'mean' sarcastic ones as my favorites to pick on. # so easy
It's just always a shame when a whining Winston gets screwed on a call. Heart goes out to the poor lad.  #Rose Bowl
I am shocked as a UW fan that was a no-call on Oregon.
So, 2hrs into 2015, I pulled a muscle in my back or pinched a nerve. Glad I could get this out of the way early... :/
A HOLDING CALL ON FLORIDA STATE??? NO??!!
My family was living in Istanbul/Ankara in the 80's.. Maybe they're "fake" too
Yankees are making a lot of trades why won't Sandy ?!?
Watching all the bitter people coming out of the woodwork as the #SEC falls flat is funny. 7 of 8 championships. Obviously a joke.
Two great offenses that have combined to score 14 points! This one is a shootout!
I like how major holidays are synonymous with "let's get drunk tonight". . Y'all are fools. # respect y o self #2 cool 4 b o o z # fool of a took
I hate it when my toddler forgets to tell me where she's going when I'm watching her. # t odd le r life
Looking forward to a rerun of this afternoons outrage when Swansea come on # not really # l y n c h mob # conspiracy
I know, I know...it's a new year, a new you. Blah, blah, blah. # hum bug
Is 2015 the year in back to the future?! Because I really had no clue # lets stop
It's nice to see Mourinho humble in defeat! # prick # bitter #CHEL53A
Awwww. Bless your heart. # southern drawl # not really # screw you
Finally figured out what my superhero man would be ............FEMALE MAN ! # decadence
Mourinho gracious in defeat again.  #COYS #MOTD
Should have checked down there. #Jameis Is U D F A
Man this page 1 of my 365 page book has been so exciting
oh I didn't see the owl guy here he was so quiet
Woke up a while ago. Great way to start the year.
I cant wait for the Titans to draft Jameis Winston!
I guess Scott Frost isn't good at calling plays...he's just too young of an OC.... # H u s k e r s
That was totally necessary Rose Bowl refs #Rose Bowl
Thank you ESPN for NOT having your Watch ESPN app working AT ALL for the #F S Uvs O R E game. Really appreciate it.
Oregon only has a few athletes on their team
Who is presenting/sponsoring the #Rose Bowl ?? I don't see any advertisements for a company
Who else speaks  as a second language?"
Wonder if the # Bucs have any front office personnel watching this game. #C F B Playoff # n f l draft 15
Sounds like Eastenders was a right roller coaster this evening. So gutted I missed it
2015 is off to a fantastic start.
Its OK everyone. If Stevie does go at least weve got brenda to find a suitable replacement
I wish Jimbo would get focused... # lets go
Starting 2015 off right. Taking a midterm hungover
The Florida State tailgate looks poppin # S nap chat
1st #C F B Playoff is here! Don't like the 4 teams but I'm giddy with excitement! Wonder why no one ever pushed for this before?
First deer of the year...with my car. 2015 is already looking up
Maybe Baylor should have been in the final four.  I mean they almost beat the number 3 team in the big 10
I'm thinking of doing a # K i c k starter . Think anyone would donate to a "Starving DJ / Writer / Editor needs an Apartment" fund?
I can't believe that the US IS 2015 years old!!!!
Yeah, blind side hit the kicker. Great football play.
That #B1G sure sucks #Outback Bowl #Pinstripe Bowl #Cotton Bowl # Under dogs
Art Briles, what's your thoughts on Offensive Coordinator in DC?
Turn up was so real at work last night I didn't get out til 9 am.. I need to recover..
OMG, just realised I've still got my Tantra stamp on, new year, new me... Blah blah blah.
# fy i live The child should become a Police Officer now. # fy i live
Work 2mo! Get in!!! Woooo # fuck sake #Kill Me Now
But guys, Baylor deserved to be in the playoffs
I am shocked fat slow #BIG10 #Michigan State was even able to stay on the same field as # Baylor , much less beat them. #Cotton Bowl
These Michigan vs Michigan State games just might be quite good in the coming years.  #Mr Obvious
Too late Big Ten, it's already been decided that your conference is no good.
IT'S A MIRACLE - HALLELUJAH!!!! #East Enders
As an extraterrestrial I was deeply offended by Avalon String Band's show this year. # M u m m e r s
They called a facemask on the stiff arm, im shocked lol.
Great way to start the new year, why not fat shame a few people without them knowing. That's cool isn't it?
Boy... can't wait for that last episode of Road to the Winter Classic now.
Lol SEC is such a power house...
Whoah! The B1G defense is so good!  #New Year New You #MIZ
#U T V Ireland Pat Kenny, Interviews and a 100 year old woman... Most exciting launch night since the comet probe!!!
Reboot of Labyrinth changes the lyrics of Dance Magic Dance to,"You remind me of the Bae."
Hey did you guys know that #Winter Classic attendance is 42,832 ??!?!? # everyone ist we et in git #TROLOL
I still remember 2014 like it was just yesterday.. Whew, time has sure flown by!
here we go, definitely didn't see this coming  #East Enders
I heard LBJ is out 2 weeks. I think someone RT'd it like once now I can't find the story
Hey is #FSU playing today? I haven't heard anything about it.
So today I learnt something amazing, Coys I've been told means come on you spurs, I'm sure this will prove v useful. # football
Hicks got hurt on a cheap shot...no flag... nice work refs...
Oh I just love how we don't talk unless I text them first
What a wonderful way to start off the New Year
Man, that all-powerful SEC West is having one helluva bowl season!  #Paul Finebaum Call Your Office
Who else speaks  as a second language?
We need to run this Bum of a defensive coordinator out of EL!
It's that day after NYE & its back to work. What's going on?  I did see a rather large human being score a td for the boys from Waco
Auburn has cost the whole nation of free blooming onions. # g o t i g e r s
Wow SEC, clearly playing these games is not something you want to do after beating each other up all year. So much better.
LOL SORRY YOU LOST TODAY AUBURN--- #NOT  GO HOME GUS
Another sec team bites the dust. # but they re the best # i d o n t u n d e r s t and
Why believe Louis' Family when you have immature 12 yr old Larry Shippers who knows soo much about Louis personal life?  #Larry Is Fake
The best conference in the country SEC West  is now 2-4 in bowl games with BAMA the only team left. #FSU
2014 was a bad year and 2015 will be worse # optimism
A fitting end to the best year of my life  oh well
I tell you that big bad SEC is really dominating bowl season
Wow the SEC is soooo good.
That play was an INT at Northwestern. Stave has made adjustments.
One hell of a way to start off 2015.
Oh surprise surprise G a ry B a rlow is in # Mi r a nd a is she gonn a kiss him a g a in? Cos th a t w a s hil a rious!
Ended the last day of 2014 working and started 2015 working # woo
Billy Idol, Gavin Degraw, Lee Greenwood what a winter classic hatrick.  #atleastitisnt Nickelback
I spending my NYE & day off with another migraine! #Happy New Year
My new years is starting out great
I have the dentist tomorrow and the orthodontist on Monday. What a great way to start the year.
God. Na to dey add  join tweets sure pass.
Don't accuse me of subtweeting. I don't subtweet.
Very unlike Auburn to have a personal foul. #Auburn V S Wisconsin #Outback Bowl # M u s c ham p
Oh my. What will the NBA do without LeBron for 2 weeks?
Probably going home again till classes start back up. Indy is just too tunt for me right now.
Sojourn "the Truth" Shelton with the play of the day. # B a d g e r s
Wowowowowowow...Nicki Minaj really encourages body confidence. "fuck those skinny bitches" ...you go girl.
Shocked that Auburn didn't take Matt Mullen's advice and take the field goal there when down 4....
Our DBs have the greatest technique.
Listening to my "father" talk shit about me is just the highlight of my day... Woo
At least we haven't had any costly penalties.  #A U Bvs W I S #wheres T H Ediscipline
Yay starting the new year off with confusion, regret, and icky feelings! # i t s u c k s
A very rare penalty on Auburn. #Outback Bowl #Auburn V S Wisconsin
Starting the New Year off with the flu. #So Excited # Blessed 2015
Don't know if anyone else picked up on it but don't think mourinho wanted to say much about game and the LOSS to Spurs!
Who ever had the stupid idea to put the fuel filter in the fuel tank is a genius.
Watched again Rab ne bana di jodi & realized if Virat grows beard & mustache Anushka wont recognise him # face palm ...
Man, I just wish the B1G had some athleticism in that conference.
I would def take Matt millan's advice on nfl prospects. He is known as a great talent scout  #Outback Bowl
So happy the Wings kept Franzen and got rid of Hossa.
2015 just started and my lovely fucking mother is already making it fabulous
They really pulled out all the stops to get these winter classic performers!!!!
hey who is Baylor's OC? I wish this ESPN crew would mention him every now and then
One word sports commentary tweets. I live for that shit
Yay! Another day of dealing with #DavidUbben’s “it’s all about Baylor” timeline # mute
What do you do all day with literally no internet, no phone signal and about 6 TV channels? PLAY BOARDGAMES ALL DAY! Hooray!
I'm so done with the whole human kind ( i hate everyone equally)
Did MSU leave Delton Williams in East Lansing
My calendars haven't come in yet! OMG!!!
Man, this is such a huge game for the Caps!They were 2011 WC champs, they're gunning for their second consecutive WC championship!
Nice job Spartan D.  and bench #4. CMON
Spending #New Years Day watching Little Women: LA marathon. Starting 2015 off with a bang...
# A r s e n a l s extensive understanding of # game theory # prisoners dilemma really helping this seasons thx
Matt Millen is a genius....best color guy ever!
I love people who are glad bad things happen to you because things aren't going right for them # bitch #why Do I Bother?
My favorite thing about not having a car is definitely when buses are 15+ minutes late.
Hey guys, did you know teams will switch ends at the 10 minute mark? # everyone #Winter Classic #TROLOL
That crafty Dantonio almost fooled someone there
I wish I was as cool as you .
So glad that all of the radio stations are playing all of the songs that we all got tired of hearing last year.
I love waking up early just for Holley to make other plans. # best girl friend award
Man Baylor's players and coaches are sure classy  #Beat S E C #B1 G Pride
Puked at work! Any way this new year can get any better?!  #New Year
New year, new me # s w a g a l i c i o us # cool # w o w # blessed # l i k e z # f 4 f # mores w a g # cool gurl # marvelous # o mg # new year # new me
Why is it I'm always sick either on New Years or at Halloween? How can I write a great 1st page in this 365 page book from bed?
Nothing screams outdoor hockey game like Billy Idol.  #Winter Classic
Does briles really think the best time to give his pre-teen son the OC job is this bowl game? Wise move.
No better way to ring in the New Year than Delta delaying my flight by an hour and a half at the minimum
Nothing gets me more excited for hockey than Billy Idol.
Billy Idol? Seriously? Great marketing NHL!
Come on now D! Just one stop and we got this game!  #Cotton Bowl #Go Green
Oh thank God, holiday depression is setting in... intended # depression hurts # make it go away
Awesome, nothing gets me in the mood for a hockey game quite like "White Wedding"
Oh yes, as if traumatising pets for one night isn't enough, let's all set off our leftover fireworks. Brilliant fucking idea guys.
"Being an Australian is like winning the lottery of life" -- Tony Abbott That explains why I'm trying so hard to leave...
Our QB's are extremely accurate! # b a d g e r s #College Football
Hey... is there an NHL game today?
What!!! They called Holding Holy cow!  -Tay
I haven't been on Twitter in a year! # time flies
What? Everyone at ESPN is picking # Alabama to beat #Ohio State tonight?! I'M SHOCKED!
Daddy's Black Eye Peas... "Live long & prosper." Spock, Star Trek. It's worked every other year.
What the world needs is more trivia. Let the Power Elite worry about those big complicated issues.
Would you like a table? "No not at all, I came to the restaurant to eat on the ground. Carpet for 5 please.
I have a indirect problem with someone,, WAIT! A meme on Facebook will solve that!!!  #Face Ppl Head On
If Langford were any good, he would have scored... Haha  #Beat Baylor #Go Green #M S U Cotton
2015 is starting out great. I've got a cold and my kitchen is flooding from the apartment above ours.
Nice turnout at the Outback bowl there Auburn...
Great result for Liverpool today. Leicester were rampant in the second half # good lord
your party must have been so much fun if you had to constantly snapchat how much fun it was.
Oh good. Brian Griese. This should be wonderful.  #Cotton Bowl
Always love when there is idiotic drama the first day of the new year.  #getmeawayfromthesepeople
Maybe I should have put a  label on my happy birthday earth tweet...
Carver # out stone # out alnwick # out the tea lady # out the guys behind the betting tolls # out the announcer # out everyone out
No better way to start the new year off then by working. # w end ys
Please, let's recognize the #Salvation Army for continuing its proud 150-year tradition of bigotry and discrimination. #Rose Parade
Cant believe how slow the big ten players are!
Thanks for the New Year wishes friends
I think jak Alnwick is abit to good # n u f c
Everything's FUCKED again, but then what the hell would I know?............. #Great Start
Well, glad to see Auburn's worked on defense during the off time.
guess I'll go run since I'm up already haha # new year new me #cuzeveryonegonnabesayinit
Can't wait for Brendan's post match commentary # l f c
Two clean sheets on the bench and transferring out Sakho equal a fantastic Fantasy Football start to 2015!
managed to see a few bits via streams but it looked like we were lucky to even get a point.FFS.Hail BR,fucking genius  #LFC
Awesome interview between Tebow and Meyer on #ESPN.
I just joined # In stag ram . Happy New Year 2012!
lampard is causing chelsea problems. as if he is on vengence objectives,being more citizen dan londoner....
All my friends are online on Facebook and none of them talking to me..True Friends, right?
Slept right through the new year. That's going to be my new year.. Sleeping. # A we some
With the high potential of trouble between Saints and Dons fans, glad to hear the saints 300 fans will be locked in for 10 minutes
Arsenal fans tweet # we n g e r out - so fickle after won FA cup. They hate Frenchmen,their supporters are deluded etc # me r son # n u f c
Would hate 2c all these pts # fat frank is winnin 4city 2b the crucial ones that pip # c hel sea 2the title ...
I really like the "the moving sidewalk is coming to an end. Please watch your step" warning. Not sure where I'd be without it.
I mean at least you make an effort, right?
Try to find something obama has done right! #New Years Resolution
I really enjoyed all the pictures of the single moms making out with their babies last night for New Years. Real cute
Ohoho! Let's go The Gunners! #SOUARS
My favorite day of the year is January 1st
My favorite time of year has returned! Being inundated with Weight Loss and Dating commercials.
I love people who act like they're better than everyone
Former Leicester player tweeting the penalty decisions against them were wrong. Shocking.
Oh great! The start of another crappy year. Can't Wait  #Cynical Cat
Starting the new year with... A double at Applebee's. My how much has changed.
I'm so glad I have to be at school at 30 min early so we can leave 30 min early and watch the kickoff of the Vols.
Mike Jones is such a high quality referee. # awful
Roberto has Everton playing some fantastic football
Love to be a Sunderland season ticket holder imagine watching this every week !
So these days are supposed to be spend with your loved ones...
930 new California state laws go into effect today. Sounds like # freedom to me
lol okay I can see how that was a corner # blind as a bat #A R Sv S O T
Good thing I remember most of last night....
Liverpool scab a penalty. Wow. That's new
Happy new year... feeling Sooooo optimistic
Yeah, that makes sense; feds want to cut funding to ME bc state gov't wants to end EBT fraud/diversion...grrreat idea! # me politics
Januzaj is clearly the problem with this side. If only he wasn't at the club we'd be sorted. # m u f c
WHAT A SAVE DE GEA UNBELIEVABLE STUFF
Starting 2015 in the med clinic... yeah! # winning #Being Sick Blows
Great impact off the bench here from Januzaj! # Not #Over Rated #Dont Get The Hype
I have to go shower because it's a new year, new me
I'm so happy! AHA happy go lucky me..
I think everyone forgot it was January because they were so wrapped up in the new year
Made it to work before it even opened. 2015 y'all. Crazy stuff is happening already!
Luke Shaw must be the best £30million ever spent on a player!
Good morning, and thank to Mississippi State for bringing in the New Year on such great fashion. You us look good  #SEC
Lunch out with the whole family what's not to like?
My New Years was a blast! Played COD all night and madden 15
Who have we signed then? Its been January for a good few hours now and im seeing nothing ffs #Wenger Out
No. The Mississippi teams from the SEC West were legitimate.
Tired and grumpy! can't wait for night 3of3.
What a great start to 2015! Already 1-0 down #MUFC #New Year Disasters #STKMUN
The thing I love best about my computer is how it's not a piece of shit.
If you don't have a self i e as your wallpaper, you are already better than a lot of people. # self i e
That moment when you have to take your emergency meds.... I just love anxiety attacks! Don't you!?! # chronic anxiety #Happy New Year
Just realised I tweeted the other day that 'surely they can beat the mariners' well they have the victory next week. Easy 3 points
Dear #LIFE if you want me to enjoy you to the fullest then please take away the # In t e r net
2015! The year to lose 20lbs, and single handedly cure cancer and stop global warming # happy new years
Headache on the first day of 2015, how great it that
Yay for still being up because of drunk people.
Great start to the new year...
Champions of Asia! BRILLIANT FOOTBALL! #W S Wv C C M # a league
Happy New Years get to spend my first day of 2015 working in the morning so great # fuck
Well, 2015 is off to a grand start....
My parents are still fighing... A great way to start the new year
Lovely day  but it really is, somehow
This is the way I wanted to start 2015 # awesome # fuck you
Oh I just waking up in the middle of the night with such horrible heartburn. That it causes me to almost throw up.
Here's to another sleepless night. Life is great. In fact this year is starting of REALLY great.  tweet
#Happy New Year to everyone! Occasions like these help me update my phone book every year! :-) #HNY2015  #Random Thoughts
Only took me an hour to get home tonight... when it should have taken 20 minutes. Thanks #TTC...
Can't wait to watch everyone's stories on snap chat
When you can't remember bringing in the new year. Memory blank and head banging  #Happy New Year
Love someone so much that you can let them go #PK #LAMPARD
Alone. Karaoke. New Year. Back pain. In bed. # fun
It's so much fun when you're friends include you in things.
yay so excited to clean the entire house again after all this crap was thrown all over my house
I just love when you don't text me back .
All the assholes in south la are lighting shit off. Yay.
What a way to start 2015!! Wow!!
Well 2015 has already started out great. extreme
Glad our entire management team have the day off with their families, while we nothings have to work. But they deserve it.
I thought last year was the worst birthday ever, but this year has it beat by far. # great night
Well my new year consisted of me being at work til 1 and alone at my apartment... # great start
Yay its a new year. So exciting! # getting old
Woah!!! Get out!!! Overs in cricket are 6 balls!!!! # never knew # ground comment at or # do h
What a fantastic way to start the new year. #New Year New Me
Just another year of this bullshit.. Yay, 2k15.
I can't wait to see all the New Years resolution people in the gym for 3 months!
Great way to start out 2015..
HAPPY NEW YEARS!!! Forgot to hashtag it! #NYE2015 #NYE2015 #New Year #New YearsTweet #New YearsParty2015 #BrandNew Year tweet
First day of class, may report agad. Very good way to start the year. # b u hay me di sin a
Aren't I glad you don't talk to him anymore!!!
Just FYI, people with depression LOVE hearing how there are people worse off than them and they should put that into perspective.
Damn thankful that only 3 of the 50 people I texted tonight replied # fuck y all
Zora is really enjoying the massive fireworks my neighbors are setting off. # z or at we et
I love all of these New Years couples  aka I hate my life
Happy new year... Yeah.. That's me...happy...happy..happy... Did you catch that  there???
There is no containing my excitement right now.
What a great way to start off the new year
In exactly 4 more months. I'll be 18 grrrreat this is all just great.
Turtle is testing something and forced me to tweet or he would kill me.  LUx10!
Oh, good...the neighbors have fireworks. Yippee.
This new years party with my family made me feel like I dont belong. Great way to start the new years
Hai I was at the Sydney thing and I saw TROYLER making out !!¡1!!
I'm gonna be working the next 4 days. Yay me!!
Soooo... anyone got today's date? # don t answer that # i crack myself up
I spent New Years alone but hey, at least my friends spent it together!
Great start to the new year # designated driver
What a great way to start the year!
I love all those texts and calls i received from my "friends" about the parties yall had!
GREAT way to start out 2015.
A great way to end 2014 and a great way to start 2015 .....
If I was a dinosaur, do you think people would notice? # joke # humor # funny # l ol # dinosaurs # laughing # hilarious
So I saved my video and now can't find it 2015 is off to a great start!
great way to start off the year.
Hey were you at a party tonight? I just wasn't sure because your snapchat story wasn't long enough for me to tell.....
Ringing in the new year with the flu. So excited! Yaaaaaaaaay # happy new year # going to bed now
Oh the midnite new year gun shots in decatur...perfect timing after a shooting today
So much for that - was almost asleep and then the fireworks started going off. Love that!
My crush got a bae now .. My year starting off great lol
Thanks for the invite to the parties everyone. Got so many that I couldn't go to any of them  Glad to know who my friends are.
lol so excited for all of my problems to magically disappear in 2015.
This years going great so far
: "parents: you do realize one day you will have to pay for all your own things me: yes but today is not that day"
If Jenny McCarthy and Chelsea Handler battled for comedy supremacy I'd move to North Korea. # so funny
Oh no you put a curse word in your argument I suppose that makes you right ,omg #incaseitwasn'tclear
Last one in my house awake. What a great New Years.
This is awesome! It is incredible to be in my home this new years eve... there is no where else I'd rather be.  #NYE
When ‘One Direction’ plays ‘Night Changes’ on national TV, it’s so dreamy...! Happy New Year! #2015
YES ONE DIRECTION MY NEW YEARS IS MADE I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
Belle & I are the only ones still awake ...w/Ninja Turtles playing in background HooRah 2015 # just another day # not kissing the dog
I totally had fun being a slacker who lives in my moms basement in 2014, can't wait to do it again in 2015
Oh my God! Someone proposed on live tv at Times Square to their girlfriend! How original and creative!  #Try Harder Guys
And we start off 2015 with hubs at work, hiccups from Josh, and a headache for me....awesome # not the 2015 i had planned
2015 is off to a GREAT start
Well, once again, shitty boring end to the year...Can't wait for 2015.  #Hard To Have Fun When Youre Alone #Goodnight World
Guys, I can't believe America is 2015 years old today!
So glad that my parents' neighbor bought out Pedro 's fireworks from South of the Border
What a great start to 2015 # first 2015 t we et #notso Rockin Eve
Starting the new year in the BEST mood ever.
New year, new me. #NYE2015 # ironic
Courtney- "Logan, feel any different?" Me- "New year, new me"
O : " the ball dropped , like that shit just dropped right now " ME : " yeah , you felt it ? " ! # dumb ass
Having a great New Years already
So we are done worrying about #Y2K?  #NYE
I love being able to breathe through one nostril # cold season
Oh my gosh, this year already feels so much different than last.
You know, running ads for Helix and 12 Monkeys back-to-back isn't confusing or redundant at all.
What a great way to start a new year
Happy Fucking New Year. Im having LOADS of fun....
T minus 5 minutes until I meet all these "new people" I keep reading about # new year new me #NYE14
SEC West is really killing it in these bowl games!
This is a very eventful New Years
Made a full revolution around the sun, now it's time to completely change who I am # new year new me
Yet another amazing CNN New Years show #CNNNYE
Your new side bitch is so cute to me, I would love to smash her face into the wall
We are gonna miss Geoff Collins!
Mississippi State - #1 for 5 weeks got routed by Georgia Tech who FSU beat. FSU doesn't play anyone though . SEC West 2-3. #FSU #ACC
Fellas: Nothing sexier than a drunk, fat woman in her ratty pj's singing to 70s folk/90s grunge. Don't know what yer missing.
It's a good thing the hospital has wifi bcuz without it I wouldn't be able to see how much fun everyone else is havin on #NYE.
388 yards rushing for Tech so far against Miss. St. Man I just hate seeing the B back running all over the defense.
My current New Years equation: friends+champagne+a grandmother falling=the greatest new year yet.
Mi mom just sent me to my room so I'm missing New Years celebration Best night ever!
#New Years Resolution ..... I might need to cut back on the # c a f f eine , apparently it causes in laboratory rats !
Never mind, Fox put on Bill O'reilley. Top notch Fox. # new years # fox
In 2015 I plan to live life on the edge! Yes, I am beginning by eating all the marshmallow pieces out of a box of Lucky Charms.
Eating leftovers, husband at work, kids on their various devices... This is shaping up to be the most exciting NYE ever!
Man, the SEC West is just head-and-shoulders above every other division in college football.
Good thing for the vaunted SEC defenses today. #TCU #42 #GT #42and counting
Can't wait for all the "I haven't *blank* since 2014 tweets." :-) :-)
Almost time for the new year!!!!! So many resolutions to complete  #Happy New Year #New Year2015
Why would people run option?!?! God, it doesnt work!!
you have been left in 2014 goodbye ....
What a great New Year's Eve
I love living outside the city limits on holidays with fireworks--which in the south is every holiday... # s t ah h h p p p
Listening to girls gossip is so damn fun
I think I really nail it if I try. #SUPERNATURAL # is # wonderful
They don't give enough timeouts in basketball.
Love finding stuff out about my siblings from other people...
Raining in Bedford. Weather apps say 34 degrees. Zee freezing rain is comingz. # be prepared # ah h h h h
running reverses in the red zone. # desperate SEC efficiency
My three young boys decided to stay up for the first time for NYE, oh my god. This is so much fun
Really pissed off with neighbours. Had to listen to them screaming, shouting & slamming doors since 3am #Happy New Year
it's a good thing Miss St got that Hail Mary TD at the end of the 1st half, otherwise this game would not be close! #Orange Bowl
Thank goodness the SEC West teams were great this year. Can you imagine what these scores would have been if they were overrated?
Wow, I didn't realize keeping your defense off of the field kept them fresh! Thanks Jesse Palmer!  #Common Sense
Being stuck is so much fun
Wow, the SEC is so dominant!!
My new year's eve = watching The Wild Thornberrys Movie with my boys. #Party Animal # H ah a
Having a grate new years eve with the fam
The SEC is flexing their muscles tonight!
OPI created a Fifty Shades of Grey collection for V Day. Because nothing says romance like the color Cement the Deal on your nails
Don't you love having unreliable friends? # you # idiot
What are you gonna do when I wanna bring a boyfriend out with us? You gonna tell them no?
Guess I'm just gonna go to sleep. Not like midnight is going to make a difference. New year, yee.
#E T Canada N Y E can't wait to see nickelback
Don't you just love it when someone decides to use confetti streamers on stage and shoot them in to your moving light rig?!?!
These SEC defenses are SOOOOO dominant. Nobody can match them. They are just on a different level.
Dontcha love when you get new 'followers' & then lose them because they're 'inappropriate' accounts that get banned?  *sigh*
Perfect way to start of the New Year? Watching The Towering Inferno of course!
Man the saddledome needs less women's washrooms... # peed my panties
SHOCKER OF THE YEAR: Florida Georgia Line is singing Cruise.  #NYRE
I'm so excited to not get kissed tonight
My new years eve has been awesome
I get to work through next year!
NYE alone is what I've always wanted! # crap p y friends
Could the commentators be any more subtle with their bias? #Capital One Orange Bowl #M S S Tvs G T #Hail State Mary #Hail State
Not doing anything on new years is probably the most fun thing ive done all year
Spending New Year's Eve at home for a change.
Having a blast this New Year's Eve.
Happy New Years everyone! Going into work. Gonna be fun!
The best feeling is spending New Year's Eve alone.
I like how the 3DS and WiiU need to update for 5 hours every time you fucking turn them on.
Well I'm having a wonderful time
I feel the love threw everyone now. My 2015 is starting off great..
no better way to start the new year then by flushing my cell phone.
Well, that quiz money lasted aaaaaaaggggges..  #Happy New Year
Lol spending the new year locked outside my house at 4 in the morning :) # so much fun !!!! # i m cold
0 points when trailing after 2 this season and they start this 3rd with a penalty. My confidence is through the roof now. # Coyotes
Anything special going on tonight? I'm going to bed.... #Happy New Year
A three hour doctor who episode. GREAT FUN! SO EXCITING! # i wanna watch t a y l or
So a skills competition will settle #T O Rvs B O S. Yay  #T M Ltalk
Dad and I are going toe to toe on gin and tonics. This will end well  #NYE
Wow, just saw the stadium for the #Orange Bowl. These two teams did a great job of filling that stadium.
I love when I get that text that lets me know I made the front page of the family rumor mill
50 years ago I was still 8 years away from my big arrival. Don't know how the world got along without me.
So anyway...I'm having a GREAT start to my new year.
Glad we can all get along and be a family for New Years..  #This Sucks
Everybody is so loyal I swear
Apparently The Strip is being blocked off to cars? Getting to my hotel should be a blast.
Not enough "new year, new me" tweets
Neighbors popping fireworks has begun. Oh, joy.  I'm trying to watch #The Walking Dead
Oh yeah. Ole Miss is the real deal.
So she said bitches but not shit? Makes sense
WOO WE ARE HEADED TO LACOMBE.
What a FANTASTIC way to end my birthday  #Bull Shit
I'm glad my opinion means so much to you
I'm beginning to think coaches and GMs don't always say what they're thinking.
I'm really glad my NYE is super fun  thank the lord it's a new year In a couple hours
Jimmy Sheppard erased Reverend Ben Lovejoy behind the net. Suspension is probably coming.  #S J Sharks
Told you Paris called Lupul before the game modeling gig for him #T M Ltalk #Leafs Nation
Kadri is back... must have called his dad...  #T M Ltalk #Leafs Nation
FBI is on the case of the Christmas game-network hackings. Oh, yeah. Justice. Won't be long now.  #Pretty Sure Theyre Still On Dial Up
Insert "New Year, New Me" post, selfie , and snap story here. # cant wait
Nothing better than spending New Year's Eve in a small airport in Florida
I see what the queen is doing. Giving "Honours" out to paedos & the folk who cover them to make them easily identified. Very clever
I'm not gonna sleep until next year.
Miami looks excited for the Orange Bowl.
new year, new me:) # y ol o # i n s pi ration #2 k 15 # leg go # lit #New Years Eve # basic
Can't wait for all these see you next year tweets!
Tampa is so soft. Who only scores 3 against buffalo ? # buffalo
The addition of the replay center is really speeding up the game.
I didn't make anyones 2014 # cool # k a y # solid
I wish Marvel wasn't so afraid to explore the Hulk. I guess having a real Hero/Villain is too complicated for cinema...
#NUFC is our religion, St James’ our cathedral, we wanted a messiah, Ashley delivered JC for Christmas #Lets Get Carried Away
It's going to be a fun night with the officials during this game.
#Happy New Year #Happy New Year yey another year !
First year spending New Year's Eve alone. Great way to bring in 2015.
No one to kiss at midnight! #20 years later
Shocker: Tra’Mayne Bondurant with a forced turnover. That like never happens.
I love how my friends text me back right away  they don't respond at all
MY favorite part about New Years is hearing, "Omg, I haven't seen you since last year!" jokes. Those NEVER get old.
All the people who live in Cali & complain about not having seasons all year. Enjoy the cold tonight! it will be 48 degrees by 7pm.
Great my mom is in NJ with me now. So delightful.
My New Year's wish came true, DePaul beat Marquette!
Nothing feels better than getting flopped on for NYE  You know who you are #Sorry Not Sorry
Happy new year! Feel like a totally new person already....
Man, I got so many party invites I just can't decide where to go! Haha.
Typical stupid Montreal fans, chanting Ole ole with 4 minutes left.....cuz there is no way a team can score 2 goals in 4 minutes.
Spending new years a lone, I just love it. ..
Sorry that you didn't get your own way last year ( ). #Stop Gamer Gate2014 #Stop Gamer Gate #AntiGamer's #SJW
Wow great new years and its only 7 lol # the fuck to do now ..
The gym will close in 60 minutes?! What about us who don't believe in "New Years", this is discriminatory and I demand attention!
Soooo tan rn! Can't wait to lose it when I get back to Oregon
I love it when old people ask me when I'm gonna get a boyfriend.
Wow my section is really wild tonight.
I guess I'll be spending my Halloween writing competency statements. # joy
Amazon advertising strategy: You shop for it, you buy it, then forever after get ads for the thing you already bought. Brilliant.
I think i'll dress in all black tomorrow in honour of Halloween - no-ones going to know what hit em! # in ever wear black
Nothing in this world is more exciting than JOB moving into the bucks starting lineup!
Some people amaze me with their, let's say, intelligence
Yeah, I talk to you all the time and have done for ages, but of course it makes sense that you'd ignore me out and about
Another rainy #Derby Day... What a surprise!
5.30am alarm set. Oh I love weekend month end. # need a lie in # busy week
I actually love when people waste my time
gearing up mentally, spiritually, physically for adoptee's favorite month ever #National Adoption Month # whiskey # yoga
I have had so many original thoughts lately.
What's super fun is when people lollygag crossing a road in pouring, freezing rain.
What do politician s and 'fuck u' have in common? They both mean 'nothing' #Word Pun ? # politician
Oh, no, I'm not being sarcastic! I wouldn't DREAM of it. -.-
Sign of wonderful parenting: Antagonizing your child like a fucking five year old when they throw a temper tantrum.
All I want to do is eat foods, and I can't figure out which foods I want to ... #My Life Is So Stressful # F am i shed
It feels so good to get used all the time
S/O to the post office that closed at 4:30 and to the guy that didn't use a blinker.
That's exactly what I wanted when I was in college! A bunch of high school kids at the party acting like high school kids! Yayyyy!
Robben diving in the box??? I. Am. Shocked # not really
I see what Habana is doing there ! he doesn't want to take over Lomu ! # respect #R S Av A R G
Sometimes I amaze myself at how smart I am
# p h i l cast can't believe you found joy in mocking homeless people as a kid!
Tomorrows gonna be so good! I'm revising on Halloween. Yay!
i have always the best jokes ever  hahahaah.....still omg = oh my ghost. it's perfect XD
I love when my suite mates BLAST Fetty Wap while I'm trying to work. It's the best  #Im Upset
#East Enders Halloween didn't see that coming  #Saw Ita Mile Off
I feel like I did a full month of work just today. Tomorrow may be similar. Love month end.
One of my dearest friends told me to move to CO, as I am much happier there. Is it that noticeable?  ooh that was a sass tag.
Wouldn't it be # ironic if Harrison Ford drove a Chevy? # humor # cars #Star Wars # musings #Random Thought
Oh what a luxury! To be able to live life somewhat comfortably & normally while on my period! I am SO FUCKING GRATEFUL. # tamp on tax
I can't wait to sit in traffic later this afternoon.
Nice how some people are not jealous AT ALL ...
I love anyone who isn't himself wearing a costume, asking coworkers where their costumes are. # Halloween
Mmm love the smell of pies and beer on the train home # can you tell # grim
when the WiFi isn't working bc of the tornado watch and BAD weather so, u have to use data
According to the #CBC we're officially out of that recession. Wow I guess letting the budget balance itself really works.
I update my OKC profile more than I update my resume. # priorities
Warning to all MSP vscocammers: if you don't Instagram Bogart's Donuts or the floor of Moose & Sadie's, you are no one
I have the best friend ever
I love that everyone needs to know our business at all times. Social media is just the best
Wow, my weekend has REALLY started off nicely
Hate to bring bad news, but there are animals walking in pairs. # Noah #The Flood # Apocalypse :)
Well, so the Bible/Quran/etc was supposed to be interpreted metaphorically all along? Who would have thought that!
Geez, someone states something you don't like so let's cancel everything. Let's just all march back to our parents womb.
Apparently, keeping 100+ HD webinar recordings on your desktop slows down your computer's performance. Who knew?
So glad I have people in my life that take and take and take, but never give. Those people truly are a blessing...
Sports talk radio is at its best when the host interviews a buddy and they tell inside jokes the whole time. # o mah a # H u s k e r s
ESPN showing pure class as usual
The head of the RNC probably just axed the single most important debate in terms of the electorate population...Great.
Just a slight drizzle here today
A day doesn't go by without and # insults .
S/O to all my friends for checking up on me. I know y'all heard what's going on rn.
OMG! SHOCKING NEWS! The Walking Dead was renewed! Can you believe it??? # but super excited
So thankful that my child has at least one set of grandparents that give a damn. Wow, I won the parent lottery! # i love my in laws
Just wanna thank that nice woman who believed in me....
What do I like most about work? Well it has to be waking up at 4 in the morning on a Saturday
15. My life is super exciting...
I love having to work with a throbbing back. Makes it so much more fun. # o u c h # i just wanna stay in bed
Double shift for Halloween... Woo Hoo.
I love when people read my messages & then don't respond, especially when I'm asking a question.
Why is everyone greeting Adele?! They be like: Adele hello.
I love my Customers and they do not annoy me...they bring joy to my heart and out pours peace through my lips
Try new flavor of # passive aggressive # humor today. Google image search: “ ." provide search results in emails 2 deserving co-worker.
When ppl say 2 me "Happy Halloween," I reply with Merry Christmas. If they don't like it, I don't care. This is a Christian nation!
Don't mind the pregnant lady in the crosswalk. Just run her over. # people are ass holes
I love knowing that I am a priority
well history is an interesting class.
Oh how I love to be the last one to find out about anything you had plan or done !
im kinda helpin' u here duh
I really love repeating the words "sit down" 1100 times per hour. It feels good.
Yeah cultural appropriation and mockery of people's culture isn't a big deal you just want attention.
I can't wait for Demi to be burned at the stake again for making the national anthem her own / sound better
Waking up not able to walk without falling over. So. Happy.  Thankfully the numbness isn't as bad now. #livingwithachronicdisorder
& to make it all better my back still hurts....
White-water rafting prices in USA & Europe as Muslim baby drowning Muslim smugglers' demand for rubber dinghies in Turkey. # sad
$SCTY Fascinating that not a single stock ever goes lower because of selling. It is always the shorties "manipulating" it down.
Smh at all these races dressing up as different races. We need people upset about this ASAP
So what if climate change kills a few species? New ones will evolve and they might be more delicious.
You will get somewhere in Washington. Eventually your tweets will get recognition
It's going to be a good day.
last night a lady threw a fit because we dont give a clergy discount, was very rude about, How very # c hr ist i an of her...* *
Women are simple. Just like algebra. # the truth hurts
To the young lady at the information counter in the Philadelphia airport ... You were so nice , so pleasant NOT!!!!!
I didn't knw that Account hacking is such a "Halwa"..  it is.. Take it in any which ways you want to !
Man, I LOVE a walking, talking contradiction
Thanks to all those drivers that made today memorable  Welcome to Earth.
Why couldn't I be born a bum ass nigga so I can get a good woman, get her pregnant, treat her dirty & she'll love me forever
Perfect way to start the day.. Being abruptly awaken by a tornado passing by.. Just another day in San Marcos. # tired
Teacher: "Be classy not a slut. That's such an ugly word. Gross." Me: "what? Classy?" # school
I love when my friends go out of their way to do something nice for me
Begin my morning with a flat tire is just what I needed.
pewds would never lead us wrong about red its not like he will gain the most off of it or anything # fuck outta here
Remember to "Fall Back" this weekend. We wouldn't want you to be early for church ! # fall back # church # church matters
Digkacoi is a major doubt for our game against Ipswich.. Oh nooooo! He plays such a major role in cardiffs team. What will we do.
Oh look, another pregnant lady dressed as a pumpkin. How original... # i m that lady
So if people were food sterotypes, does that mean if I date one Korean girl I'll need another one in two weeks? # s l i g h t l y r a c ist
Had the best day ever yesterday
The 7 people who watch MSNBC are reporting that DeBlasio is endorsing Hillary. # game change r <=
When you accidentally dry your fav shirt that isn't supposed to go in the dryer and it shrinks x5 & your life is ruined. # but damn
Why do people with blue badges when they jump into there cars drive away remove the badge, are they afraid to show them or illegal
I am an Indian I love Pakistan Cuz every Father Loves his son And there are billions like me :,)
Where does Tyler Oakley buy his glasses? At Oakleys ofcourse!!! #Best Pun Ever
It's amazing that a private school like Skowhegan has been left to run roughshod over the competition like that. Shame on you, MPA.
helpful and encouraging to get useful review comments like "DELETE THE WHOLE CHAPTER" #IPBES
Don't misunderstand. You're just inexperience and don't know how to control yourself. Totally not your fault.
I love the anxiety that keeps me up all night! Yay! # who need se r p anyway
Yay root canal treatment appointment today. Woo!
Adult costume s should b something scary like a mortgage rate or + preg test # Halloween # costume # horrifying
#Reham Khan PTI tigeress distributing sweets. Unknown Sources
Wanted to go and buy some props cause tomorrow is Halloween but freaking rain came out of nowhere. # thank your a in
Gotta be up in 2hrs, whats the point of going back to sleep. # cant sleep
Of course Kasetsart had to have their function today when I finish work early & want to go out. Good thing the van air sucks.
So glad that whoever is playing the music turned it loud enough I can feel the bass while I'm laying in bed.
I just love traffic, it's the complete highlight of my day.
Dear Insafians .... you are not alone in mourning
Thanks to instagram I now know that 1 in every 3 women is a MUA...
Oh Bieber, I'm so sorry your fans let you down. They really should know better.I'm glad you taught them a lesson # irony week
I wonder how I can make "Yay" convey ! Lol
This #O R Evs A S U game is boring. Not living up to expectations. Disappointing.
Told my niece I was jealous of my grandma seeing angels as she is dying. Her response "your time is coming soon" # l ol #10 going on 20
Huge defensive stand there for the #Go Ducks  #Wheres The D
I sure hope the person running Rand Paul's twitter account struggles with . #Puck Faul
Perfect time for a halfback pass. Sure, why not?
love only working two days next week. :-)
My God, I wish the media would shut up about bacon. What? salty, fatty, fried foods ALSO increase cancer risk? Colour me shocked
I love going to shoot the ball in #NBA2K16 and getting called for a travel almost every time. # f rust rating
Real class from the timbers army.  #P O Rv S K C
Oh how I love pulling all nighters in the hospital # my life # l up us p robs
# n d p MLA of the month should be nominated by the # w r p . # Good sport . # able g
Well this is just great.. Sure makes my life easier ..
Yashraj should now make a sequel of DDLJ to protest against rising intolerance in Modi's India - Dilwale Dulhaniya Wapas Karenge.
KCU has wifi? Huh, I didn't know that. # w if i blows
When a girl whose name begins with a "K" and ends with "ylie" talks about my subtweets <<<<<<<<<
Ppl planning on stopping # k a r v a c ha u t h go ahead stop # Di w al i # H ol i all the festivals. Remove culture from India
Do Timbers fans understand that time wasting helps them? #S K Cv P O R #M L S Cup Playoffs # in tell i g en t fans
69' Adi with good work to spring Wallace but Rodney gets YC for bumping Melia on shot effort. Simply incredible.
Hall goes blocker side and that's in. Trade the bum.
And they weren't even playing at home  .....another 3rd period crash.....DONE....over it.....tmrrw, Arizona.... #Go Canucks Go
Buffalo breaking out the red uniforms on TNF? That'll be fun to see! Everyone loved the all-blue uniforms...  #Go Bills
Like omg the gym gives me sooooooooo much energy! # not #literallyshootmeifisaythis
Peach cobbler makes it all better  #HTGAWM
Ott says we are missing 3 key players...Shatty, Stastney and Schwartz. What about Berglund!
Tonsilitis and fever. Nice.just nice!! Thanks stress!! # s i c k a s f c k
If you have a face tattoo... You're probably going far in life. I can't wait to pay for you to live when you're old.
I'm a major fuck up, but I make up for it with my stunning charm # l m f a o #Why You Always Lyin
gosh I sure do love me some lgbt erasure
Boy the # H a b s look lost without Semin & Flynn is really dragging that 2nd line down.
I'm sure this period will go much better for the # Oilers # ye g
Nice job Dolphins. Score 44 last week. # i took the over
Listening to the most ironic music ever rn lol I love it #Idontactuallyenjoymusic  hashtagsilovethis
Cut my finger deep on a baguette today...What does it mean? # Hi p pie #Super Futurist
Good thing I started Dion Lewis # i didn t start him
Wow Mellie, don't be so kind # S c and al
Let's blame Okposo who tried to make a play but was defended too well. Griess looked great on that OT goal though...
Well wasn't that a romantic way of saying yes to your marriage propos al Liv?! LOL # S c and al #TGIT # G l a d i a t o r s
Welp. Tannehill's streak of completing every pass tonight continues. Deadly accurate on that one  #N Evs M I A #MNF
Andy Weir asks Andy Weir if he’s received # panorama , Andy Weir responds w , Andy Weir calls Andy Weir a # smart ass , Andy Weir copies.
Really the bridge is opening BEFORE the apocolypse?? Damn. I lost that bet
I, for one, am shocked that Ben Carson used his reputation as a neurosurgeon to sell dubious nutritional supplements.
Android users have access to the new Snapchat features, Wooooow!
Just found out Indiana was the first state to get electric street lights. I'll never look at our state the same way again...... # p s
Just got in ... was everyone SHOCKED that #Designer Edmond was saved?  #Project Runway
TOTALLY didn't see that coming... #Project Runway # totally saw it coming ...
Im not worried about #Miami's horrible play....Dolphins have NE right where they want them. I'm shitting.
Well of course I didn't see THAT coming.  #Project Runway
When your headlights stop working thank goodness its dark out
Yeah, Hawks were definitely a fluke last year. They'll be lucky to be over 500....  #We Gon Be Alright
I love being the only person who participates in class.
I was shocked to see these two commentators gush on Tom Terrific and the Patriots
Yet another "boring" dance on #TVD. Nothing EVER happens at dances.
You? Cried like a baby? Noooooo. #90 day fiance
It's ok ABC I didn't want to watch Grey's anyways...
Research quoted in #The Independent says  Increases creativity & psychological well-being!! Ha, so there, all you non-believers
Vanney's game plan working to a T!!! #TFC # brutal
Nicola Sturgeon must be quaking in her boots after the Scottish Labour leaders performance tonight # b b c q t
Why should Putin be checked? I thought Bush said he was a good person?  #FBN
This week is getting better and better.
10 year old kids in my store using curse words... what a time to be alive
Great night, putting up the rainbow flag,and hiding the book that offends everybody. What a wonderful time to live. # expected
Alright my friends! I need 6 guys to participate in a secret brother gift exchange.... # please stop # you will not get 6 free gifts
I LOVE being ignored. It's my absolute FAVORITE.
Great way to starting this trip
Gotta love # septa Show up almost ten minutes late and offer no apologies whatsoever. How nice.
The weather matches the way that I feel. Woohoo!
What? Part of the health app on my iPhone can keep track of my cervical mucus quality? Oh thank god...! # what # why do we need that
Natick Fans = Class  Yelling out to your OWN Coach 'Numb Nutts put in the Seniors'. And here I thought it was about the Team
One of my fav. # museum things: theatre style seating in front of a text panel. :| WHY!? # museum professional
"We'll go to Ethelred". Great idea, like he'll be ready...  #The Last Kingdom
Look twenty more guest stars are coming to ouat!! Goodie
Life just keeps getting better and better....
Home at a decent hour. You know what that means? Obviously not recording, nope, not one bit.
It is important to note that my birthday is also National Cat Day. # blessed <---
It's so nice that the bank (a.k.a. car note) decided to think of ME and send me my next car payment booklet. # Ugh
University cheerleaders dressing up as "zombie" cheerleaders is so original! # b e b e t t e r f e m e n i s t s #dressupasfamousfemalescientists
I Swear I Have The Best Luck In The World #shitontopofshitontopofshit # f ml
Oh yeah…tomorrow is my appraisal. Yay!
Trying to annotate a book is becoming one of my favorite things to do # grad school p robs
Oh good, the forecast for Saturday keeps getting hotter and hotter
Missing all the Halloween festivities this weekend due to work, is going to be awesome
I'm definitely digging # wicked city aka the most offensive show on TV (says who?) I guess its that time of the year to be # offended
What?! Button has a 50 place grid penalty and Alonso has 15 place grid penalty, what a shock
Pat yourself on the back for being that person to finally stand up for white people. Someone has to, they're so misunderstood.
HELL yeah... # Tie me down # drug me 5 # cops # laugh # joke ...then I AM the one who is AGGRESSIVE #WTF # hospitals # mental illness FRAUD
# the arc hers thank goodness they've found a way to keep Brookfield clean that doesn't involve the boys doing "women's work".
When you're running on 3.5 hours of sleep # need coffee # lets go # looking mah best
Oh cool. Now Google is looking into ways to track mental illness based on searches.  #This Is Real #Big Brother Is Alive
more dark clouds and rain in AZ... very nice here daily # global warming
Darn! the only homework I have is to sketch app icons. # the struggle # h o w s math # love art school # s a a is dash i b # lucky loop
Ooooooooo finances are the cherry on top of my favorite fn cake. ha.
Yay for the whole, "water being out in the entire complex" thing.
#NOW: #Peaceful Protest ( ) on #Day Of Rage in # Bah rain has # tires set on fire and blocking road in # Sit r a
Neurocognitive testing day with the girls' basketball team. They are having so much fun with it.  #Injury Preparedness
First 2 Cavities ever! Guess I stretched out 18 perfect years of perfect brushing. Thanks a lot to # diet coke for making it possible
Using Sir i to set a timer for my writing- "The suspense is killing me." No need for your , # Sir i . # am writing
Really enjoying the blatant sexism on the Steve Harvey show in the garage lobby.
By looking at Twitter you would never know it's National Cat Day #National Cat Day # cats everywhere
Wow, the Dallas Cowboy locker room is in disarray with Greg Hardy and Joseph Randle leading the way. Didn't see that coming.
Come the fuck ON. Young Miss Marple is the BEST IDEA EVER. # h ol l y wood is stupid #readyoursourcematerial P L E A S E
and # t a i g a forum 2015 I lied. I am HAPPY I don't have a profession that is 3,000 years old.
Congrats you've ruined some of my favorite things in life # con g rats #You Stink
The save link button on # face book was invented because someone was trying to view a link at # W al mar t and couldn't get a # signal .
I'm going to eat less # bacon since it causes #cancer....said no one ever! # food # humor
Omg! I heard there are chemicals in APPLES! What am I going to do? I love apples! # irony week
So much stupidity in the world! I am launching # irony week with a hint of . 7 days of ironic ranting, starting today
I can't wait until the GOP elect candidate disappoints so many that Hillary becomes our next president. # watch and see
Maybe they were being sarcastic when they said Jesus could just walk on water. They didn't perfect it back then. # Jesus # Water # l ol
"Later is the best time to do anything."
Chase Headley got robbed. #Gold Glove ...............................................................................................
Never, ever listen to anything outside your faith tradition. It might change your mind.
$GPRO How can this stock be going down? I was told Facebook will buy them for sure. Or Amazon! Or Blackberry! #Reality Bites
I LOVE when teachers don't give me perfect scores and don't leave comments. Its the best! # bitter
It's always a blessing when you see a state cop pulling criminals over on the interstate and ticketing them. #Violent Criminals
Home bound, man I love trains
Your inspirational tweets inspired me to unfollow you!!
What a GREAT day for a fire drill!
"I can most highly recommend the Gestapo to everyone" - Sigmund #Freud's # statement / after his last interview with the Gestapo.
People on twitter (anti Indian bloody) PM silent on issues. Non sense  I thought he only speaks
LRT: Reluctantly and regrettably? Sounds like a GM who didn't want to leave but was forced to. Oh I wonder by who...  #Blue Jays
I feel even the music director of # Ma ha b ha rat ham is far far better than the so called Rockstar DSP.. :D — feeling sarcastic
Breaking:: Rogers throws AA under the Bus!! #Blue Jays # shocking #Goodbye D P
Took me 4 tries to spell laboratory correctly. Woo! # fail
Surprised # r o one y la se r is not trending # major news
Paul Ryan got voted House Speaker. Great.
When this girl is practicing her presentation for everyone in Sennott to hear and she has the most annoying voice ever. # s t f u
If anyone asks I wasn't crying my eyes R red from all dis dank weed
Well lakers off to a great Start
FIA guys using cute female accounts they ask for date and arrest the guys on spot # Be ware
Hey news alert!!! #Paul Ryan elected speaker. That's # un believable
Q: How long do you sleep ...?? Ans: Fuck off let me sleep # sleep # Halloween
Yay, Jazz season is back!  local sports radio will be unlistenable for months. #Utah Jazz
Please snap your whole concert, I promise it's like I'm there too :-)
"What is your Problem? Are You just dumb, or is that normal for you?" #Just Shen Things #Ihate Dumbasses #Great Day  #Fuck You
Well that just made my day way better.
It makes complete # logical sense how # t a m p o n s are a # luxury , but viagra is a # medical necessity! # tamp on tax # women she al t h
What I've done this morning: sign up for monthly period box & found crockpot recipes. Clearly my work game is strong today
If you can't deal with my  then go FYS IDC !!
Patience, patience.. woosah woosah.... What a great start to Thursday! # brush it off
Kobe's back? Yup. 24 points... on 24 shot attempts. PLUS attempts that don't count by getting to the FT line. He's back alright.
I'm so lucky I got the Gokotai from the Event! I wouldn't have gotten him from normal maps aT ALL!!!!!!!  honestly, fUCK THIS EVENT
There were only 6 trick questions on my accounting test. Frankly I wish there were more.....
I wouldn't be able to imagine a world so cold nobody would be hot shit  #All Equal
Ratings will lead to targets will lead to stress. And I'm sure those who work in the #NHS would love more stress in their lives
Ganda ng PE ko shit. Ballroom Dancing. Thanks PLM .
GOOOOOOOOOD MORNING TWITTER! I am going to have a FANTASTIC day!
Shame on #CNBC for asking pertinent questions on today's issues. Next thing you know people won't accept #GOP rhetoric as fact!
What a great start to my day
Gotta go up to the council office # joy
Another wonderful and exciting day at The Department of Redundancy Department.
For the next two classes I get to sit down and play on my phone. # highschool is productive # drop out
Really excited to implement all those GOP solutions for our countries' problems that I heard last night!  #G O P Debate
I love it when I ask a question in map chat and people tell me I'm lying because my experience is different then theirs  #GW2
Berlin: the city where you're either avoiding a cyclist or a dog.
# B h a k t s and their trainers at #RSS should watch Charlie Chaplin's movies in order to learn how to use to rile one up, creatively.
can already tell this is going to be a LOVELY day
Thanks guys, I was really expecting to be on television today # because i made cup cakes
Driver just ran a red light and almost t-boned car pulling out beside me. Good thing I'm heading home so I can change my pants.
Gonna get the wife tampons for Christmas. Nothing but the best for my lady.  #Sanitary Not A Luxury
Irony - searching for news in a news paper amidst the ads... # l ol # news # modernism # a d v e r t is in g # news papers # t h u r s day # writer # life
Wow, my passion for paperwork lives on!
Got a compliment on my hair at the mini mart. My snarled mass of Medusa waves must be popular around these parts.
The influence of wealth has increased so much that the wealthy do not need to possess any other good quality in themselves-Deep T
I applaud the GOP for always being willing to stand in front of a camera even with so much media bias #C N B C G O P Debate #Unite Blue
I love myself dont need anybody else
Enjoying the latest # ma g en to SUPEE-6788 security patch!
" A small loan of million dollar" oh yeah such small loan, he should have gave you more
Weirdly awake in the AM again. Haven't even had caffeine to blame. Thanks brain/body, it's not like I have work or anything today.
My life is full of people and events.. can't you tell? ? I think nah
We're real winners here in Australia. Can't take refugees, but happy to house the world's nuclear waste. # a us p ol
Yeah snapchat, it's a great idea to allow reversed videos, including the music, so they can scare the shit out of me.  #Fucking Nope
Bloody soaked already gonny be a great day
It's weird, marriage.It's like this license that gives a person the legal right to control their spouse / their other half. # truth
Phil, retirement and tax dodger, Collins. Welcome back son - we've missed your vital input
I just love that I have to wear my glasses to work for the next week... # blind life
Advice from Damien Darhk, that seems like a good plan. # Arrow
Story of my life : They are always right : i'm always wrong They are always good : i'm always the bad guy at the end of the story
99.99999% sure I'm going crazy. # great
"The government has lied to you?!?!?!?!" No way!!!  #C N B C G O P Debate
Broke my phone, ripped my pants, and moving to Magnolia within the next week. Fun day.
How Can Mirrors be Real If Our Eyes Aren't Real? # the moon # never trend # stupid # cool # sat urn # mars
There's biased in the media??? No way  #C N B C G O P Debate
When your girl can call in another girl for a threesome, she'd make a great wife  #Mortal Gxds
Wait, there was a Republican debate?!
The only place we don't need to take money from is the military. We need all the bombs for killing Muslim # go p thought
15 points at half, not bad for the 93rd best player in the league...
I'm reading "7 days with Hypocrites." I think I may voluntarily hand these out to some of you SWEET people. :) # n e e d m o r e j e s us
Did any more # p s e u d o i n t e l l e c t u a l s returned awards 2 protest the gruesome murder of LeT commander Abu Qasim. #Yo Awardees So Farzi
That #G O P Debate though. Glad the moderators kept things under control...
Without  certain situations might become boring!
"I have more motivation when I'm not depressed and in other news: water is wet." # stuff i say # depression # motivation # mental health
Clearly #De Grom is not a postseason pitcher and now # C u e to is... #The Narrative # Dodgers # Mets # R o y a l s # K e r s ha w
In real life I failed my Econ midterm. With the curve, I got a B. This is fun.
HOLY FUCK!!! RICKETTS DIDNT LET THAT IN!  #L A Galaxy
I guess this #World Series is over. A comeback from 0-2 never happens.  #1986 Again #History Repeats Itself #LGM #Ya Gotta Believe
#G W2 Ho T needs more patch es, waking up every day and having to # patch isn't enough for me. Needs to be at least 5 times a day...
I am the nicest person I know. An asshole sometimes, but it takes someone special to bring that out.  Racist though? Far from it.
Big hit by Perez. They must have something on Niese....
#Breaking News # R u bi o and # Cruz make unwarranted attacks on US media.
Spurs need to figure out out of timeout sets.  #Overreaction Skip Bayless Tweet
If you go to a concert make sure to post tons of snapchat stories, they are the best!
So does anybody else think the debate instigators were fantastic tonight?
I have to give it up for Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton for doing an outstanding job tonight at the #G O P Debate . Lol
13/39 for Durant and Westbrook. Man that must be a fun team to play on….
Fox cut away from God Bless America? Oh the humanity!  #World Series
Club Nintendo is finally being replaced with "Nintendo Account" good job with the naming there guys. I'm glad you're so creative.
So from the looks of my twitter feed the debate is going well  #G O Pdebate
What a closing statement from Trump. # very in formative
Boy, they really know how to light up a room. Turn down the wattage. It’s too bright in here.  #G O P Debate #Chesterfor Chester
The r e is no money in the SS t r ust fund. Well that's disconce r ting. # r and pa u l # c n b c go p debate #SocialSecu r ity
Huh haven't seen that before over the last 5 years..
Also maybe give more funding to research to help find cures...oh wait more spending, that won't fly #G O P Debate
Well, that's it. I'm voting for Jeb bc he's 7-0 in #Fantasy Football So glad such a pertinent question was asked #G O P Debate
Let's talk about fantasy football and then follow up with climate change # priorities #debate Econ
This question about fantasy football is SUCH A GREAT QUESTION.
Good plan, lets only pay universites that graduate kids, that will lead to rigor
#C N B C G O P Debate #F E D Govt took over Mustang Ranch in NV They ran it in2 Bankruptcy They can't even run a Cathouse that serves liquor
When are the GOP candidates going to get to the real threat to Americans, that being #Climate Change #C N B C G O P Debate
I reallyyyy love post season commentators.  #World Series #LGM
As if I can't see it for myself, all accounts on Twitter are telling me how good the Royals are. Thank you for letting me know.
Kasich is running on the success of fracking. Which is only fair because he invented it.
#G O P Debate I agree, I know so many people who have overdosed on marijuana  but seriously stop avoiding the question
Sure Huck, let's just cure those major diseases because that's certainly a realistic scenario.  #C N B C G O P Debate
Way to be tough, moderators.  #G O P Debate
#G O P Debate yeah jet your plan will totally work!!!  also assumed that his own plan (George's) will work better than bernies
Lets get rid of all subsidies.I'm sure that'll go over well. It won't sucker punch the economy right in the nuts at all  #G O P Debate
#Ben Carson, yes - because subsidies for farmers are just because they aren't trying to be good at their job
Yeah going back to the gold standard , that would be GREAT for the economic. Pandering to libertarians maybe?!  #G O P Debate
man this snapchat update is just wow, so much fun!
A woman interrupting a woman. Where you at feminists?
These moderators aren't liberal at all  #G O P Debate
Mets are taking some serious hacks tonight # Mets #LGM
Trump is showing his humility again.
#C N B C G O P Debate Trump says he's the only candidate who is self funded. Wow. I wasn't expecting to learn anything new tonight.
I love leaving the bases loaded
Day has just been great all around
Oh oh will the people that wanted Winslow acknowledge that he just got a foul called on him?
I've had some good luck today. That's for sure. # c r ab by camper
These moderators are so awesome the audience is booing them. How dare you challenge Ben Carson!  #Republican Debate
Thanks for that picture of you and you girlfriend doesn't hurt my feelings at all  alert
Best part about watching hockey? Definitely the big room house at every whistle.
A woman with a pricing issue called me pathetic tonight; and I was about to give her what she wanted. #i Love Retail
Jeb bush will only kiss a Democrat woman though. Because gays are bad
Well, this has been quite fun!! I am just wandering thro u g h England asking people where a green chapel is # u g h # kill me now ... # oh wait
Krispy Christie advocating government strong-arming? I'm shocked!  #C N B C G O P Debate
wow thank you for educating me, everyone else told me being a dancer would be fun and games, I changed my mind
How clever of Cruz and Rubio to go after the media  #G O P Debate #Republican Debate
Oh so now you talk to me after I avoid you for an entire day # Cool
The most beautiful place in Britain is crew
I thought this was supposed to be a policy debate - thanks CNBC for bringing the mud pies. #G O P Debate /
I officially have a # cold . Great.
yo dem fam, who you voting for in the primary? #G O P Debate
Finally experiencing the "oh crap I'm going to miss my connection and have to stay overnight in an airport" moment. Feels GREAT.
Rubio, shockingly, was prepared for that question. # not shocking
Yes, let's stimulate the economy by forcing lots of government workers to lose their jobs. that makes PERFECT sense.  #G O P Debate
Crowd starts chanting, "Crosby Sucks." Very original, I am sure he has never heard that one before. # P e n s
#G O P Debate just started and they're already argumentative and interrupting. Pretty solid leadership skills right there..
Bernie Sanders promises free college. Trump promises free walls. Free stuff for everyone!  #C N B C G O P Debate
And folks, Ted Cruz is passionate about the Constitution. Such a weakness.  #G O P Debate Also, he'll drive you home after you drink.
Congrats DC, You guys are awesome and that was totally a foul. # worst re fever
#C N B C G O P Debate #TedCruz's weakness is a passion for the constitution?These candidates must have unbelievable strengths. #G O P Debate
Jake from State Farm is alive. I repeat, Jake from State Farm is alive. The condition of his khakis is TBD.
First question, what is ur weakness...it seems like none of them have any. Holy crap they all seem perfect!  #G O Pdebate #C N B C Debate
You totally answered that question about weaknesses. Well done.  #G O Pdebate
Live broadcast tweets? How cutting edge...  #C N B C G O P Debate
Glad to see we can grab a rebound...
Emergency Flashers (n) - a button you press whenever it is raining to let other drivers know it is raining.
So glad i have such awesome friends i can always count on and have my back. # fuck hall owe en
By reading my Twitter feed, no one is posting about the all important Republican debate # sports
Felicity burying hurt because that always works. # Arrow
So much emphasis on "polls". Last major poll said they polled 575 people. That's it! Cancel the vote. We know who EVERYONE wants!
I'm going to bed. OMG! Sam went to bed, too! # soul mates # pregnant # w e d d i n g i n d e c
Jah probably should have stayed in school and developed his defense....
Well...hear goes another season of # N e t s basketball
Oh Yay the leg spasms have migrated and are starting in my hip # spoon i e problems
Annual enrollment. High deductible coverage costs going up, up, up... Thanks Obama!
if gays get married then the world will explode and a big dragon will burn it more and then wolves will poo everywhere # no l an live
Holy shit balls.. this day could've been a little worse/more stressful..
you want me to intimidate him into not being afraid?not sure I know how to do that
Oh look. The Jem and the Holograms movie is doing awefully. I'm so shocked.
# Prison 24 I feel bad that lass feels violated.
House passes Boehner/Obama budget. Raises spending levels. Unlimited borrowing by Treasury for next 17 mos. What's not to like?
Went to the gym today but forgot to take a mirror selfie. Now no one will know
Could this week get any better?
I love how people are quiet at the library.
Rooney and Fellaini's link up play....so exhilarating!
Wait, what?!? Padme is the Queen and the Queen is a decoy!?! I did not see that coming when I first saw this film.
60lbs in two weeks. # weight loss goals atta boy dad.
they stabilized a bridge in their basement genius ! right ? #The Flash
Rumored: Obama - backed by Justice Dept. - poised to add amendment to Bill of Rights: ATTITUDE!!! #CONSERVATIVE # C o n s t it u t ion
In # b ever l y hills wondering why the yards are so green smack in the middle of a drought.
I so love an exercise in futility. Makes the day of the office so much fun
Guys, I get to work at 5:30 am tomorrow. NEAT!
I had a burger for lunch AND dinner today... I've effectively doubled my risk of cancer! # n o t s r s
Cheers to the person who egged our house last night. Really enjoyed cleaning that up after a 12hr night shift # allergy # s hits
My boss MADE me look at hedgehog pictures for work. WHAT A TERRIBLE JOB. # small and spike y # just like me
Can't wait to see Rooney come on, in the 2nd half.
It's almost 6months now and Buhari has still not 'Islamized' the country. What's taking him so long na lmao.
Today is my 323 month of # life and my wish is that people listen past my monotone # voice and enjoy my # life problems # winning
That wonderful moment you go to an awards ceremony and gala in a work suit and all the women are glam
Sometimes my heart feels like to invite all my desires and dreams on dinner .... . . . . And give them a poison to death.....
((I don't need to add  at the end right?))
I'm not sure but I think by looking at the snapchat stories we had a blood drive today...
Perhaps Lot thought his children could witness to the other kids at Sodom Public School. # Home school # V aye i r a
Arkham Knight is being re-released on PC. I vaguely remember that game. I think it came out on console a year ago. Or something
Klopp must be impressed with the anfield atmosphere
Got that late October sickness I seem to get every year at this time.. # ya y # stoked
If your going to make a big statement on social media, make sure they're ain't no grammar mistakes.
Omg, now all we have to do is escape the screenplay writing process to Good Will Hunting. # p robs yeah Totes super-easy.
Calls from a collection agency re a debt that was supposed to never exist REALLY make my day. Almost as much as # F and u e l commrcls.
House up 4 sale. Fun times looking 4 another 1
Girl :How many classes are you taking in spring ? Me : HA like 12 Girl: really !?
"How old are you?" has evolved into "How sold are you?" # truth # fact
U Knw d other person is # Bo red wen d convrstion is filled with # l ol evn when the joke is falling flat.. Or the IQ is questionable
To the teacher that felt the need to get the police to remove a child from your class..Great job!! Rid yourself of ego. # e g os
Zuckerberg in IIT Delhi Q/A : Q : Do you eat beef ? Zuck : Yes 1 Hour Later : Breaking News ... Zuck Arrested - FB Banned
Girls, in India, are so concerned for their face that they protect it by covering a cloth not helmet!!
At heenans Halloween party such good times # halo we en # raving
I see there's a teacher at my old Baptist school whose husband was once arrested for child porn. Can I tell you how stunned I am?
Every time I sit in my math class I think of all the ways I'm going to use this .
Gotta love an office where the heat & the AC run at the same time. # model of efficiency
I just got a tweet from some guy who is tweeting everyone that retweeted that article. # so blessed
İ have build a very strong relationship with Google translate and Tureng. They are my new found friends and we're inseparable.
How dumb am i? I have always thought sucking dick was sex. # s m h Y do yall think oral isn't sex?
I really love it when people talk loudly to "each other" but they're really hoping you hear what they say.
Monday I got called racist, yesterday my opinions got called trash; can't wait to see what today brings!
Teaching with no voice is just the best
I've seen a # D r up al 7 site with 1500+ modules today... I think I've seen everything in this world... o.O :D # d r up al # w e b d e v
so the announcement is about camp mars? awesome
thank you Apple for making your Magic Mouse 2 only compatible with El Captain... really useful at work where we can't upgrade
Could It Be? Selected Media-types checking fine print on their recent TrumpTower leases as Trump drops in polls? # media
Dear all baseball-related accounts, thank you for consistently telling me the # Mets lost Game 1 of the #World Series. I need that.
Trying to pick a Halloween costume for saturday, should I be a "sultry swat officer" or a "racy raccoon"? # Halloween
Just so everyone knows. The men that got signed to wwe. Ya i know one of them #insertpersonalstoryhere
I think  is best communicated online through MiXeD CaSE LeTtEriNg. Can we make this a #t Re Nd already?
Rumored: With Trump's drop in nationwide polls, Breitbart is reducing staff/salaries...much like candidate, Jeb Bush. # media
Got winked at by an Auld One in a van. Stillll got it!...  :D
Wow what a great start to my day
I just learnt about 'Purity Balls/Contracts'. Because- you know, a girls worth nothing to anyone if she's had sexual relations.
AND I'm off to the dentist. YAYAYAAY!
I didn't even realize there was a Republican debate tonight. Yay for PAC power!! # one per centers # Bernie 2016 #Feel The Bern
Doesn't a cast mean a broken bone? Did Fields break this kid's arm? "Somebody call 911" # assault at spring valley
ugh typos. but hey I can make a poll. # edit button
$DNRG heading back to lows of the day with cjstocks posting like crazy about it...totally shocked by that # penny stocks
love the extra crunch eggshells provide in my omlet! # m mm crunch y
Men asking wives, "can you be more forgiving, more understanding of my wants and needs, more like... #Khloe Kardashian" # humor
#The Other Parent is here for the next few days. Deep, deep joy.
& now I feel dumb, it took me 20 minutes to figure a word for 54 points. #Wordwith Friends  lol
So my laptop decided that I no longer need the 'e' 't' or '1' and '2' buttons. Typing is such a treat now!
#Wordwith Friends there are time when I do not like u/ like this time: a person who I play with scored 114 points on her turn!  lol!
Wow. I never knew that would happen. What a shock.
So much love for forgetting my Rescue Remedy and my fan on the laptop breaking  Nightmare day for an autistic person!
Such lovely Scottish weather today. # summer # comeback
Lebron James drops to 0-27 in opening night games #NBA  #C L Evs C H I
Today the Senate passed CISA, in what is just another example of the government properly representing the interests of the people.
oh, good, more rain; haven't seen enough of that lately yet
Is Jerry Kill retiring due to health reasons?
Um so 1:1 shouldn't be project status updates? # confusion #EDU15
I am convinced half of my life is spent waiting for # n j transit ..... # always late .....and the super old trains ride so well
Google Play now offers Podcasts. Did an Apple patent expire? ;-)
Cameron's cheap jibes suggest he is rattled more than has been at #P M Qs for a long time! His  suggests paucity of rational responce!
People are taking the news that processed meat causes death/cancer really well # s h u t u p y o u f a t c u n t s # it old you so # boo h o o
Can't wait for a black cop to do this to an 'unruly' white girl. I'm sure all of the comments will be exactly the same. #SVHS
Why not hand him over all the accounts? Makes everything easier and everyone happier! # Work
Another day of blissful existence at The Department of Redundancy Department.....
Bout to nap so hard. Please no calls or messages. I know its hard to hold off
Congratulations to One Direction for beating the Beatles record for consecutive top 10 hits; will always be remembered
Something special about getting to work when it is dark and leave when it is dark
Who is excited to go on a field trip in this beautiful weather?!
Alfonso Aguilar is a quality spokesman #Morning Joe
This meeting is going to be awesome
I love Gilmore Girls. I am almost a hundred percent sure that someone followed me about to create Lorelai. #Gilmore Girls # lore la i
That's it! Everything bad that's happening to me is because of those chain emails I didn't forward back in 2009. I knew it!
Couldn't find my umbrella. Had to stand in the rain for the bus. This day is going to be awesome.
No thanks, cardio, but dealing with bullshit at work gets my heart rate up just fine by itself! #For Real Though #Peak Is Going To Be Fun
Conveniently can't remember how to speak French when writing an email in French # perfect # g ah h # w e d n e s day
As I patiently wait for my sister at the rose bank station
Big hand for # l on don mid l and turning a 20min journey to London into 1hr20. Plus luv how u always do it in the rain! # shit e service
Central line is down. Therefore I'm being treated to a bus trip scenic tour of the council estates of east London! Lucky me!
Today I have to get all my paperwork together for my tax self assessment. Needless to say I'm very excited... # not
Nothing like almost falling asleep and then suddenly you feel like puking exorcist style everywhere!
Raining? On a Wednesday? That never happens..  #B U C S Wednesday
Back after a long weekend, I missed the lovely english weather. # glad to be back
First run in the UK since getting back and got nipple chaffing # brilliant
got tonsillitis, fever and huge headaches. i'm having a blast
is the body's cure for stupidity
#H B D Maryam Nawaz She might be competing # Mal a la for the seat of #PM in the future. :P
Seems like the new transport minister is doing well…
super songs on # face book # town hall 2015 .. thank you ...event manager you rock..
Is loving the extra hour, yesterday 4.55 today 5.05, I needed an extra hour in the day anyway
Hosmer bat flip; so disrespectful, right baseball people?!?!?!?  #World Series
Our local FOX affiliate (Channel 8 in CLE) just went to COMMERCIAL during the game. Which means we missed the first AB. Well done
Some people just don't understand/appreciate the potential afforded by # t wit t e r Such inane tweets - it's repulsive
No, I don't have a sore throat. I feel great. Thanks for asking. # sore throat # not sick
AD is 1-15? Yeah totally better than KD like most say...
"Oh no! We can't sit in a booth. Now what are we going to do?" Said all the whiney high schoolers ever. #The Struggle For Them
Let's go to t h at 13 t h inning... Not like anyone has to work tomorrow # not really t h ough # t h ankful its going to t h e 13 t h
Nothing quite like a leisurely 15 hour workday at the office. # is it march yet
Total choke job by Daniel Murphy for not hitting a home run tonight. What a bum. # Mets
Here corns Cuddyer yayyyy I'm sure he'll be productive
But Mike and Molly was on Fox, what is this baseball game thing?  #World Series #Take The Crown #Dont Mess With The Game Again
"You never know how trades are going to work out." Thanks, Harold. Never knew that.  #Replace Fox
I finally saw Fast and the Furious 7 two nights ago and I am convinced that Kung Fury is a more realistic movie. # movies # wit
Way to start it off Clippard...
when people think this smiley face :-) is genuine # help
And all I smell on the bus is McDonalds ... Thanks mom for the money you gave me...
#Trunk And Treat so instead of going to stranger's house, you go to the trunk of their car...that seems safer. # Halloween
Oh, absolutely. On bended knees now. Prayer will resolve any nasty thoughts of climate change/scientific facts. # m o r o n s
Cavs lost their season opener. The city of Cleveland already starting to panic. SEASON'S OVER! #N B A Tip Off2015
Daniel Murphy has gone ice cold. He only has 2 singles tonight. Tough night for the Murph. # world series 2015
I think we need more broken sticks in this Wild game...
Extreme mood swings are the best. Thank you, medication. -_-
Well. It's official. After one game, Lebron is definitely not clutch. # n b a
First game of the season and Lebron chokes, wow didn't see that coming
To be fair, Gryba was really under a lot of pressure there.
I spend so much time trying to contain my enthusiasm about the future.
Congrats Chicago you're barely beating a not 100% Cavs team better start that parade now
Should be a fairly easy W for the # C a n u c k s . # C a n a d i e n s haven't been very good this season, I hear.
TT is so worth the $82 million we are paying him
I didn't know Lebron got his referee license this summer! # again
Oh blimey, Moving to Cambridge as it seems... Well, that's the last potato I'm digging up! # oh bloody hell
Columbia is the second classiest team I've ever played. right behind st. Catherines...
please just chew and breathe a little louder. that's not annoying at all.
When the closest D1 city looking at Frenship talent is FortWorth, you know Tech totally invests in kids from their backyard... # tt u
What did we ever do before replay?!!!  #World Series
Consistency from the zebras tonight! Wow! #Red Wings
Yeah, fellas, you know what's soooo sexy? A picture of you holding a bloody animal carcass. # tinder in the south # tinder # du h
People always choose the best photos to post with or of you on your birthday.
ESPN has Wolves/Lakers as their nightcap tomorrow? Clash of the Titans.
Verajo with a jumper a step inside the 3 point line....yeah, that's the shot we wanted # c a vs
Hey Joe Buck did you see that spectacular ground ball Escobar hit?! Amazing grounder  #World Series #LGM
I'M SO HAPPY I'M WORKING MY FIRST WORLD SERIES TONIGHT.
Buck weasels his way back into our lives... Sigh... #World Series Oh good, he brought Reynolds with him.  #Take The Crown
coulda used a few more goals doe. # woo o o # b ruins # me o w
Next up, #IBM and #Blue Box. Not pitchy at all. Super emotive.  #Open Stack Tokyo
Great we get Joe Buck back!
Man looks like that big contract for Tristan Thompson is really paying off.
Fortunately, Fox has no tech difficulties for the commercials...
Video technical issues with the #World Series. #Thanks Obama # f b
This is some top quality coverage of the World Series...
FOX IS THE GREATEST BROADCASTING ORGANIZATION ON EARTH.
Oh, good, at least the commercials still work  #World Series
Loads of racism in football out Russia way... I know.. Let's have a world cup there. fifa. # brilliant
Is something happening with Fox's coverage of baseball because no one is tweeting about it.
It would be so terrible if we can't go back to Joe Buck calling this game.  #World Series
Way to go #Joe Buck!  But seriously...
Oh good, they stopped play. I was worried I missed a strike or a ball or an out, haha #World Series # g o r o y a l s
Baseball halftime(almost)! Analysis in every bottom of the 4th inning is the new great sports broadcast idea.
Please assign us a few more words I love it
I like love when guys are nice to me and then ignore me once they find out I'm not single it makes me feel so valuable
Thanks Fox, we really didn't want to watch anyway.
Is there a limit on the number of plays eligible for holding calls in a game? # s a b r e s
Clearly Getzy was holding this team back.
Yes we need more gaming podcasts That will help the # G am in g industry # every ones an expert on twitter
it was soooo nice to see you again
Oh! There he is. I missed him so much  #C A V Svs B U L L S
What a pitchers duel #World Series # far t noise
I forgot how good moe Williams was defensively
To you, You deserve it, because let's face it, you exist
Yeah Thompson clearly worked on his game this off season  82 mil for a hustle rebounder. Damn I'm in the wrong bizz
Dammit Cavs. Championship contender my ass.
Oh boy do i really know how to pick the right guys
But that lazy Suter not Norris worthy..nah
Hasn't the Republican majority in the House and Senate been Awesome........
# C e s p e des stretched it out so hopefully that will keep him from MISSING AN INSIDE THE PARK HOME RUN!!!! #World Series # Mets # R o y a l s
Ya know, I didn't even want to go to the game... I don't even like baseball
Murphy seems like he sucks. Amirite?
I sure hope Fox uses that field level camera to show every ball hit to the outfield in the #World Series. Great perspective.
Silly me, I thought u developed some standards... What was I smoking? # clearly you haven t # you re missing out # you cant h and let his
It just took me 50 minutes by bus, train, and another bus to get from State&Lake to State&15th. Thanks # O b am a ! # my president
I just love spending hours on this lesson just to find out I'm doing it wrong. Thanks. # if you could n t tell
I can't wait till I have kids and put incredibly high expectations on them in athletics that will determine how much I love them.
I just witnessed a girl take a snap of the outback sign on hall because "out" was burned out. #So Funny
I have the best extended "family"
But trust cloud services and put all of your financial docs, pics, personal memories there. They're secure against prying eyes
#I Will Only Date You If u'll ply spngbob wth me.
how are lesbians happy? come on your cant say happiness without penis # not serious
don't you just love it it when people completely ignore you
Medically cleared to start exercising again...yeah!
Ben Fields can't be racist because he's dating a black woman.  #Assault At Spring Valley High
Couldn't happen to two nicer managers.
May have accidentally texted Blake about my brother's seizure when I was trying to text my mom #Way To Go
Laffety, goals galore last round and given zero minutes AGAIN! Make a sub to defend a draw in a cup game,that's logic! # can a r y call
Exciting day ahead! Exam at 7:30-9:00, Surgery from 9:00-4:00pm and Thesis outline defense from 4:00-5:00 # excited # shit hahaha
Jose gets his wish Chelsea finally getting some penalties! # penalty #C F C Live #CFC
exam scenes in Teen Wolf 4x07 give me delightful memories
Can't wait till my "clean coal" arrives ... ordered it online in 1997.
Each sub section in WGI needs a Facebook page. This is a must. No exceptions. Can't be good without em.
nothing says compassion like copying and pasting something about cancer or depression that we've all seen 300 times.
I'm sure that red card for Stoke will mean Costa faces another 3 match ban # c f c
When your boss says have a great day today get up go home #Thats A Great Day #Life Choices #Funny Quotes # Lo l
my life is just sooo awesome lately!!!
Awesome windgusts 35-40 mph & rain tomorrow. Atleast it will be a high of 71. I'll be in it all day lol, yay me!
Don't you just love it when the internet connection lies saying you have a strong connection when you actually have hardly anything
Thank god the cop was called to resolve the conflict... # assault at spring valley
I love Osman Yano and Roberto
Hey Stalker. Like this tweet # thug life # time pass
Arsenal fans be like "We don't need the #Capital One Cup its useless"
Will be excited to see the brilliant and well thought out ideas from the #Hatein Salt Lake conference this week!
Like this new blue and white striped kit we're playing in. Don't like Wednesday's black/turquoise combo though......oh!!!
And the biggest plot twist of the day, USA wins gold!
YouTubers agli EMA's, YouTubers a XF, YouTubers da Bieber, YouTubers da Fedez...e poi la gente dice che non fanno niente!
Today just keeps getting better and better
#Halle Berry getting divorced...well that's a shocker
this Halloween needs more slutty Harley Quinn's ....
Telling mum I'm getting a new tattoo - "Yes. Great idea Candice, you really need to be making more snap decisions these days"
A phone chat with my mother was just what I needed to calm me.
#Thug Life HAVE I LIKE..FORGOTTEN YOU:-// seriously *bows to self* *_*
Hmmmm. Love me some rain soaked # shoes .
#Assault At Spring Valley They should just let kids run the schools and do what they want. Especially if you're black or Muslim.
It's nights like this I wish we still had Clinton Morrison playing for us! #S W F Cv A F C # s w f c
Halle Berry getting divorced. Whoa. Did not see that coming.
Oh I love Daryl vs Beth fight. Such romance, wow. Such love.
I go on "normal" driving mode on Hillcroft since everyone knows how to drive good :) in that area # h oust on drivers # f b
So cattle are up $1.20 on tomorrows trade. Why not.
family member: what are you doing with your life? me: it's a surprise # g i o art # diamond in the dirt
They probably gone have football practice during basketball season .
If this week could get any worse, that'd be GREAT.
Tickets for Turkey? So the tickets go to the players?
It's very interesting to listen to someone who knows everything about anything. # knowledge
Hello frio my old friend... # humor # p o e s i a # s q n # vintage # m o n s t r a o
Mint tea helps almost anything. Unless you hate it, then your screwed. # tea # quote of the day
Hello # woman in biz # wine o clock how are we? This time last week I was in Greece. I'm not sad about that, not sad AT ALL!!
You know what? I found it offensive when Nick Cannon dressed in "white-face" so... I think I'm gonna sue.
OH "If we can’t solve this problem with a hackpad we can definitely solve it with a slack channel"
In lovely Tracy, CA right now  re lovely
This isn't gravity at all! Pretty sure floating is the opposite of gravity.  #Play Station P G W
A healthy dose of # British here at # f m c 15 - # b r ill ant .
I love it when hunger and a sore throat combine to make me feel sick :( # not really
No nuisance calls on answer machine today, I feel so abandoned and lonely # not lonely
Went to the gym, now I'm eating taco johns, it's all about balance.
A Daily Mail columnist disgusted at House of Lords rejecting cuts to working tax credits. Could of blown me down with a feather.
Well that settles it. If Mike Tyson believes in Donald Trump for President then by golly so should I.
The thing I love most about commuting is being squashed..
Forget government. Already on way to single payer healthcare. How long before $WBA-$CVS? Then $UNH buys them, $HCA & $PFE? # or is it
is really the only time people tell the # Truth
I am now fully trained in how to stab myself in the leg safely. It's been an awfully exciting day.
I love how the train was 10 minutes late today and the Metro North solution is to do 70 mph to make up for lost time # very safe
I think we, as a society, should hug everything out.. Refuse commands, hugs. Undisciplined teenagers, hugs. # spring valley high
Well ...I never expected a Paige Turn
# hotdogs proven cancerous.Can we sue Oscar Mayer and pull their advertising? Only 18+ should be able to get those cancer sticks.
It's funny how Adele's lyrics are so on point.
Closet door went off the tracks. # great
Didn't know that George R. Martin had written the past episode of #The Walking Dead # t w d # crying
The # Texans need a rb maybe we can trade them Boom Herron and help them out.... # buffalo bills
You know your day is on a good path when you stick you boob in a stamper ink pad. # library problems .
processed meats cause cancer. wow, I'm shocked
Employment for this job had nothing to do with the previous employment
The fundamental argument about allowing rape is not law, it is about preserving personal freedoms. It's symbolic. ~HerrKalbagtheory
I've watched $AAPL's stock price for years. I predict they are going to blow away their earnings today. Go bet all of your money.
Keep lieing to the UN, though .. Make them happy ^ _ ^
Lie a little more to the UN about "why nobody will talk to me" ..
Lara - Zaveck = "PBC's Fight of the year!" #Sarcastic Tweet # Box in g #PBC
Shoutout to the people outside of the AA building by my house, you know how much I love when you stare directly at me. #real M V Ps
Well my day is off to a wonderful start
How dare our babysitter always be busy???? # u r g h # selfish bitch # need a date nights tat
Oh, hello, Shawn Colvin. Hello, end of October. Thanks for teaming up to remind me of what happened two years ago. Thanks.  -.-
When your brother acts like an ass thanks for that
Great way of validating yourself on a social media. Congratulation on that. #Pat On The Back
Bad thing about is that Stupids and Fools don't get it easily . # Nepal 's social media is full of those creatures .
I love it when it mommies talk to me like I'm a toddler.  #Its A Beautiful Day In The Neighborhood
Order of the day: real property tax # ya y me
crazy theory about glen! #TWD  it's obvious. the show is not subtle.
Cough & colds, overtime work, audit season... what a great, GREAT combo!
Why would Fraeye give up lucrative & highly paid job managing a team 12th in the Belgian 3rd Division if # c a f c post was 'interim'?
hocker - The Police Officer who Manhandled the Black Female Teenager in South Caroline has a history of Violence. Really??? ...
Shocker - The Police Officer who Manhandled the Black Female Teenager in South Caroline has a history of Violence. Really???
I love that # favor has breakfast options, but doesn't open till 11am #i N E E Dcoffee N O W
Also in the schedule it lists WGI as it's usual length. So there will be no racing on the GP boot section in 2016. #Thanks N A S C A R
Going to bed with wet hair makes for some pretty hair in the morning.
All day meetings are my favorite thing. # juste mail me
Treat your employees right so that they don't have to use your internet to search jobs outside #Thought For The Day
Another day, another fun commute to work courtesy of WMATA (DC metro) # met r o fail # i need a car here
BuzzFeedOz: bread flavored milk sounds like it has a lot of flavor #Bake Off A U # A u s s i e
bread flavored milk sounds like it has a lot of flavor  #Bake Off A U
Love it when my cashiers turn up for work
Good start to the half term. £493 to get the car through the mot. £85 for speed awareness course. # not best pleased
lol my life has just been getting better and better
Oh my hatred for you has no limits.
Vomiting at 4:30 in the morning for no reason is my absolute favorite thing ever.
When are you getting married? How about never?
Isummer storms.Even when they start in Oct. & wreak havoc during peak hour. It makes me happy when it's impossible to get home.
Internet sucks... too slow like a turtle. It's slow at home, in the internet cafe... and even in the coffee shop. Wow!
I finally choose to eat and feel sick afterwards... not doing that again # but really
Happy that I didn't stay up to study for the test because I'd fail anyway. Fuck fuck fuck.
No that's okay tumblr, I didn't want to look at you that much anyway
How did we ever survive before life hacks?
I had a dream I was swimming in a ocean of orange soda. Turns out it was just a Fanta Sea! # dream # Super girl # Hal o 5
still at work. this is great.
My Uncle is working on bringing back chain emails. *So* excited I decided to give him my email address.
So glad I came home tonight  #Cheer Up #I Didnt Even Do Nothin
Shoutout to the people who "help" me with pre cal.
That's weird. I didn't see that coming at all.
FLACCO is so elite it's not even funny # f l a c c o s u c k s
CROCKETT GLMORE DAAAAAAAAAAAAAYUM KID. #JOEFLACCO #ELITE #AF ? #WHOKNOWS #B A Lvs A R I #Monday Night Football
Sure # Chevy . That's not an actress. Plenty of white women in their 40s describe things as "dope"
Wow. What a shocking end to #RAW
I'm real excited for the next main event for the #WWE title. # Raw
my self confidence is BOOMING right now
I'm so glad that my frustrated, relevant tweets about today's events garnered me a bunch of large breasted, half-dressed followers.
S/o to the cop in South Carolina who just messed that high school girl up # brutal
A girl I met wants to be slutty for Halloween. My thought was you have 8 kids, 7 dads. How about you go as nun? # no shame # costume
Great use of Stone Cold...........  #RAW
For those that missed the tone in that type, that would be called
Well #Dean Ambrose finally makes an appearance! gee golly thanks creative!  #RAW
The voice acting in this is amazing. #RWBY
Final touches are soooo fun. #5 days 2 hours
I love when people change when certain people are around or if they just get done talking to that person
You know the best time to work on the Liberty Bridge? When the Ft. Pitt Bridge is closed. # p i t t s b u r g h problems
There are 4 minutes left in the 2nd quarter and Doug Martin gets his first carry in the quarter. Yeah, makes sense.
Yup! Just let everyone leave a public area that certainly can’t be closed off without a permit # Q u antic o
Penalty count at the half.7 for 54 for the undisciplined # R a v e n s of Baltimore, and 1 for 13 for the (obviously) well-coached # Cards
What an end to a wonderful day!  #FML
Maybe the #NFL should investigate all of the Colts' opponents for deflating balls since Indy is 3-4. Surely not because they suck.
Of course the night I'm ten minutes early for my bus it comes 30 minutes late. Never change #MBTA.
Of course it's going to rain tomorrow..not like that's my long day of classes and clinical hours or anything..  #Long Day
Yay.. It's flu season.. Stuffy nose.. Sinus headaches on the daily.. And let's not forget.. Not being able to stomach anything!
Oh Dr Brian likes Sam Smith, oh the world is coming to an end  #RollsEyes...I swear....
Wait David had an affair? When? I've never heard this before.  #RHOC
WOAH, WHAT?! David had an Affair? I've watched all season and had no clue... #RHOC
Good way too end my day!!!!
Ugh. Strome, what was that? # or is it
Setting my alarm for 2 am is always something I love to do.
Nice job St. Clair, makin us all look good and such..
Is there a new Star Wars coming soon? Its hard to tell. Nothing much on social media yet.
Wow, what a surprise. Our ISP is down...again.
Paige attacking Charlotte. Who didn’t see that one coming? # Raw
OH MY GOD I NEVER SAW THIS COMING WHAT THE HELL?  #R A W San Diego
Team Bella gets the win and OH MY GOSH! Paige is attacking Charlotte! What a SHOCK! NO-ONE saw this coming! NO-ONE! #RAW
Oh good, a six diva tag team match on #RAW. It's nice to see the writers have come up with an original idea tonight.  #WWE
Oh great, I was so hoping for another #Team Bella vs #PCB match. I thought they'd never book that match.....  #RAW
WHAT?! She messed up?! But Tamar is "THE BEST DANCER" # d w t s
So basically this entire show is gonna be people we just saw last night, with almost nothing new going on. Cool. # Raw
Don't you just love it when your dad calls you and yells at you then hangs up love you too dad # f ml # so rude
I would be absolutely shocked if Roman gets the #1 contendership
Authority to open #RAW didn't see this coming
I love it when I take my car in for repair & the bill comes back double. # yip p e e Y can't they make a car that doesn't break down???
Baaaack to the future: bel servizio # le i en e
Just played FIFA for the first time. So realistic. Final score 0-0. What a thrill. . #Soccer Sucks
It's always a great day when you have to tweet from the Apple store
Love how my puppy is catching every disease possible...
We all need to remember that police aren't trained to deal calmly with crisis situations. They're only human! #Spring Valley High
Nothing like exclusion to round out this incredibly difficult and shitty day! # Monday #So Done
A lions fan I'm going to miss Lombardi and the 3 yrd slant route play called on 3rd and 22 while down late in the 4th  #Bye Felicia
So who will Ray Lewis pick tonight for #MNF? #B A Lvs A Z
I'd so much rather work until 5 PM like everyone else so I can drive home in the dark starting next week.
I love going into work in the pitch black and going home in the pitch black.
Making monster cookies for my monsters. They obviously need more sugar..... # mom life # Halloween # cookies
Always having your Outrage levels cranked up to 11 is much more important than having a coherent argument based on facts. # t c o t
When your bf hates you and rarely wants to hangout with you anymore
That Stafford guy we got for Kane is doing terrible eh? Man what we're we thinking???
Got a degree to be a dog washer l ol # l ol # it so kits money
I helped someone with breast cancer and now Twitter thinks I have breast cancer. Great ad targeting.
Halloween is on a Saturday this year and I'm hyped to see all the family friendly costumes at the bar # l ol # sl u tt y cats
"I see Kara and miss Kyle are getting along this evening.."  to the max.
Great. Can't sign into Xbox live to play guitar hero live. That's money well spent!
BREAKING: Prime Time Sports is talking hockey.
Read the press release of my show. Real Gonzo stuff! I especially enjoy that the other actors & myself dont have names at all.
State Farm insurance is soooo amazing.
WHO states drinking water causes Cancer lol
I pretty much don't care about what you're saying, if it's  I like it.
Leave work late only to realise that I am back there in 10hrs # oh the joys # ya y me #Might As Well Live There
But on the bright side this time alone has given me time to rethink my life.
So you're telling me no one went to see the new Jem movie? Why I am SHOCKED! SHOCKED I TELL YOU. The trailer looked so good!
# Lions fire Lombardi & now we put our faith in our QB coach... The same one who's in charge of making Stafford improve... Joy
Today was surprisingly calm. Scary. I'm sure the rest of the week will be just jim dandy too. #NOT
This weeks off to an amazing start
Just got home after waiting for ~ 2hrs for a ride. Had a migraine(still do), a panic attack, & to pee all while waiting # fantastic
Jack: "Leave my brother out of this." Woohoo, Jack's on the right side, remembering he actually had a brother.
I'm having the same wonderful day today as I had on Friday. So fun!
hey uh… global warming # your reading this # i hate mon days
So glad # Hardy isn't being disciplined. Because people who have the same issues over&over usually change when they're talked to.
Ryan Fitzpatrick on the Hail Mary that wasn't: "I think I max out at 30 yards with my arm strength." # n y j
One of my favorite things to do is decipher people's handwriting to figure out their name and email addresses  #Is That An Lora K
Refugees bring diseases! And drugs! And weapons! And university degrees! O no, no degrees. Welcome in # Europe . # K a c z y n ski # Or ban
#i Os once again updated their version. And they added the "F.U" sign. impressive. much-wow.
You know you're at a good doctor when you're told to stop being lazy.
It's so much FUN when recording doesn't go as planned
Man, what is it about these ATP matches where they can't hold serve or close it out. # excited #Swiss Indoors
I like people who judge others before they even get to know them.
You just announced on FB you got paid and your greedy landlord *liked* the status Plain rice for the rest of the month  ;)
The thing I like most about people is their blatant disregard for the people around them.
Oh no Gruden just said Alfred Morris' rushing troubles not all on Alfred, Matt Jones fans should be infuriated. # Red skins
Did they announce the young guns checklist yet?  :-)
Its fantastic that not only is Liz lying 2 Sam & Danny but to her own traumatized son Jake about Jake/Jason #GH #General Hospital
When professors make your Gen Ed classes hard not like I'm taking any three level or higher classes right now
Can't wait to go home and work on the cummins
Oh great Jack just called a meeting. Can't wait to here what he has to say.
Really looking forward to people comparing NFL ratings to the World Series. Very interesting story.
Fun Destiny, this is a great new event! I love all the new enemies and guns and gameplay :/ This is greaaaaaaaaaaat
Saw a pic from a local place that makes sandwiches w/ donuts, eggs, & bacon I think, "Welcome to Fort Collins' discerning palate."
Wow. I am impressed. Now ONE woman in the House of Lords. What incredible progress. # irony # fuck me # n o e q u a l r e s present at ion
An actual conversation I had with my # dad yesterday: Dad: What's that on your jacket? *points at a dark spot* Me: My .
Meat is bad for your health. Oh you don't say?
what if something happen and u will change forever
Computerless until I can find a new charger. Thank you apple for making such quality product, as always you never cease to amaze.
I'm so here for JJ fighting his family to become a cop. At 19. # Days
hey molloy, did you use enough chalk today?
Really wish Carl would be more like jason... # watching me de a
When you spill hot coffee on your hand # hurts immensely
yeah, that's a bold prediction  but Garbine was question mark due to it being her 1st appearance. Think having doubles first helped.
Instead of the media bashing teachers, can they now start bashing Educational Assistants about how lazy and greedy they are?
I love late night flights-even later check in a hotel which u barely register n getting up before sleeping to catch a early flight
No I was just born in Green Bay, Brown County I'm no # Packers fan
Testimony time: I experienced a cardiac arrest yesterday, then applied some peppermint to my left pec, and "Boom! It's all fixed."
Testimony time: I tore my ACL yesterday, then applied some Peppermint essential oil on my injured knee & "Boom! It's all fixed."
RT fashionicia_ Why is it called "Cordon Bleu", it's pretty warm beige from where I'm looking at it. # food # food porn # just saying
It seems like every other team features their best player but not the Giants bc they are geniuses. # t h r o w i t t o b e c k ham . # first place
Friend responds with: But you can find out literally ANYTHING... Imagine it... You can find it out on the internet. wink emoticon
yeah... interns' lives are that exciting.
Our 10 players that played this past weekend aren't sore at all today. Nope, not one bit
Super glad all my friends text me to hangout all the time
I spend FIFTEEN MINUTES under the rain and I get the flu. I spend the last 10 years working and I'm still not rich. WTF # no logic
Christmas is trending?!? I'm happy it didn't start way too early this year.
I could not be any happier with how things are going right now
2D girls is where it's at because 3D girls is so mainstream.
Proposal for £1 at the tolls for the M4? How about scrapping them altogether? There's an idea that no one has ever suggested before
I'm always in the best mood when I get zero sleep.
There are many odors at an airport. I think my favorite is nail polish. I'm so happy the lady next to me is painting her nails.
Surely Paul was concerned with being "dynamic" when he was talking about preaching Christ crucified as the wisdom of God.
great way to start the week
Tho I am offended by Missouri's flag-it is meant to be like the French flag.
Thanks to everyone who noticed I went outside yesterday and got sunburned. I hadn't noticed. # stop telling me
I love being bitched at for things I can't control
I'm alone at home, at Halloween yeah!
# b i o t e c h s starting the day down ... # what a surprise .... $XBI $IBB but the day is long ....
You know it's a bank holiday in Ireland when #RTE splash out on a movie by showing The Snapper again, #T V License money well spent!
Nothing like a 40 minute conversation at the top of my morning to get my day started off right!
All I can think or say about last night's game is, Chip, you're so right, scheme is so much more important than talent. #9 drops
Why insult someone when you can say something nice in a very sarcasstic tone...
Greg Hardy is a quality human and a great role model # s c um bag
# Monday !!! Anyone else excited for monday morning? Literal party over here!
#Bring Back The Patriarchy, or else, gun nuts will keep making a show-of-force by mass shootings.
#Bring Back The Patriarchy because free speech is only good if exerted by the KKK.
chilling at home with my radler tiger beer yums lol no, im not working yet so my rivals can relax lol hehe  ;) :)
will #Chota Rajan 's arrest impact the Bihar Polls? Does it break election code? Will Mahagathbandhan ask EC for stay in arrest?
Refugees often boost our NAPLAN results once they h a ve progressed a lone the EALD ph a ses too... Th a t's something... # q a nd a
Absolutely loving this cold I'm having right now
"Illegal for women in QLD to get an abortion unless mental or physical harm is proven" in case women get abortions for fun # a us p ol
Kiss her in the middle of her sentence so you don’t have to hear what she’s talking about. #Love Quotes
what a turn of events! grabe feel na feel ko talaga ang trabaho.
ohhhhhh goodie! its the alarm! better hurray b4 the limo gets here! dont want to keep "my people" waiting!
: The ability to insult idiots without them realizing it :P :D
Don't we all just love Mondays!
Yay it's Monday! Back in the office! Woohoo!
i've got a beautiful constellation of stars *cough* zits *cough* on my face today :') # no # why # G arm a u
Yep. This is exactly how I wanna spend the wee hours of the a.m: throwing up. # i wanna sleep
Wake up!! It's Monday...  Have a great week! Ads X
tmrw should be a fun dayy.
I can't advice you, but I think a little can help! # C h and le r # friends Will miss it badly!
Nothing I love more than running on a little bit of sleep and having a busy/full day ahead of me that requires a lot of energy
Starting to enjoy my early morning walks
I LOVE getting up for the earlier train only for it to be delayed. It's like a funny game where I waste my life at train stations
Sooo.. That was a great convo...
I smoked some weed for the first time # stone r #420 #Do It Like Its Legal # rebel # l ol
You wear that shirt a lot. Yes because i own it"
'Cherish them when they're babies' I've been awake every hour then do a 5am feed, cherishing is exactly what I'm doing # want to k i p
I LOVE when I bite my inner cheek while I'm eating. The rest of my meal tastes like iron SO AWESOME
Well at least Glenn went peaceful and looks like it didn't hurt at all in #The Walking Dead # Glenn # he had a good run
I closed the past 4 nights, and I get to close the next 5 out of 7 nights this week. I'm so excited # not bitter
You know what this show needed? Two Claras! # doctor who
Worst 6-0 team in football. # P ant hers
Wow. It was dropped. I'm SO SHOCKED.
Are life events less significant to un-photogenic people? # In stag ram
If you get engaged and don't post it on fb/twitter/instagram, did it really happen? More importantly do you even love each other?
Weird...you don't see Carolina running Stewart on long developing sweep plays... # Eagles
I love the fact that that my body looks like a pile of mashed potatoes
I love it when I google something and it doesn't show up! # mid term essay
I can't wait to see what happen in the new walking dead episode tonight!
Brilliant play call Chip. That play has worked every time.
What a great play call. It really worked out.
Let's run Murray around the end. Makes sense
Riley Cooper with a huge first down point. What a great team player. # Eagles
Did something happen on The Walking Dead?
Lol this night keeps getting better and better.
i love watching people's ridiculously long snap chat stories of nitro circus
Yaaay their up by more points
Love how Kirkman says killing Glenn was a mistake and then has it done again.
Earnhardt fans: Been classy for generations. #Camping World500
Man, Maggle Cole knows how to make an upcoming match seem to fierce with that tone of voice. #HIAC  -KL4W
so nothing really significant happens in tonight's episode of twd # rip
So we about to get 35 mins of a 50 year old UnderTaker??? Joy. #HIAC
I'm in mourning. I haven't watched the most recent #The Walking Dead episode - but I already know what I'm in for. #T H A N K S Twitter
Thank you for making me hyperventilate # walking dead # talking dead
Good job Morgan. Good job. #TWD
Good job Facebook AND Twitter for spoiling The Walking Dead for me. You're awesome.
Oh, I saw a spoiler for #The Walking Dead on here. I better bitch to everyone to not post spoilers cause I'm watching something else.
I like how my English professor gives us our essay rubrics the day before our essay is due.
Such creative and innovative play calling by #Chip Kelly, I am so impressed with his brilliance!  #Eagles Talk
Corporate Kane and Demon Kane are clearly two different people so why does it just say Kane? I must know which one is there! #HIAC
Greg Hardy is such a good guy.
If the #Philadelphia Eagles only had to play on a 40 yard field, that would undefeated. #Eagles Nation #Eagles Talk
Apparently it's impossible for a guy and a girl to just be friends.
Oh look New Day cheated again. Surprise. # h i a c #Tag Team Titles
Oh boy, we get to play LA in the playoffs.  #S E Avs R S L
# Homo n a led i That 6 women might be chosen based on their skills- just shocking-shocking! #Feminism Is Awful where were the MEN cavers?!
"Unicorns don't exist." Brilliant commentary by The King...  #WWE #HIAC
The joys of homework on a Sunday...
Rote Toten Hosen RT cesarfermin15: realDonaldTrump so are you a socialist?
Don't you just LOVE seeing misogyny in your very own geek communities???
I'm so freakin happy we have Sam Bradford
That was definitely Bradfords fault.  Jordan Matthews should be benched forever
# Eagles played some good defense on that drive #SNF # sun day night football #P H Ivs C A R
Yeah totally climb into a plane that just got wrecked!
Welp. At least didn't start with another 3 and out.
Things I love: having to get off the bus a stop early because some dude moved to the seat I was sitting at and wouldnt stop staring
Watching #Fly Eagles Fly on TV while following #HIAC on Twitter. Who says I don't have a full & interesting life?
Did I say we? Totally meant Kleenex...thanks autocorrect for catching that one!
I love when I sing too much and then my head hurts worse than a migraine for a few hours
I would say Regina should leave Robin.. But I'm afraid there wouldn't be enough love loss there to make the magic work ..  #OUAT
So Miami fired their head coach. Didn't see that coming
I just love spending my entire Sunday at UB Literally would not have wanted to spend it any other way!
#John Cena starting off a #WWE event # surprised #HIAC #United States Championship #Los Angeles # California
I had 184,000 steps this week and yet I still don't look like a super model # t hats weird
Crap In The Cell with their white plan ring and pink colored ropes. Oh yeah I'm hype to watch this show!
I am a vision of perfection have multicoloured pants on a vest top and my hair scraped on top of my head
Wait, so you're trying to tell me that Matt Cassel WASN'T the answer for the Cowboys!?! Who could've predicted this? # C u r v e ball
Hard to believe Greg Hardy was accused of domestic violence... he seems so calm.
So they are going to fit two matches in just under half an hour? Well, these are going to be SO good.  #HIAC
RT kmc02 ABC7Chicago Hey, everytime I hit something I claim mental illness! #O S Uparade #O S U Strong #CNN # mental illness # mental health
So glad we gave him that contract he is so indispensable. # B easel y
Did Eli even play this Game ..?
Pretty sure that if Dallas gets the ball back here they have a chance…
I love when my sisters post pics in my clothes that I've never even worn
SOOO glad that Weeden got benched for Cassel. Otherwise we'd have at least 5 INT's today. #Free Weeden # Cow boys #NFL #D A Lvs N Y G
My mom said she doesn't remember me ever being funny until about a year ago. # s m h She hates # p u n s . And . Damnit.
Looks like Weeden was definitely the problem in Big D...
Melvin Gordon is running like he really learned his lesson. Excellent coaching, McCoy. # C h a r g e r s
If Jimmie Johnson hadn't spun on the first "unofficial" restart, none of this would have happened. #blame J J #NASCAR # maybe
Can't wait to play the Cards, Bengals, & seahawks. Should be awesome. # B r owns
I have a great idea for a game, guys! "FIFA 10 HD remaster". It's gonna be a killer. # video games # w e r e t i r e d o f h d re makes
Dammit Weeden.. Throwing those noodles up in air.. It's all your fault..
If you have to hashtag  so that someone knows you're being sarcastic, you're not doing it right.
Wow have the reins been taken off Christine Michael or what!? Insane production from the man they "were gonna unleash"
HOW ON EARTH COULD WHAYLEY TRADE CASSEL THO!?!?  #Bills Fan Logic
Dang, # R a i d e r s are finally punting. We suck.
I'm so glad the Texans didn't take Derek Carr or make a deal for Bridgewater. Neither of those guys could have helped.
Yay for it being Sunday Funday!  :|
Today at work a man informed me that I have tattoos. I had no idea!  #Tattoo Probs
I'm sure someone got screwed by this stupid Nascar playoff thing. Its so exciting.
All that and Lewis wins again yippee. #USGP
Wow, what an exciting finish to that race! #NASCAR # Tall a de g a
So much class on twitter these days!
Well, the end of this NASCAR race will have no controversy whatsoever.
INTERCEPTION! But first, where's the flag?
Back to work tomorrow oh the joys
Haha # um o 2 with another classic banner. 'Welcome Argos to BMO' how clever . Black crayon this time though. #T F C Live
Seeing Matt Cassel wearing #16 brings back lots of great memories of the Steve Peulluer Era in Cowboy history...
Another flag on 'em What is going on?
man is Paris an eye sore.
Don't you love it when someone takes credit for something someone else did?
Stranded in Yazoo because a freaking belt on my car broke! What a great ending to my weekend. # its raining # t h i s s u c k s
Obviously Weeden is the problem #D A Lvs N Y G # tackle someone
Lewis Hamilton has won the World Championship? Well, who would've guessed it? #F1
It would be terrible if the person setting of fireworks two weeks early near my house had their hand blown off.
Benching Tim Jennings made a ton of difference today.
fuckin love my life and this weekend
Wow didn't see whitten making that on 3rd dwn
What a great Sunday afternoon to sit on the deck and map 32 RDMs to 8 worker VMs….
It's okay. I'm not losing my shit over Jill's choices....  #U S Av B R A
Getting dubbed has to be the best feeling in the world
& we get the ball to start. # awesome #we Cant Score
Looking good lions looking real good
#HTTR! never any doubt about the comeback....  great job Kirk!
Clock management in the #NFL is overrated
Too bad Vettel doesn't know how to race # f 1
If you kick off, dont worry, you'll still get through. Great message Xfactor, well done!
Didn't see that hook up coming
I can't be watching this Patriots-Jets game from where I'm at but it looks like the Patriots offense has been very balanced. ( )
Thanks for the xtra long recap #X Factor It's all so complex, I didn't get it in the first crazy long show of recaps.
Yep be a jumped up arrogant Arse hole and be rewarded a place in lives 4 throwin diva strops. Makes so much sense.  #X Factor
No way? Mason got through? That's like the biggest surprise of the series #X Factor Judges House #X Factor # fix
I can see why the # B r owns are playing the veteran QB. So close to championship.
Great to see the Steelers d rise up when you need it
#Nikki Bella just revealed her new tattoo on her ass. What a classy rolemodel for young girls she truly is!
I'm so glad we know how to cover the TE and we know how to tackle #P I Tvs K C
Thanks for switching from the Saints to the Redskins game!!! # k h o u # fox n f l # fox sports
Can't believe I'm watching X factor, my life is complete
Great way to start my day
Awesome, we can make great plays without a holding call!  #N Ovs I N D
This is much better than Star Wars numbers for the offense. # colts
Great job on a kicker replacement OBrien!  #anti Texan
Great effort out of Hilton and Moncrief there. I mean, wow
My heart bleeds that Rosberg wasn't given enough room after enough average start, it really does .
I love that we are going to only use our bad QB consistently. Why in the hell should we gamble with # M a n z i e l at this point?
What a teammate Lewis Hamilton is...  #USGP #F1
Apparently all the work they did on red zone defense paid off. # Bucs #T Bvs W A S #Siege The Day
Good call, now we should run it # Steelers
Good news # Texans Fans! The Dolphins are now on pace to *only* score 82 points! Yay! #worst Defense In N F L # u g h
That was a well blocked play
I hope #X Factor is as thrilling tonight as it was last night.
OK # Chiefs let's not risk it. We're in field goal range, let's kick it.
Wait, who told Jeff Fisher that passing on first down is legal in this league.
Shot out to #USPS for delivering my hair dryer to my next door neighbor who was nice enuff 2 get it to the correct destination.
Great protection for Teddy every week.
Man A.P. is a garbage footballer
At least this coaching staff has proven that they can make adjustments at the half. # Colts
Start Johnny! Barnidge had to reach up too high to catch it!
The Colts obviously were ready to play today. Glad there weren't any lingering effects from the Patriots game.
I LOVE how Andrew Luck only plays well when I'm going against him in fantasy football  #Fuckin Luck
Down 17, great job challenging a 15 yard pass Gruden # idiot
Sitting next to a belligerent # Colts fan. He should be the head coach since he knows everything. #Eye Roll
Maybe I was wrong. He must've known he'd get it back.
Jem and the holograms is one of the biggest flops of all time. Didn't see that one coming .
Texans down 35 to 0? No problem. The second half is ours!  #Why Us
At least if the Falcons offense is going to struggle, you'd rather it be against terrific defenses like the Saints & Titans
AFC South looks a strong division
Really bad by Brady. He should have seen that blitz coming and adjusted
There's a white substance on the Pats ball. Clearly it's cheating. #butsomeonewilltakeitseriously # p a t s vs jets
Spend a week in Haiti and you come back to feel Starbucks is pure gluttony. I should've grabbed a Venti... # star bucks # us a # blessed
I can't wait to share some of my wedding pictures. Cuz we have the BEST first look ever. # em bar r as sing
Ah, Southern Cal. Now I remember why I learned to drive aggressively. Turn signals aren't allowed here.
I fear # people now a days... Can't differentiate # C o m p lime n t from
No no, I totally agree that gta and call of duty are the games of the future (asswipe)
Making fun of girls who drink pumpkin spice lattes is not sexist and mindless at all # fake pumpkin spice facts
Hopefully we can get in good position for another field goal here. # Chiefs
How could JJ Watt allow this kind of offensive scoring on his defense?
Way to go Redskins, you are doing great...
Run wasnt working so Pep went to the screen pass...lol.
Come on Colts fans! This game doesn't matter, we play in the AFC South!!! # Colts
Saints miss an extra point. Good thing Sean Payton cut Hocker.
You mean to tell me that other people were born on MY birthday?!? How dare they! Curse their existences! # best day of the year
S3: 9-4 to Western teams, 69% win rate S4: 12-5 to Western teams, 71% win rate S5: 11-1 to Western teams, 92% win rate # gap closing
Lafell dropped a pass from Brady. Who would've thought?
Good gawd, a draw play. Trying to line up the FG in the middle???
YAY CBS let's show the 1-5 KC Chiefs play the steelers instead of the undefeated pats! GREAT choice of programming.
The Chiefs are amazing field goal scorers.
Great to see that top level football has again missed the opportunity of the genius that is Tim Sherwood # arrogant so and so
Why on earth would you think before you say something? Gosh, waste of energy!
1st down and a run play! What a surprise!  #Who Dat
Just turned the game on. Defense looks like its playin solid so far..
# B r owns 3rd and 7. we got a play for that.
Wow. The 0-16 guy is really putting together one heck of a defense # red skins talk # h tt r # h e s a loser
I don't know guys. Rex said the team believes they can turn it around... Don't lose hope! #shutup Rex #crashfor Cook # Bills # pathetic
Hotel room in Florence comes with a large balcony with patio furniture and a complimentary bottle of wine. It's ok, I guess # travel
WOW!!!! WHAT A RETURN BY FLASH!!!!! HE DESERVES TO BE ACTIVE BECAUSE OF THAT!!!
I love that high school never ends... ...sad that some people never grow out of that stage... # pathetic .
I def need an east coast girl. West coast girls are beautiful but absolutely the worst! Lol. # they don t get it # h y per sensitive
Vikings off to a great start...
I can totally keep secrets. It's the people I tell them to that can't. # Love # India
I just love the sound of people chewing and talking with food in their mouth # mealtime # miso p hon i a
How are the # B r owns going to win today if Dwayne Bowe is inactive?!?
Surprised the Jaguars didn't try to throw it to Nic Jacobs there...missed opportunities.
Just got an email telling me the Bills v Jaguar game is today. Thanks, I wouldn't want to miss the beginning
Well I'm ill today. My throat is so bad it's useless
Watering & cleaning day ~work could not be more exciting!
Hey Gus. Great call giving us Gratz after pinning blame on House last week. # J a g u a r s #B U Fvs J A X
No I'm not tired of your shit nope not at all....... # great #XoXo-2-1k! #Xo Xoallthelove
When the same trip could either take you 20 minutes or 2 hours depending on the time of day Isn't it so cool? # Traffic is a pain
Enjoying this "clocks going back" thang...not! Interrupted zedding from 4am..I feel sooo refreshed.
First sunday off in years. What better way to spend it than to study all day long! #Sunday Funday # rather be sleeping
Imran Tahir is ISI agent.we are ordering a probe : Modi  #I N Dv S A #Rapistan Raped By S A
Silver Concorde, cannot win for toffee wins this..... FFS! Really??? Irish racing at it's best today
When u joke and everyone laughs. Not on the joke but on you as u cracked a silly one. -_-  #Thug Life *starts again*
Rex Ryan has really done a great job with the # Bills this year eh, legendary stuff. # Pat riots
Come on India let's football ..... ;-) #protea_fire # losers
Marrone was an idiot for choosing Orton over EJ  #Team Marrone
Is football on by any chance!!
A boring #Manchester Derby? Whoever thought that was going to happen? # bore off
Idk what you are talking about Pastor Tim. Media doesn't affect us at all! # s o p o n a z # c o mm un i cat ions major
Now that's the EJ we all know. # Bills
The Manchester derby is a thrillfest!
I love all the raging # Bills fans who lash out at fellow fans over the Internet to release their frustrations about the team.
I guess I'm staying at work until 5, great.
At least the defense is playing great
Hafiz Saeed located during South African training sessions,ISI hand suspected.  #I N Dvs S A #Rapistan Raped By S A
Dybala scores. Further proof that he doesn't play enough & Allegri should be fired. #Tweet Like A Fake J u v e ntino # J u v e Atalanta # J u v e
Man I wish I could watch the #B U Fvs J A X game in really missing out! # not
So glad we got rid of Cassel and kept Manuel #Hes A Gem  #He Sucks
Too bad my computer isn't working because I would love to be watching this Bills Jags game right now
YAY THE BILLS TAKE THE LEAD!!  #Londo N F L
Turned his back on a girl who's calling him out? So fucking mature, this guy... # if you are the one
there's nothin like having arthritis when it's raining lemme tell ya makes your joints feel GREAT # cant move
Editing video on an old computer is an exercise in frustration. What a joy!
Georgia has gutted out some tough wins. Damn they beat Vandy and USCjr and even Missouri.
Hey, so, since fic-writing is so easy, this # Des tie l fic should be done in...what, about half an hour right? Edits and all? Sweet.
What I also love, is Quinn's totally unbiased commentary
The crowd didn't seem biased at all # worlds #L O Lesports #F N Cwin!
There's a really annoying beeping on the Yahoo feed for the Bills Jaguars game. YAY!
Poor Indian vegetarian team has been cruelly thrashd by beef eaters, lack of protein you see  #I N Dv S A
So glad there are men around to tell me how to do things correctly and, more importantly, when I'm wrong. # mans plain in g
Dear # India it's high time to call #Shiv Sena to interrupt in the match and save you from being raped #I N Dv S A #Pakvs Eng
See, it's okay that she's sleeping with Asher because she's really in love with Annalise and that's all fine and healthy  #HTGAWM
This is the 5th happiest moment of my life! #i Have Tears In My Eyes
Can't wait to see the buffering signal this morning for #Watch With The World # n f l
I just love being able to count on people
Shivsena to give red carpet welcome to Pakistani cricketers if India wins 5th odi..  #I N Dv S A
South Africa Failed to Reach 450. Terrific efforts by Indian Bowlers constraints SA at 438. #Half Battle Has Been Won
There is more chance for BJP to make beef compulsoryacross hotels than India to win this odi..  #I N Dv S A
Don't ever say 'Indian Bowlers'. Lets coin a different name to those enlightened men.  #Ind Vs S A
Feeling the love for Niall Quinn...............  #SUNNEW
Great show from Indian bowlers... Their hardwork restricted South Africa to under 450. Well done!!! #I N Dv S A # a b d e v i l l i e r s
Almost 30 minutes to VPN and I'm disconnected again. Thank you # Globe for that precious time # globe # globe PH # i n t e r n e t s u c k s
Let's see if India can avoid Follow On
Manchester derby later probably be Gary Neville..again,there'll be no biased commentary for that one
I didn't see that coming!!! # a v f c
Sherwood sacked # a v f c the biggest surprise since Rodgers.........
Very Well played . Great teamwork to give runs to SA player. We tried to help evry sa batsmen to reach 100 # Respect #Indvs Sa
Man Of the match : BhuvneshWar Kumar for hitting Century in 60 balls # Respect #Ind Vs Sa
So the big question is- Who paid the octogenarian Admiral Ramdas to write the (in)famous letter addressed to the PM and President?
How can the South Africans dare to play this way in Shiv Sena's backyard? The ICC may have to cancel the test series  #I N Dvs S A
Wow Martin Amis has spoken. There's a man with the ear of the British public. Game over I think. Might as well pack up now.
Love NFL game days in the 'burbs. Always a good look when men tuck jerseys into their jeans.
But do you think Rossi will be embarrassed when he realises he was battling Lorenzo not Marquez for the title! #Moto G P
Our guard dogs are really top notch!
Don't panic! David Archer is calling a meeting, everything will be ok now # the arc hers
Two nights in a row that my "friends" have bailed on me. # i pick the good ones
Oh great an extra hour to clean the house! Excellent!
Sat in dentist waiting room. What a wonderful place to be on a Sunday morning
Wouldn't have known about the clocks going back without Twitter
No nicer way to start a day than with a bus replacement service.
Oh god, another season of the Bachelor…yay…
I love when you're drunk driving AND decide to text me.
Thousands of dollars worth of damage from world's BIGGEST hurricane evah to hit # Mexico . #Hurricane Patricia
Literally went to circle k with gabby and then went to Chris house to third wheel oh man... I love being single
Hey, fellow Stanford fans, guess what? We're bowl eligible. Woo! # dream big
#C U Buffs first conference win since 1982 ... finally
I’ve always wonderd if film directors wake up screamin “CUT! CUT! CUUUUUT!” when they hve nightmares # just asking # film makers # l ol
I really enjoy when people retweet boobs or ass pictures, now friends think that I follow ass and boobs account on twitter ...
Oh, wildcat, how we've missed you  #Go Stanford
When you actually have to work for what you want. Weird. # spoiled b itches
Wait ... FSU lost!? That's a shame.
I love how in the sports section in the beacon has big articles about all the sports beside boys soccer. # come on # they re a sport now
Unexpected nose bleeding is the best
My favorite thing is when people ghost away from me. # irritated # me h
Well hot damn. We might have some problems tomorrow. To add to our already stellar performances so far this season.
Avs have more shots now than all period
What, OSU….you couldn’t hold Rutgers out of the end zone? Time to drop you from the No. 1 spot in the rankings #Crazy Expectations
I love it when I get headaches
Rutgers looked great today no? #They Suck # overrated
Great idea #B1G0 for adding #Maryland Football & # R u t g e r s . Solid programs with great history.
Oh no! Joel Osteen might have to not get on his private jet this week! They cancelled services tomorrow because of the weather.
#Ohio State I wonder who won tonight??
The witch is a kind soul
# Utah looking real good tonight on the road at #USC. #CFB #College Football
Wow the Pies are so cheerful. #M L P Season5
Babysitting Emily right now. College visits are super fun you all should try them!
Two more unbeatens -- FSU, Utah -- go down. So Michigan St shouldn't drop any lower than No. 12.
Brian Strait is awesome. Why do so many people complain about him? All he does is contribute. # Isles
I'm sure Twitter is going to be reasonable after this game.
Great clock management there at the end of the quarter, great play calling since end of the 1st quarter.  #U T A Hvs U S C
I seriously have the best friends
Great play a flip-toss in a rainstorm  #LSU
Oh good #Tom Ritter has the game I'm watching # h e s u c k s ass # flag f est
Nothing like spending my weekend doing homework all day...
I've come to terms with the fact that I am Chandler Bing. # friends # i m funny
Smh the Jackets and Ducks are tanking for Matthews and we are somehow managing to win games
And the Leafs are off to their usual stellar start to what is sure to be another Stanley cup winning season. # just one before i die
Won a free trip to Bligewater Harbor and all I had to do was transport this weaponized Azsharite. # w e a p o n i z e d p o o
Glad I saw my sac friends at my game. Thanks for the support
Bright side: Kyle made the tackle before they could return it for a TD. # Progress
Always tune into Don Cherry to hear his views on baseball.  #fire Don Cherry
You, just being you everyday dear, makes my life suck! #FU # marriage # divorce # single life # wife # H us b and # l hate you # love hurts # joke
If you aren't running an option with lock you are doing football wrong
Like I said, bad decision. # like the call
Love Croydon at night it's just so beautiful
Perfect. Angry screaming. Exactly how I wanted to start the day.
Having the best time of my fucking life.
It was wise of me to sleep the sun away today # third shift
I've picked all my nail varnish off, watching this movie. The tension was horrific!!
I love being 30! Today I woke up with a new wrinkle and a new pimple! Life's little surprises! #30 for one more day
Oh no! If you don't post/tell the world that you work out every day do you really do it? Ffs  #Unnecessary Shit
i love fake people so much.
"The good news is, if we win next week, it'll be when we don't get to see it!" #Mom Quotes # H o k i e s # Italy
I just love how my voice sounds when I'm sick... I sound like I smoke a pack of cigarettes a day...
Doesn't get better than a broken tree stand seat
We really need a  font. Who is working on this? We talk about this all the time, but who is the project assigned to?
I need a safe word to let people know I am not being sarcastic. I'm thinking pogo stick.
I love how I have a mild panic attack when the engine light comes on in my car.
[Pulls the sheet up as I wait for .]
I'm pretty sure booing the refs for a flag on the play is how you get them to reverse the decision. Right? # homecoming #Go Vandals
By all means turn up your phone full blast and watch that video right next to me while I'm trying to watch TV. I don't mind a bit!
Very impressive that Alabama never holds. What discipline.
Going to be a great week.
I thought he had that one.
Just saw a guy with two of my favorite stickers. One said "stop planned parenthood" the other "praise Jesus". What a nice man. # bye
The best is when your kids keep asking you to fetch things for them and ask you to sit down with them at the same time. # pa renting
#Always Respect Womans The person who started this trend didn't even attended school.
TONY JETER WILL BE A WORLD CHAMPION, YOU HEARD IT HEAR FIRST!
Nice to know we have great people in our town who take blame for their crashes.
I hope Stave is ok but....oh darn, Stave is out
All you # j o e l s t a v e s u c k s fans I guess Joel would have thrown that int in the end zone too. # B a d g e r s .
Wow! Muschamp doing awesome work on that Auburn defense! Outstanding job! HAHAHA # anyone can score on us
My favorite thing ever is Pittsburgh traffic on a Saturday
Chill guys. Can't reply to all 0 of my messages at one time # shoot me # no friends
All the nuclear warning programmes is an half making me glad we have trident... # lets give peace a chance
After a six-hour drive there's nothing I want to do more than drag all my stuff into my house by myself and then bake.
When you walk into lululemon, wearing lululemon, & the girl working asks "have you ever been in our store before?" # not even mad
Making tamales in 90 degree heat is gonna be fun
Amazing play by Duke, getting knocked down, rolling several times, without once touching the ground!  #V Tvs Duke
It was a video that did it, what difference does it make?  #Nothing To See Here #Benghazi Committee
Chai! I NEARLY caught the bird... I guess we'll be using NEARLY to cook stew tonight!  ojoo
'I love her, I love him' ... Louis knows his music stuff.. His knowledge is overwhelming!  #X Factor
After that 1st down run by Barkley? Incomplete pass Incomplete pass Sack #Nice Play Calling
So get home from work to find rovers did well today # d r f c
It's truly amazing how many times one can get hit while wearing sweats and no makeup, all while GROCERY SHOPPING. # p l z help # i ha ten y
OMG WE RAN A RETURN PAST THE 20! #V Tvs Duke
The excitment of my saturday night consists of watching Monsters Inc # so excited
OH JUSTIN. I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. YOU ARE THE BEST. YOU ARE FOREVER IN MY HEART <3 #Schlag Den Raab #Sd R #Belieber Force # B e l i e b e r s
Hmm the # H u s k e r s go from winning 9 games a year, to not making a bowl game, Awesome!
The U just got annihilated. What a pity.
Racism on Twitter is never tolerated. Unless you talking about white people then it's okay
Can't believe boys 2 men are on xfactor....100% sure they has never been a band like this before ever
My phone gets so much damn love, I love it...
Boy you couldn't tell who wants this game now
Sky F1 have ran out of things to do so they show us a montage of the season so far. Okay then. #USGP
you're not mine to miss anymore
shows about murder are taboo now y'all. Please someone notify every single drama on the network. Even if the killer is a villain.
Funny that a team with ZERO All-Stars is the American League Champs, again.  off. #Forever Royal #Take The Crown #World Series
Hey government, a car crashed at a school. There gonna be any car control laws soon? # don t be stupid
You are so creative Mark Mangino! # C y c l ones
How many more stats exist out there that reflect how not-so-great this team is? I just love reading them...
I guess I am the number one person to call if you need something and only if you need something? Nice.
It's Saturday night, time to eat, and then get ready for...bed. Exhausted. The fun life of pernicious anaemia!
Having a # great day until I spill my # c ha it e al att e on myself... # good times # cant take me anywhere # del is h shirt
Not all women are annoying. Some are dead.
I was about swerving into the path of an approaching truck when I suddenly remembered someone had told me earlier to drive safe
Bae-I love soccer me so much me- really, okay what team does rooney play in? Bae- Stoke me-awesomeee! U really do love soccer
I hate when someone I know sees me at the mall &say 'what are u doing here?' Am like- 'u know, hunting for zebras'
All good marriages start on a Caribbean island, fruity drink in hand. # smart 2015
I just love how we are using Justin Silmon.
Something wicked cancelled? # oh no #icantjumptomusicanymore # t h a n k s p a t r i c i a
Delayed 30 minutes. Yes, that'll help.  #USGP
Great to see all the work to help reduce flooding in Purley was spent so well # wet
I still say that the best part about the fall is having to pick up everyone else's leaves off my front lawn.
Art Briles is a classy guy.
They left cross little fingers and say in unison, sisters! # C y n i c
Man, look at Baylor putting up all these huge numbers against these staunch defenses. Impressive.
It just wouldn't be Gallatin if the power didn't go off every time it rained ...
Wow we survived a set piece without being scored upon. # Ever ton # e f c # coy b
And to top off my already great weekend, my wisdom teeth are growing in !
Jeb Bush let his personal feelings about Melissa Benoist's Super girl get the best of him! Of course he'll win now # Super girl
So lets fake all our existence so that they will be dumb about us.
Oh good. People are now spelling 'Bae' as 'Bey'. That's not atrocious in anyway shape or form.
Who wants to trade a $100M #Arizona Robbins for a Penny anyway.. # G re ys Anatomy # G re ys 250
That interception was all Mike Riley's fault. C'mon coach
The fuk is cech doing the hahaha  #E F Cv A F C
That Auburn defense is so dominant
Poor circulation is the best. Cold feet and hands and fingertips a bit numb. Yay.
My texting speed...depends on your importance :P # quote of the day saturday # quote
it's a beautiful day to be completely incapacitated by a migraine
Okay throw to the guy who is doubled covered....makes sense #SMH # k state #EMAW
It's always nice to know how loved I am
This Boks team is so exciting
Muschamp has instilled an incredible amount of toughness and discipline into this boog D
It's barely 10 a.m. and I've already forgotten I had to take the ACT this moring and had a nail in my tire. Gunna be a great day!
Can't believe nobody is blaming Ivanovic this week # C hel sea
That a way to start. #A U Bvs A R K #War Eagle
Who is this Hunter Henry kid? He's pretty good.
That's it after 49 years i can't take another loss... I'm off to support Argyle. # facet i o us # some would
Whoah whoah whoah!! Why arent we running the ball? Lol # u c f
Looks like $ZINC desperate, started 50 million ATM while near 52-week lows. Now that's a vote of confidence.
Water leak and black mold has been found under the bathroom sink. What a fantastic day!
I can't wait for two weeks of incessant, annoying Halloween photos
Is that.....pink??? # Glasgow 2015 #A T T Worlds # gymnastics I'm shocked I tell you.
Hello Bitch I'm Allen and I'm your WORST NIGHTMARE
This new gameday traffic flow they started for this game is working pretty good. # woo pig # beat auburn
thanks for putting me in SUCH a good mood when I have such a long day ahead of me
Only 116 months left on my OSAP repayment. # nailing it
Good to know so many people are willing to jump to help me when I can't even do the simplest task right now.
Buncha bikers (40-50) just rode by. They were all wearing scary masks. O_O
I've had two gentleman callers try to whisk me away in their creepy vans this morning. # lucky girl # swept off my feet
Don't Be Sad Because of People. -They Will All Die  #People Now A Days #Tit4 Tat
I'm so ready to scoop ice cream for the next 6 hours!
I wonder how #South Africans could ever have managed to overthrow # r a c ist # apartheid without all those rich white male rock stars.
Dear Hu s band, plea s e leave your dirty di s he s on the kitchen table. I'm s ure they'll find their own way into the s ink. # h u s b and s
nothing is happening but thank u for asking :D  obviously
hectic morning finally getting a chance to take deep breath, but everybody worked great, looks great, going 2 run great, you got it
I loooove when my mum has to go to the other side of the the store only to talk about me With her boyfriend
Go #EMS # e la von # e la von merchantservices 5 days without a card terminal! Good work guys...great service! # com pens at ion
Just one hour and then I can go to work..This is great considering I started at 5am yesterday. #Deep Joy  #Shift Work #Bus Drivers Life
And when there is not enough time for anything, the best thing is to find a full time job to add on. #I Love My Job
Great hands from young Robert du Preez there!  Eish. Dobbo doesn't look like a happy chappy. #Currie Cup Final
No where else I would rather be at 730am on a Saturday than at the tire place
Reading someone's impassioned diatribe on why the TV version of The Shining is better than the movie. Yeah. Keep singing that song.
Absolutely love not having a vehicle!! # Bo red
Fever, cold, bad throat..is there anything else that's left? #Saturday Swag
[…] and it turned out they just used you.
Just off to explain to my 1yo that I can't go and sit in the pub all afternoon and that's all his fault for being so selfish.
Looking back at the gala ... Wish I could of gone:(. But tonight Was a night ton remember.
Just got up to the news that England have suffered a spectacular batting collapse in the 2nd test.I'm genuinely shocked.Honest.
Looks like Wednesday are going to win the champions league in a few seasons after a win at Rotherham.  Bless them eh.
Driving lesson at 9 in the morning haha loving it
I'm actually amazed I was able to post a 73 KB size GIF.. wow..
"You’re so hot” I whispered as I took my plate of food out of the microwave # f u n n y t w e e t s # fun
Good thing we have such wise people in this fandom. Where would we be without them...
You can't feed the poor but you can fund a war..
So cool how all these white people are making Hurricane Patricia jokes. Seriously, keep it up.
So glad all my friends had such a great time without me tonight obviously # not invited # insomnia
etcPB: martinpinedo: Microsoft love it when this screen come up... For the 20th+ time # stability # W i n d o w s 10 …
Love that there was ANOTHER shooting like two blocks from my house. Totally feel so safe living here... # anchorage # downtown
You really know how to make a girl feel special...
Good thing there won't be baseball to distract from tomorrow's AWESOME college football schedule.
Oh, and way to give Price some fuck ing run support, guys. Im sure he'll want to come back now # fuck
Good to know Kings fans are classy... lol.
Who else loves insomnia # no sleep # i n s o m n i a c
I want to thank FOX SPORTS for bringing back PETE ROSE. Thank you FS, We really appreciate it. (Not really.)  #PETEROSE KX
Whincup will be pissed at Dumbrell for costing them a race. #V8SC
Does anyone have a screen grab of the pitch track for Revere's second strike?
8 hours later & still in pain. Yep must all be in my head!  #Chronic Life
Speaking of politics we got some of our very own conservatives still ruling TTN dictatorship is alive & well # not proud
Must be a new girl in town, can't wait to meet her
i love when I'm feeling like shit and then seeing these positive tweets/quotes...
Can't believe there was a time when movies like #Mujhe Kuch Kehna Hai were ruling the roost in Bollywood. Sigh. Good times
Meh home field doesn't matter.... # J a ys
YES it's been a few weeks since we've had some good drama i felt like we were overdue # what is going on
Wow. This rain delay banter is riveting.
The playclocks are broken? Well color me completely surprised. # Q u a l c o mm
Fox Sports 1 really trying to "boost" their MLB coverage by bringing on A-Rod. I "bet" Rose loves his contributions... # c heaters
Love the wide awake club. It's brilliant you should all join up!  :)
My wife has not watched a baseball game. So it's a blast watching the big one with her!  #manyquestionslookingupfromphone
Hmmm, # C a p s are having some issues scoring in the early goings this season… #Rock The Red
Drove on the new bypass today. It used to be such a pain to have to drive through a town with a population of 50.
I love spending 80% of my time alone. No big deal.
Idk how Kanye will lose the presidential race, he has the vote of 97% of 12-16 year olds.
It's not like Madson didn't get rocked against Houston either...
Well, tonight is going well for the Bombers, isn't it?
Glad to see that piece of crap Justin Harris and his wife have taken responsibility for ruining 3 little girls lives # a b c 2020
Now we all get underclocked, underpowered, and WEAK CPU's!!! Thanks guys!!  #Fuck Those Who Complained
i came back from having to experience two previous "hell" weeks. totally enjoyed it :))))))))))))
The music from The Natural just started playing in my head... # J a ys #Come T Ogether # post season
Good communication by the Blue Jays there.  #Take The Crown
Omg these people. So well written theuve got me on the edge of my seat.  #please End Already
Shoutout to that Maryland Independent Newspaper Mob that ALL picked Northern to beat my # S p a r t a n s .
Today's mood: Bitchy with a chance of . # w i z
Classy move by Toronto first base coach.
Aw shucks...hate seeing that guy get out
Redskins should definitely hit reset on the coach button. That always works for us.
Glad the fans came to see the guys in stripes.
Hmm Jeff Nelson giving both sides to David Price. We've never seen this before...
Ventura needs to "respect the game"
I think the best thing about playoff baseball is all the ED commercial
Thanks Fox Sports. That interview made me believe it was the right call on the home run.  #Blue Jays
To me TGIF means that I have to spend the next 48 hours with the three people who make me the craziest!! #TGIF # family
Amazed Harold Reynolds isn't crediting the turf for that hit LOL  #Come Together
I think I'll wear actual long pants today. It's only 86° F and 50% humidity..  (but it's wayyy cooler than it's been lately)
Nothing really big happened. 3Q 7:25  #Football Friday
No, you're totally right, body. 3:20am is exactly when I should wake up on a weekend # just let me sleep
so is game being played under protest????
If only Eichel could stick handle # S a b r e s
Look at all those fans at the Gopher game ... # em bar r as sing
Love seeing people pic k up their race pac k ages in full running gear #10 k
Following from # p t however Christine Fair sure does know how to endear herself to the people of the country she studies.
I see the # B u l l s still have Kirk Heinrich on the squad. Yay.
Doing some copy editing and watching CNN's coverage on Hurricane Patricia. Yeah I'm fun.
One day my sassy mouth is going to get me in big trouble. # smart mouth
Xbox Live Down....what a great day.
I was born to love Star Wars, so if you don't like it then you and I can't be friends!
The NY sports teams get an A+ for team name originality # m e t s # jets # nets
I get to buy new tires for my car today... Hooray, this is just how I wanted to spend my Friday evening...
Looking forward to Shawn Thornton and others taking on the Dallas Stars tomorrow!
Thank you #You Tube Red you have just turned youtubing into a compitition.
Isn't it great when you're ignored by the only people who understand you?
US gold reserves at $291B, currency in circulation at 1.39T. Thank goodness we got off that pesky, limiting gold standard # finance
Super happy that my neighbor, Ohio, decided to defund Planned Parenthood.  #standwith P P
googling "cheetos recipes"... so that's how stellar my weekend is shaping up.
Horrific week topped off by a wonderful Friday night...
Can't handle how crazy my Friday night is about to be
the news/fake news poorly explaining stuff that should be common knowledge is "encouraging"
Fun things that happened to me today: Stranger corners me outside my home & attempts to initiate me into his church/cult - # not fun
Don't worry guys, there is no climate change. A historic Category 5 #Hurricane Patricia doesn't mean anything!
# As sad looks genuinely pleased to be in # Moscow ! Even a glimpse of his true colours upon meeting # Put in . # Syria # Russia
Now that the cheerleaders got a $1000 check they can buy shorter skirts, trust me they aren't short enough # pull them down
But of course, you can only see this alleged miracle of a #Hurricane Patricia forecast if you subscribe to his website! ? Me? Never.
Welp tomorrow is going to be a long day # ya y
If good looks could afford greatness, it would be such a fair world, but unfortunately.. #cobby Quotes
It seems no matter how hard I try I can't catch a break. I was told yesterday I need another back surgery. # awesome #Too Much Bad News
I just saw a brilliant FP2 session
Finally back in SFO!!! Ah, the joys of biz travel...
# people who know # deep down , that when I ask them # something , that I actually don't want an # answer # p a s s i v e a g r e s s i v e
Is there a Bond film coming out soon cos I've heard nothing about it
Coworker just thought she was going to have to Heimlich me. I love this cough.
Oh good, I feel like Im getting this cough/cold thing thats going around
Adele has a new song. Wonder why no one mentioned this yet!  I fear it will be too happy. Her best songs are heart break
So my throat is numb and I get to have a camera shoved down it. Woohoo....
I'm gonna be in middle of a Hurricane. Yay. Super fun. Guadalajara gon be poppin. Hella lit.  #Im Gonna Die #Fucking Patricia
The joys of working on multiple projects at once on a Friday afternoon
I truly believe I'm one motivational quote away from changing my life. #More Action Needed
Guess he signed a few cards.
I can't wait for everyone to be quoting Adele 's new album... # Adele
I love how a simple antibiotics has 1 line of mild side effects but ten lines they say go to the hospital for... # wt f
Well this week just keeps getting better and better!
They're wet sawing the porch outside my window. It's awesome. # library life
last night of my Intermediate Sole Proprietorship class.........you guys don't know what fun you missed!! ;) # just joking
Maybe I'm hating since I can't be lame like them  Men, be men. Stop being sissies. Smh
All of of "favorite" customers are showing up to work today. Oh joy.
Wow thats strange non of the far right websites have a lot of #Benghazi Committee coverage. What, did it go poorly for them or?
yes i would consider slow and sensual foreplay during Netflix & chill as long it is for $9.99 and not more than $10 from china
Patricia's 200mile an hour winds. No there's no such thing as climate change.
Once again, USPS never fails to disappoint..
# apple thank goodness for "months of beta testing " so my upgrade was seamless. # office 2016 # M i c r o soft # low bar # testing
What a great way to start off the day....
I hear UEFA are planning to charge any team whose fans wear a loud shirt in a built up area during the hours of darkness  #Man City
# y r Maybe Sharon broke out and ran down Adam because they love to throw her under the bus for everything
How can I be so & don't understand in others?? O.o # paradox of my life # paradox #lifeisa paradox
I'm having issues with Bitrate again! YAY  Should be back up soon.
Isn't Paul Ryan a breath of fresh air?
How I want to spend my morning chillin at the mf court house
The next verified follower will be my 1,000th. If you would like consideration for this dubious honor, submit application here
I love being locked outta the house when I just walked 2-3 miles from work, working a 7 hour shift..Freaking awesome. # Hurt in g
*sigh* the House just voted to defund Planned Parenthood. What a great day to be a human in the US of A.
I love being kicked in the ribs
Yeah! it's ma 7th year Anniversary. help me celebrate in achieving absolutely nothing so far.
A7: great question!  I always lock myself up in my hotel room and watch te local news #Travel Skills
So TUT students seem like a bunch of great people to hang out with # fees have fallen
Wow....Jamaica Avenue sure could use another beauty supply store!
Yay I get to party tonight
I love it when people don't like my Instagram picture
Long, involved (boring) stories about people I don't know and will never meet are my favorite.
I just love walking into my room after class and my roommate is curled up with his girl # why me
Religious processions force all four vehicle owners to spend so much quality time with themselves, they could attain # nirvana
I super love it when someone accuses me of being an uncaring human being when I won't give them money on the street.
So Punisher is still a white, hetero male? What the hell, Marvel! # diversity # hash tags
What are your expectations for the Runnin Utes this year? (Trying to get a gage if mine are too high. National title anyone? )
Gotta love those mornings when you get into the office only to discover the video/audio files have randomly corrupted. # film making
Change before you have to - jack welch # Management
Dr. Baker on finding out there's a middle finger emoji "oh good! I can't tell you how many times I've needed that"
azam khan doesn't allow his daughter, wifey to use smartphones. He wants them to be safe. .
So it is stated in my Book that Car Accidents among Women are rare because they are good drivers.
Thanks a ton everyone for coughing all over things and making me sick.
Launching "Where's my TP", delivering toilet paper to the throne at a tap of a button, with surge pricing from 6-7:30 am # start up
There's nothing like the Vegas airport at 7am to restore your view of humanity.
#LRT Trudeau is secretly a Muslim socialist, in league with Obama to introduce Sharia Law into the water (  if it wasn't clear)
I couldn't name a Taylor Swift song if I tried, and the problem is nobody would believe me. #Taylor Swift # manhood
Everything just keeps getting better :)
Thinking of firing Nick. He keeps saying racist things # no seriously
I pray for all of you who have to deal with me today. I believe it's gonna be a fantastic day. *said with a smile*
Not everyone with an expensive camera, is a photographer. Not everybody who wears glasses, is intellectual. #Faking It # show off
Twins are clearly still tired... Won't.nap. Gonna be a fun 4 hours!!
Based on Reviews, i am sure going to enjoy Kogi state.  well thank God its stream 2
Always great to be blowing black crud out of your nose from the previous day's Photoshoot.. Love shooting in junkyards
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing. -Elbert Hubbard # change
Stocks rallying must be proof of a strong economic recovery,rate hike must be imminent
Well today's off to a good start.
Remember, if a picture on the internet surfaces with some text next to it accompanied by a date, it is most definitely true.
After his stellar performance in the #Dem Debate I'm shocked that Lincoln Chafee has dropped out of the race.
Just been called a "weird c--t" on call. I my job. # call center # we r k
I love hearing people say "I don't see value in communicating across several different channels to our various audiences"
Oversleeping. What a great way to start the day.
I just love these survival commercials when it's dark outside & I'll be leaving the gym soon.  lol #What I Learned Today
Implementing crypto backdoors for government would be a huge boost to preventing web attacks. .
I'm sorry that I asked that suburban to hit me and rob me of my ability to walk for the semester. I'm such a selfish greedy kid.
Love working late night on a weekend !!
Oh no, what an awful day! I won some goodies from Japan Foundation AND I have a job with Metro Bank lined up! Oh dear!
All UFS students waiting 4 15h00 2 hear about the exams.... Ufs been so helpfull & answered all our question :)  #U F S Fees Must Fall
Seriously "I got a good idea to help public relations, lets surrender"  #Gamer Gate
He finally decides to talk with me again after a month. I've missed you too, Kurt. Yeah... Really.
I asked the boys to cut down on using 24 toilet rolls a week well they manged to only use 21 this week so well done boys
Oh my, another year....another Assassin's Creed. How will I ever contain all this excitement? # U bi soft #A C Syndicate
One day you'll look back on your life and regret the way you treated your VERY LOVING younger sister. I'm an angel
I think I have to do some voice lessons. Voice not arranged, adlibs, and riffs all over. Haha
MODELING <--- What i've done so far during sem break. #Favorite Habit #Forever Duty # F ab u lo us #We Never Go Out Of Style
must be my lucky day, craving for coffee, willing to walk, they're all closed.  :p
Ahhh...Ball State Night Life in Stu East...pretty relaxing. Which is interesting considering I'm up working on a paper. #F U Nfriday
Well that was a quick nap who needs sleep when u got a infant and markets world are ripping higher. Maybe 1more+hr $Spx $Ndx
You've kindled the flame. Now I am not same. *Janhit me Jari, It's not a beemari*
Seeing how Republicans treat women in these hearings definitely makes me want to elect one for President.
Woo hoo, I'm at work today
Having one of those "mind is racing too much to sleep, even though I have to be up in 5.5 hours" nights. Yay, worrying about money!
Working time start. Today is the deadly overworking day. I'm so glad to not be paid for working overtime ! I'm giving it all !
Being lied to is so much fun!
Yeah, go bad mouth your ex all over Facebook and then try to 'get at' me. You're a real panty dropper, sir.
Btw it still isn't fixed in case you're wondering..
Another travel day! Woo!  Upside: sushi.
How come no one is selling me anything on Facebook?
Thank goodness this # gin and tonic is tempering any anxiety I'm having watching this. # its better when i am drunk
I've got tests today,Sunday,Monday,Tuesday and possibly Wednesday. Being in school is fun !!!111!!  #The Tests Days Are Real Tho
Well apparently, he's the smart one. # Lo l # Yes #
I hate when I am about to hug someone really sexy and my face hits the mirror. # life
PE today, lovely just what we all need
iTunes hates me and won't let me download my preorder of Astoria. It's not like I've been waiting months for this album or anything
Thanks bio teacher for giving us a lot of homework I really appreciate it
and suddenly overnnight I became an expert for SS xD
I really enjoy the people on here that think we shouldn't sign Jason Heyward. I find them to be the smartest of our kind.
Won in words with friends. want to thank # god . Without him it wouldn't be possible. My own abilities are worthless without # j e s us .
oh yeah rlly appreciate CBS showing a close up of Kap getting his head smashed in. yeah it ain't like that didn't hurt or anything.
In INDIA people buy slimmest phone and then wrap it with thickest cover! # i n w h i z z
Democrats and #Black Lives Matter go well together, corrupt politicians and thugs, in no particular order.
Hi. I'm a millennial. And I think it would be cool if they remade hits from the early 2000's. Because they're so iconic.
Needed the extra motivation tonight. Thanks for the tweet.
Can't wait for the texts and thinking about you today texts... # love your pity
Sweet the iOS updated added the to emojis. Now when im mad at someone i call flip em off with an emoji # t h x world # goddamn it i os
NFL has the best refs # t h u r s day night football
I love when the wifi on my computer doesn't work
Oh good Sarah's back and she's going to be some kind of scary rage monster. Yay. # Arrow
Is Matt Nieto from Long Beach? I don’t know if anyone has ever mentioned it #L A Kings
#CBJ are only 6 consecutive losses away from their third coach of the season. #Fire Tortorella
my favorite way to focus at the gym is absolutely listening to your speakerphone conversation.  #hang T Fup and #pick Up Something Heavy
Someone told me I look like the Rock today ... Like awwwww stop it you.
Jamie just loves to stand outside my door and sing country music to me... I loooove country music
Our student section is too lit
Glad Temple wasn't on Overlook to Notre Dame  Lookahead line... Temple +10.5 at home. Gimme that all day
I'm so happy ESPN Gameday hosted the big Utah vs Cal game. Those 2 powerhouses really deserved it # joke # c al sucks # p a c 10 blows
Quarterbacking clinic out there tonight. #TNF
Sometimes I like to click on the profiles of people leaving rude comments on Insta pictures and see what kind of perfect they are
According to # e s p n Temple going for 7 and 0 first time. #ECU
I'll just hang out on the bench. No no it's okay, i didn't really want to play anyways.
I'm so excited. Having a child allows me to do homework again. #commoncoremathhurtsmybrain
RICK NASH WITH THE GOAL OF THE YEAR!!!!
What? Free socks if you pre order fallout 4?! What a deal! -_-
with no m e t s game on tonight, how am i supposed to know whats going on at mcfaddens? # t b s # m e t s # ml b
Weird. Almost halftime and not one "Fire Bevell" tweet on my timeline yet.
Dolphins vs Pats, now that should be a barn burner next Thursday night. #NFL
Thanks Yahoo for updating me on Lamar Odom, I'm so glad to know that a drug addict is doing well after a over dose.
Thanks, # P reds fans, for introducing my children to the phrase, "You suck!" # not awesome
Hobbled Nino sends a rocket past Bobrovsky.
Omg dude that's so much dope straight
Thanks school people from guidance, that suicide prevention assembly helped so much
Didn't see that one comin # m n wild
Oh good. More yelling at her while she stays poised and calm. Awesome call, GOP. #Benghazi Committee
Thanks alot 'The Last of Us', *really* wanted to go to bed soaked in my own sweat.  #Fucking Clickers
She's coughing. I guess that means she's guilty.  #Benghazi Committee
I'm mean, it's only 10,000 for a preseason game in-state. But, yep, it's the sticks. # entitled
Taking family photos with three kids under 5 at a park? So much stinking fun for all! # life with kids # mom life # mom p robs
Just so damn proud to have our idiot congressman look like a fool on national TV. Such a hack. #Benghazi Committee # P o m p e o
They put this girl but NO Gionna Daddio, great!
I LOVE HOW EVERYONE ANSWERS THE PHONE WHEN I CALL.
Really did a good job on going to sleep early tonight  #2AM
Today i learned a definition of "team" from a wise man!  ?!
#Rep Jim Jordan is probably the most non-partisan person in the #Benghazi Committee
Republicans: talking about the real questions. Making sure you care enough # b e n g h a z i testimony
Really looking forward to the influx of outside cash and negative ads we're about to see in Louisiana for the runoff.
#Benghazi Committee so now the point is that Hilary is a cold meanie?! Wow! Money well spent!
Sugar tax=stupid and pointless, the price of items that have sugar is going to increase, will this include fruit then?
So we've learned that Hillary cannot give a precise accounting of every person who was in her office. How illuminating. # B e n g h a z i
So the man who tried to turn Medicare into a coupon system is going to be 2nd in line to the presidency. That's nice. #Paul Ryan
Loving the nightly trom b one serenade. # kids # b and n e r d
Whoever the genius is that designed the 1 lane of traffic for exit 44 on I40 west is a real winner. Should definitely get promoted.
Missed # b b c q t - anyone say anything reasonable or worthwhile? # satire
I'm glad my house is just a big bundle of joy
Don't you just love it when you can't sleep when you know you have to be up at a certain time?
Longest security lines I've ever seen at the airport... Yay.
No, no. Keep yelling at her. It really seems to be working. #Benghazi Committee
I am 34 years old and I get to apply for social security. Makes me feel so accomplished. # cancer life
Because we all know the whole world came out the wound mature and perfect.
From an s4 to an s3 to an s6 all in 2 hours. Love US Cellular! # first world problems
A new smoke shop on Richmond! That is JUST what downtown # l d non t needed! #10th Smokeshopon Richmond
Oh excuse me i didnt know i was so honored to be in the same room as the smartest person in the world. My bad # shut your mouth
Gotta love dealing with dr offices
Hilarious to see #Justin Trudeau so proud of being elected Canada's PM with such a #Clear Majority (40% of votes). # hypocrite # c d n p ol i
Being the parent of a teenager is such fun!
Sitting in ABQ airport. People watching. So fun.
$125,000 for a transition team? We already know he has to transition! Why need $125,000? Sound familiar? # body cams
Thanks #A M C Fear Fest for bleeping out the swear words. With all that violence, thank God for no foul language...
A trip to the ER was just what I wanted today
Don't you just love it when your brain decides to freeze midway when you're designing on Illustrator or some other prog. # now what
Funny listening to Hargreaves with his perfectly genuine Calgary accent.
Deafening crowd at Liverpool game , another one of those famous European nights
"I'm not coming to the class that week. It's my birthday. I'll be at the bar"-Valerie, the happiest woman ever # g r a d p r o b l e m z z z z
I feel that we should just ban Halloween b/c every costume is either offensive, racist, misogynistic, etc # ban freedom of speech
# Watch dog yeah, #Star Wars fans are really going to wait until the 3rd of January to go see it.
One more reason to read books, more examples i get to pull sarcastic jokes upon # d e v #
My favorite way to start out my day has to be getting over 12 shots in my mouth at the dentist.  #What A Morning
When white ppl were 88% of the population & the laws made sure minorities stayed in there place #When America Was Great
May aswell say cheers AZ now
When you want to fight your teacher. # not serious
Yep #gowdy's face tells all: I'm soooo gonna believe this woman! # b e n g h a z i # witch hunt
Business Law gets exciting on a Thursday... # not
Yay. I really wanted to wait 35 minutes for a bus. What on earth is going on with the 172 bus.
#Unlock Hydro process is "common sense," unless u are "legacy opponent" of "modernization," like Nat. Americans, States, or # salmon .
RedScareBot: party like 1989 RT absurdlyjames She should be denied access to pre-natal care because that would be socialism.
After all, if she didn’t want a child, why did she ask for it by walking down a street in a sexy manner?
If she’s lucky enough to survive giving birth, the burden of raising the child should be all hers.
She should be denied access to pre-natal care because that would be socialism.
Under no circumstances should a woman be able to exercise bodily autonomy and abort the pregnancy, because that would be murder.
If the woman gets pregnant because birth control isn’t readily available, then it’s a beautiful gift from God.
If on said date the man tries to have sex with her, she should agree, because she was asking for it in how she dressed.
The New York State Thruway toll takers are exceptionally pleasant today, even for their high standards.....
If a woman is accosted by a group of men asking her on a “date”, she is expected to accept with grace and take it as a compliment.
Great afternoon away from the office = going to the dentist then to the Secretary of State to get my tags updated.
I been transfer to T-Mobile in Tysons Corner. # ya y # virgin i a
Tash is sooooo good at replying to messages quickly <3
I don't hate you,I'm just not necessarily excited about your existence . # existence #Life Reimagined # curve ma
So happy to be funding another year's worth of RWNJ propaganda video clips.  #benghaaaaaaaaaziiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
I just looovvveeee the smell of mankato right now.
Burn infinite amount of crackers so people can't breathe on the street. Yes, that is exactly what your gods asked you to do?
I'm so glad this plot bunny is holding me hostage until I write it's story # n a now rim o # reluctant writer
The housing department here is the best wow
My Level of 's Gotten to A pOint Where I Don't Even Know If I'm Kidding Or Not # A a a a a a r g h !
Great I have to get my sick kid from school and miss work! # B e n g h a z i #Thanks Obama #Hillary Clinton you suck.
#Cubs Nation I'm not saying #Daniel Murphy is on PED's, but has anyone tested Daniel Murphy for PED's?  #Tough Loss #Were Still Good
Some random PopStar out there can please say he/she fucked me cuz i need more followers and a proper job. # show time # quote of the day
you gotta love Danforth and Dawes
I will not take responsibility for leading anyone astray... It's not my fault that I have followers! :P # famous # impact
Full disclosure I'm down about $550 on my puts- and holding - this is silly $spy why not rally 400 dow pts? $dji
Wow, Amazon, thanks for the lack of heads up about my Prime membership auto renewal charge. :/
Coworker hacking up a lung. Grrrreat.... # work life
No way Percy Harvin is hurt ! This shit cannot be real !!!
If I can't buy a #UFC Brazilian card prelim fighter's # Re e b o k jersey anymore, I will be very very angry.
Writing 24 pages on Iceland's Culture was probably the most exciting thing I've ever done
If it's not in email it never happened. Everything must be in email! # b e n g h a z i hearings What a joke.
I thought it was one of those fights, but then it turned out to be the only fight.
Ahhh the best part of being an adult - dealing with insurance companies.
A huge shout out to my dog who broke my laptop last night. Without you we wouldn't have been able to drop that $700 on a new one!!!
today will be a good day I already seen Dr. Miami work on a lady very hair vag today
Who woulda guessed that making a joke about a game being over sexualized would be a hot button for people?
so no one worried over the nov 3rd deadline from treasure sec... as long as Draghi is bullish .
Binay nognog at pandak! I'll vote for you if I'd be given a chance. HAHAHAA # d ah i l k a y bi nay
I love the middle of the semester when one essay makes you question your intelligence and your worth as a human # grad school problems
Never underestimate the power of the written word. Unless ya botch it up, then forget it, ya just ruined it for the rest of us.
Hillary knows how to murder, lie, steal, and break every security law. Sounds like shes a perfect Democratic Presidential candidate
I just LOVE it when my brother-in-law shows up without calling first...
What a great start to the weekend
Finally, a Prime Minister that women all over the world are DTF. Because that was the whole point of the election # c d n p ol i # e l x n 42
Coughing and coding today. Should be productive. # sick day
Just Because I compliment you don't mean I want you
Work today is going to be great
Week 3 of this class, and I still haven't learned anything. Good thing it's not one of my important classes... # angry # annoyed
I forgot I'm gay cause I like fat bitches that think they can take my dude .
Best part about shaving is finding that one spot you missed
another day in paradise! Next week is a joy to behold too! yaaaaay
A calculator is missing? At school? ARE WE IN SOME KIND OF ALTERNATE UNIVERSE!?
I can just imagine Gus on Sunday after romp over Bills, "Somebody tell Alfie to shove it."
The quest to download Diablo has began...see you dudes in like a month. # net gear issues
Delay...god I've missed it! # train ride # musicians life
Wow you included a company in Wales! How admirable!  !!!
Trudeau hasn't been in for 72 hours and the queers are givin blood already!
This dussehra be # mainstream and go to # c r park for #Durga Puja cuz # mob mentality ! # ab so l u t del h i #Dont Bury Me Happy Dussehra tho
Good bye Charlotte, NC. Thank you to American Airlines for making us miss our connections last night and stay another night!
I wish they would stop putting the speed limit to 35 on 285 during rush hour. I really think it slows things down #A T Ltaffic
Anyone knowing it’s raining in Austin? # r e p e a t e d t w e e t s
When you're a plumber, it's apparently important to stay on top of the what the electricians are cooking up. # cryptic t we et
Yes let's go backwards and be like America. No gun laws and mass shooting, smart thinking Bob  #The Verdict
Can't wait for my salad at dinner
I'm having a really bad hair day. They seem to occur more often. Perhaps I should teach my hair a lesson and cut it all off? # life
There's no one quite as helpful as a drs or hospital receptionist.
Woohoo dentist in half an hour, i'm so excited!
may the force be with you # # star trek # star wars
Don’t argue with fools, cos people from a distance can’t tell which one is you! # oh t e r i # ma a k i an k h
Please stay away from drugs and crimes Unless a Palestinian told you to do it.. Then you should totally do it! #Netanyahu History
me: *hates when ppl waste my time* me: *wastes my own time*
I stood on a drawing pin on the way to work and I also look wind swept. Thursday is shaping up to be an amazing day
Today I'll learn how to succesfully implement a secure mobile strategy.  No, not really but looking for some new ideas in a seminar.
God: Instead of sending you all to hell I've decided it would be easier to just send hell to you.. # Q u o t e # Say in g # words
Single folks always have the best relationship advice. I love it.
Noise complaint* "welcome to Seattle everyone". What a great way to start this mini vacation.  just no
I was worried I might miss 3 AM tonight, thank god nothing can overcome my insomnia # my sleep bone is broken
i love when ppl dont even use slang right
What do you do when your main chosen career ends up overshadowed by a sideline? Ask # L u d a c r is . #Back To The Future # trend in g # curve ma
I love not being able to sleep at night because of anxiety, and I just can't wait to wake up for my class in the morning
The quote that you just posted on # face book is quite the opposite of what you're actually doing.Thought face book is a good advisor
When DHCP causes an argument in your relation... Yeah, that actually happened. I welcome the randomness in my life.
When you drop your phone on your face and give yourself a fat lip. That won't be embarrassing to explain.
I should be able 2 sleep real well tonight....
U really know how to make my night
So far victory records has pissed off streetlight manifesto and a day to remember, as well as killing mayhem fest. Thanks a bunch
You know who's also not in the poster? General Hux and Supreme Leader Snoke. Maybe Luke is Snoke. # l u k e is not k y lo
This is going to be great
I swear I love not having a social life down here. Really. My progressive thinking gets me all the friends. # i m so lonely
I demand a drug test for Daniel Murphy.
Daniel Murphy is #NLCS #MVP? I am SHOCKED. #LGM # Mets #NYM # pot season
Love the night when you sit up think about shit that doesn't matter
Daniel Murphy NLCS MVP...totally shocked about this
When a good friend seems like a perfect match for you, but she's married? That's a cool feeling. # cool feeling # winning
I can't wait to see all the Mets fans at Nats games next year!!
I love when rich white men decide to take away safe and affordable healthcare away from women.
Love todays generation who needs chivalry when u can just treat women like trash and still get them
Just followed a shit ton of random people Hi, I'm Lisa and I'm only crazy sometimes when my meds stop working. # Parti ally
That guy David Murphy is on fire #LGM
I wonder who the playoff MVP will be.
I wonder who the MVP will be...  #NLCS
I just love the friend zone!! :)
I love being alone Feeling alone. Yup... Love it
My 50+ year old neighbor is smoking pot. I’m sure it’s the medicinal variety.
If Jeter knew homering in 6 straight # post season games was such a big deal, he would've done it about 10 times. # Re 2 p e c t
"The Flyers are terrible, why would you like them" "Mason sucks, worst goalie out there" Yeah totally, The flyers ARE terrible
Any guesses on who may be NLCS MVP? Not Murphy for sure?
WHAT? THE TWO PLOTLINES ARE RELATED?!?! WHAT? # Arrow
# Murphy 3 for 4 (2 singles and a double).. The dude has got to get out of his slump! # Mets #LGM
I don't think anyone knows who the #NLCSMVP will be... #Easiest M V P Vote Ever # m e t s
Crap. If Castro was Fisk, he'd have kept that fair.
I think it's just awesome that google still hasn't updated chrome to the latest version of flash!
Working 20 days straight without a day off is what I love the most.
SUPER psyched there's no pregame for World Cup champion #USWNT so I can watch people work out on TV ( # cross fit )!
Woah Kris Bryant struck out? Didn't see that coming
The acting in #Power Rangers first season is excellent.
I really wish there was a  Font
No one else has said this yet but Back to the Future will take place in the past after today! # mind blown
We got a ballgame here. #NLCS #Lets Go Mets
I just looooooooooove it when people come in my room and don't clean up after themselves..... #My Fave
Wow. # S a b r e s and # Cubs putting up double donuts tonight. Awesome.
Khloe and Lamar have called off their divorce. All is right in the world tonight.
So I guess there is going to be like 1000 people at soundcheck for #Sounds Live Feels Live ......
Oh goody pitchers batting. National League baseball is the best.
Watching the Woo story about his mom and Abi's lack of empathy. It's sad that Abi was born without a heart # survivor
Oh allergies how I've missed you
It's like my dad says, "Just think how happy we're making the other team & their fans feel..." # c u b s
It's great to see the # c u b s decided to show up and play
Life is so much easier and more enjoyable when the people around you are rational, accountable, and mature. # opposite day # c r a z i e s
I just love when people read my messages but don't respond.
"Why are you always sarcastic?" Because you make it way too easy. # is # life
# Cubs pitcher Hammel is making like a tree and getting out of here #LGM
Cardinals fans would handle an NLCS sweep with so much more class. ( )
This game has started great.  #Lets Go Cubs #Sad Face
My Nightfall this week: Titan: 294 Vanguard Shell Hunter: 11x Three of Coins Warlock: 12x Three of Coins + 1 Mote. Yay. # Des tiny
Another valiant effort by Hammel tonight. # Cubs
Wrigley sounds like a cemetery. What a shame.
No exam schedule for today but lots of stuff to do. I'm buzzin.
C'mon Murphy, swing the bat one time!  #Metsvs Cubs
Anddddddd there's a nail in my tire. Could the canyon get better?
I live with some grade A geniuses. .
Went shopping. Bought 1 thing. Detergent. And I can't wait to do laundry! My life is so exciting  #My Life Sucks
I think it's so funny that we stress so much about getting into college in order to stress ever more once we're there
And with our 9th baby born in the church yesterday we have just in babies met the 10% annual growth quota to assure church health
# t y t live Whaaaa... People being hypocritical about how women are being represented? Noooooooo.
We just want to # thank # everyone for making this #Backtothe Future Day the best 1 we have ever had! # Family , # Friends , ...
I've disagreed with feminists several times on Twitter, not 1 of them has sued me for harassment. Odd. I was told that was a thing.
I bet the Governor of Texas doesn't text any congratulations to Toronto until after the game. #Come Together #Take The Crown
As a reaction to #You Tube Red RedTube offers a subscription service called You
About to get off work. Then headed to Walmart. Woooooooo...
Is it #Back To Future Day? I couldn't tell. It's not like everyone's been posting the same lame shit about it all day. # mindless sheep
I love nothing more than when I'm in the middle of writing and my computer decides to automatically update with no warning.
At least I didn't write the features on Poirier and Duffy.
Let me get this straight, we don't get the corners, forcing us 2 come down the middle? That's just what we need. # R o y a l s #ALCS2015
There are dead bodies on the third floor of weyandt that I'll have to dissect in future years :))))))))) # perk so f my major
Love the home plate ump's consistency... # R o y a l s
Today has been awesome  but I'm still in a good mood... so far
YouTube Red will be offered in Germany in 2024. At 99€ per month. #GEMA
Hey everybody, did u know it's #Back To The Future Day I'm surprised that I haven't seen anything online about this.
Yes let's all wear Edmonton Oiler jerseys to a Blue Jays playoff game. Seems like a great idea. # losers #Blue Jays #MLB
Yeah Jenny, Lord Sugar is gonna be knocking on your door! *sigh  #The Apprentice
Eating lunch... Two hard boiled eggs. So filling. # pro tie n
One thing I'll say about our state flag, it sure brings out the best in people.
I love when I leave work right on time just to sit in traffic.
A new update for emojis? You guys must be so stoked!  #i O S Update
Goodbye Jenny. You will be missed.  #The Apprentice
My water bottle lid burst in my bag & now my bag and binder papers are wet. It'll take time to dry 150 or so sheets. Lovely.
Why don't we just scrap # plus size clothes altogether & make size 14+ wear the same overall with "shame on me" on it <- detect the
My professor is using slides from 2006... I guess not much has changed in the field of electrical engineering since then..
I love when someone favorites a tweet from 2009. # b o t s
Everyone stop texting me at once .......
# of # shows I planned to watch. 2 and #Jurassic World . # actually watched = # dreams about work. # Damn it . # movies # sleep # humor
I'm making a crazy paving montage with my broken toenails This means I'll be missing #The Apprentice Which is a real shame
Don't go to FC Students tonight. I don't want you to have fun.
I have written the first 100 words of a new book. Yay me! LOL # why are beginnings so slow # am writing
No matter how hard you try to avoid something, it always finds its way to show up. # awesome # please go away
Love seeing how awful I did on a test when I felt like I did awesome on it!
Don't give anyone a chance to ruin your name as it's only you who should be doing it !
Twitter is a joy. I can just get things off my chest. And it's my right
TODAY IS THE DAY FROM BACK TO THE FUTURE?!?!? NO WAY! # over it
Math test tomorrow # time to fail # ya y # hash tag # why #imnotevenpassingtheclass # geometry
Love that my internet works so well while I'm trying to take an online quiz. # i mg o in g to fail # u g h h h h s h s h s h a b s h
Oh, gosh, how I love mood swings!
Of all celebrities to have the same birthday it would be Kim KW and Amber Rose
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese. lol # funny moment # bored um
Love how you think you know everything..
Lօtʊs_Lɛttɛ gonna have to do 30mins of lifting weights and such yyyaaayyy  llal
Frozen vegetables are cold. My hands are freezing now # interest in gin formation
Don't worry once price of oil drops to 0.00 all troubles in Middle East will cease. It's not about religion. # middle east
Who knew this day was going to turn out just so fantastic
Gotta love it when a mandatory fire drill maybe makes you violate state laws and your profession's # ethics code. Thx, #Decatur G A
So weird, because today is the date that Marty arrived to in BttF2 and no one is talking about it anywhere at all on the internet.
Who discovered that nothing is impossible, and how was that possible?
Another exciting day here at work.
Hardly a mention that today is the date that they travelled to in back to the future part 2. Haven't see a Delorean in years either
Is there something going on about #Back To The Future? I hadn't noticed....
Why is it that people who are open-minded don't have open heads?
Transformation Management Office: Because what *transformations* drastically need is centralized management (re:control)
I love it when singer/songwriters force a rhyme by putting the emphasis on the wrong syllable.  #Just Dont
Is a 75degree day in late OCT still called # in di an summer or #Native American summer ? # p o l i t i c a l c o r r e c t n e s s # r a c i s m ?
So I guess MSM in the US will be talking all day about the non-news that Biden is not running. Cuz there's nothing else happening.
This roommate drama is the BEST!!!! #bitchdontknowwhathither # fair game
Wow these last 2 weeks for me have been fabulous
Closing lanes during lunch hour and rush hour in Morristown is the most genius idea ever.
Huh, # Tax the Rich more to equalize the income classes. What a Noble idea.
Biden isn't running for president? I'm shocked.
It's mistakes like those that make me question the accuracy of horoscopes. Because otherwise they're totally valid.
Yay! I'll get a notification next week whether my job is the same, different, or gone. I can't wait!
Looks like people only understanding ASM are leaving the room at # hack l u .
today just keeps getting better and better
You may have just made my day 10x better!
OMG I couldn't get a bottle of #Pepsi Perfect 2 put on a shelf & never drink! My life is officially RUINED!  you people are nuts!
Team meeting in 20 minutes! Yay!
I'm in a weird mood and I'm just sad for no reason. Thanks so much, PMS. You're a winner.
I thought #Boycott Star Wars V I I was about the female lead, I was wrong.
Back to the Future got 1955 totally right but were way off on 2015?! Jeez!! Do a little research!! #Backtothe Future Day
I am going to die today at work from exhaustion. Awesome.
I really love when we are taking an exam and the professor is walking around talking and making noises the whole time.
Rumored: Freedom Caucus, 36 "TrumpUblicans" Strong, making plans to impeach Pres. George W. Bush. #House G O P #Clown Show
I was singing all the day. c: # the future singer # beautiful voice # pour neighbors and my dog
Training makes me value those production meetings I used to have so much more now.
#Star Wars The Force Awakens tix bought! Never pre-ordered movie tix 2 months ahead of time. Good thing my expectations will be low.
Maybe Bill Ackman should have shorted Valeant and went long Herbalife? Just sayin'. # or is it $VRX down 23% YTD. $HLF up 50%.
A fine, fine year this is turning out to be.
Yh well looking forward to picking demon child up from school >.<
Did you know they made a second Back to the Future movie?!
Happy #Backtothe Future Day - can't believe the writers predicted fantasy football gaming.
i take it back... mind games are fun! it gives me a reason to believe that i still have a chance!!
Freeman was interrupted by Chair Coley, he graciously allowed her to read her last two sentences.  #O H Stands With P P
My friends make me feel so special # need new friends
Did anyone know today is the actual day of the future in back to the future?
The Giants and 1D definitely planned this whole thing to give them a better chance! First ever 1D show cancellation from sickness!
A big help you lot are.
Good morning! Time to take my sanity pills before I head back to the jay oh bee! # need a new job
Oh, a whole 2 minutes, how generous... # this is not democracy #O H Stands With P P
Disappointed! Haven't written a book n got some award 4it. Can't participate in fashion of writers retuning awards #India Reloaded
I love when brands use ;) It makes them so relatable. #Social Media
Oh the joys of stomach flu! I'm keeping a chart of how many times I can miss each class. :( # sick day
Swear sobrang happy ko that day
Suicidal and homicidal ideations, they're so fucking fun.
Frustrated Delhiite files RTI to know if Delhi CM has any constitutional power at all
After starting 7 NGOs, making 11 short-films and climbing 3 peaks, MBA aspirant wants Finance as career
Waking up not being able to breath through my nose and feeling like I got hit by a bus. I love it
Well this is a great way to start the morning # feel like crap # super tired
I'm having such a great morning already!!
Some lovely artwork on our youth centre in New Ferry.  See it, report it.
#Back To The Future is trending today. Who would have anticipated that?
At work only slept two hours this should be fun
Day is not far, when pseudofeminist will question "why we have pita breads, not Mata breads. Disgusting patriarchs."
Waking up to an anxiety attack is like totally the best thing ever!!
Sat waiting for blood tests and its like a waiting room for the dead...im really enjoying my first day off in eight days
I have it on good authority that the Aish deal will happen tomorrow # breaking # first # last day of trade # for people who don t get it
UGHHH! FLORIDA Full of Lobotomized Orangutans & Ridiculously Idiotic Dumb Assess Come visit Florida soon! !
I slept terrible - it's going to make this 8 mile run suck! The added bonus is work should be fantastic too! # run chat
man, I love steroids. I love waking up at 2am unable to sleep because I can't decide if I'm hot or cold. love them. # i love nothing
Oh alert the counselors # cured Healing Light Surrender yourself completely & see the miracles that the Universe has here for you!"
Love it when I get the train back to London and don't get seat
Wondering if Bob Dylan will do anything to mark Back To The Future day at the RAH tonight...
arrrghh.. documentation.. one of my most favorite things to do.
Wow.... Thanks body. I really like having.a side effect to a new drug at quarter to four in the morning. # nothing serious
The AFL drug policy has worked a treat.
Having nightmares again. Just in time for Halloween.Yay
if you dont have a boyfriend you should be ashamed # l ol # hard core
I think I need a little clarification as nobody has made it clear... Is it back to the future day?
Didn't take long for another controversy to hit St.Kilda. Great move by recruiters (y)
Working 9 days in a row Can't wait for that!
Thankfully, my roommate went somewhere else to do his math homework at 3 am. So glad he has time for anime, though. # common sense
I love how people who don't like/ never been interested in #BTTF won't stop spamming it just for today
Some people are so mature # sub t we et
yeah, uhm, so, flattered that being under the influence made you want to talk to me & all but let's not let it happen again
It is quite refreshing to hear Jeff Van Gundy complain about something again on ESPN's NBA preseason telecast.
I just love when the Internet goes out in my apartment.
Thank You #Gebran_Bassil for the insightful visit to # Iran whose Democracy you favour over ALL others. # Le ban on needed that visit.
Lol I'm in a fantastic mood.. Let me tell you.
university if fun because you get to do 32958633 things at the same time
Another late night at work, what's new? They're gonna love how much overtime I have.
I'm sure the Freedom Caucus has totally worked out their next step after they nix Ryan and a realistic end game.
But can we see Jason Motte clapping with crowd again! The Cubs are so fun #5 more wins #LGM
I just love when the Cubs lose...
Dear Cubs fans: Time to reach out to the '04 Red Sox for advice on how to come back from 0-3 down. Two words...good luck!
oh yeah. open relationship. great! # open relation ship
Think home field advantage doesn't mater?..... The # Cubs have scored twice as many tonight as they did in G1 and G2
Lymphedema treatment. It's like corset training for your legs, just not as fun.
Gotta say, I LOVE the no call on the cross check on Hanzal before New Jersey scored that OT winner. # t h e r e f s suck # c o y o t e s #A R Ivs N J
Yay, I just love it when my phone runs out of battery and it takes eight million years for all my applications to restart. Woo!
Tyler Breeze debuts on Smackdown and is being paired with Summer Rae....welp - we're off to a great start.
4 person sample size and no control group. Great experimental design #Sweat Inc # brutal
Oh, we lost? Color me shocked.  #CBJ on that note, good night Twittersphere.
I am gonna start looking at potatoes in an entirely different way from today. Maybe I am gonna worship them for saving Watney.
Name calling twitter is the best twitter
I'm glad Hillary folks are already trying to rip Biden apart before he even gets in.
Yes shield writers...I didn't think ward and may had enough reason to hate each other...thank you for adding another layer
I thought Kerry Wood was right handed.
Commuting sucksss. Can't wait to do it every week to LGA
Another day, another # s ong s tuck in my noggin. Culprit = Little Suzi b y # T e s l a . # mu s ic # b and s #fru s trated #fir s tworldpro b lem s
On FIRE Daniel Murphy Just Went OUT! Inning Ending DP! What The Heck Wrong With This Guy!? ! NO HR This At Bat&BIG For # Cubs ! #NLCS!
Stupid TC. Should have had Murph sacrifice
That last game 52-0. At least there's improvement. # refund please
So glad you told me that story... over and over and over again.
I like bowling in leagues where 233 is the losing score # fuck in g house shots
Can't find where u parked your car in the PLot along with 20 others? Fear no more! EVERYONE just hit your panic buttons.
I can't tell you how much I enjoy hearing the announcers go on and on about how great the Mets are.  #N Y Mvs C H C
Boy the ump had a nice strike zone in the bottom of the 2nd
In "The Martian" the book, the lone astronaut Mark Watney claims that he is the best botanist on the planet (Mars) # mars adventure
Very classy moves by some of the questions to Coon. Personal attacks on his hometown.  #olemisssenate#olemissflagdebate
03 boys diff class tonight.. I need to see more skill though , this is a special group of boys
definitely need to remember the  tag on my tweets
I am going to buy a royals shirt and call myself a fan. # g o r o y a l s
Wait...secrets in a DC DW show?! NO WAY!  #The Flash
Because  is my second language. #Why I Write #National Day On Writing
Thinking of watching "Taken 4: When Child Services Call". Gotta love franchises that need to end! (umm. That is  )
|: thank you, oh so much, for filling my tl with as many spoilers as possible. # U n followed
I don't hate you, i'm just not necessarily excited about your existence
What I like best about electric stoves is taking 30 minutes to boil water.
Maybe #Black Lives Matter should be a TV reality show  so that it will CONTINUALLY stay on the minds and in the mouths of the masses
Pretty awesome sight watching a team laugh and smile while getting crushed 14-2
I wish we had power like the Blue Jays. # R o y a l s # post season #Take The Crown
Pennington in throws first pitch strike. More strikes than Tepera threw.
Things I love about flights: 1.Crying Kids 2.Ignorant Parents 3.Loud Oldies 4.Big Groups with Volume Control Issues 5.No Leg room
When will you sheep wake up the true goal of progressivism is # w h i t e g e n o c i de # white power
Sit down and give your mind a rest . # rest # humor # curve ma
Whatever is eating you must be suffer ing horribly. # suffer # terrible # humor # curve ma
Shocking news out of Louisville!!!! Do I need the
A big hearty 'welcome back' to my insomnia. I was starting to worry after four days of nice, normal sleep.
I juss lah being silly  at its level best
Younger siblings are the best! Especially when you want something that they borrowed from you back  #But Its Mine Tho #Give It Back
Ugh. Yes, the Liberal win was just stupid people bandwagoning on the shiny object. Sure NDP, keep dreaming. # p n p c b c
I love having classes until 9pm...
OMG the 3rd baseman caught the ball in 3rd base foul territory. Unheard of. # sick of these announcers # r o y a l s #Take The Crown
Wow. Guess I should have added  to that last tweet. Lots of very earnest folks on Twitter today.
There aren't enough Viagra ads on. #ALCS # Post season
You know what my favorite thing is... When people post statuses on Facebook about their intimate life details... So my fave
Red Hulk repeats his gross threat and She-Hulk passes out as he chokes her. Truly a wonderful scene. # r e a d c o m i c s
I love outrageous titles. "Watch this man manipulate fire, water, air, penis and pizza. WITH NO HANDS, MOM!" # The struggle is real
I just love going to work starving # people know me too well
got caught up in youtube marching band videos again...hmm there are other songs to dance to, and they're from the past five years
Best of luck with #Boycott Star Wars V I I I hope it works out for you
No greater evidence of how Christians are "oppressed" than Jesus's birthday party starting in October.  #Win The Holidays
I've managed to put 2000 miles on my car somehow. Probably the drive across the country if I had to guess.
Duran Duran haven't aged at all. # l a t e r j o o l s
I just really love thinking my lab practical is next week and I have all week to study then look and it's today! #Best Thing Ever
#Boycott Star Wars V I I because star wars, a series that has wookies, little green men and droids are fine, but not a black person
I reckon if we push on now, we could almost certainly get in their half # b w f c # tedious # had shit to do
Ok now I'm really confused. I thought the Premier League was shite & Bundesliga was next best thing since sliced bread. NOW WHAT???
Hey guy with the pressure washer outside my window... thanks for waking me up from my nap.
That Dickey trade looks really good right about now doesn't it? # hindsight i guess #Blue Jays #Come Together
Hell yeah what a result by my boys in blue. It's tough to go to Kiev and snag a point.
"But he has nice hair"! #Scary Story In5 Words #Prime Minister Justin Trudeau # humor # can ad a votes
My favorite thing in the whole wide world is not getting texted back.
whelp...Jim Webb is out of the race. Never saw that coming... #Feel The Bern #Democratic Socialism # Bernie 2016
Can't believe how few Roasts and Toasts have come in via email today relating to yesterday's federal election.
How's what's currently happening nationwide at universities not a crisis? #Blade Nzimande # what a time to be alive Such stellar officials
eptic and LAXX at fucking EPR on wednesday oh joy, i'm excited to see all the creeps
I love to hear Peter Kings answer to the question: Do you think Bush is a War Criminal? I wonder how he would answer that? # fy i live
I have to do two projects,prepare a presintation and study for four tests. Fucking great. # w h y y o u d o d is school
If you dint know, Owen Hargreaves use to play for Bayern, you might not be be able to tell by his 'neutral' commentary.
Wait is that De Rossi again? Hmm guess he’s worth keeping!
The Color Purple. Maybe Oprah should buy a stake in Yahoo too? $WTW  $YHOO down 1.6% with earnings due out after closing bell.
So dark vader gif and meme is a no go now. but yes please go on boycotting star war cuz they have a black actor. #Star Wars Racism
It just gets better and better
Oh Star Wars has a black man in a pivotal role that doesn't have him conveying any stereotypical behavior. It's anti-white.
So glad I have such supportive friends
So the Eglinton Crosstown construction won't interrupt traffic?!? Yeaaahhhh okay
Gotta say being the one person who ALWAYS gets picked on is so much fun.
Thanks for inviting me to the dinner guys… # don t care
Didn't use  for a long time... until now! #Dying Humorist
Is anyone watching this "Outside the Lines" on ESPN? This women is the mom of the year.  #ESPN #Outside The Lines
... On the bright side, I have to go to the hospital tomorrow
Oh everyone at work just brings so much joy to my life.... .
Tesla now down 9%. If this keeps up, Oprah may soon need to take a stake.  $TSLA $WTW
Dghtr couldn't get the lid off a jar earlier bc of her "sprained"" wrist. Pity she doesn't have another hand
#Londoners Freak Out When they have to do anything that involves common sense #Sweeping Generalisation  #Dont Take It Serious
Jim Webb couldn't cut it as a democratic candidate, so he's thinking of running as an independent??? # yeah that l l work
They should invent something that allows you to drive at a constant speed on the highway
Cup o' noodles & seltzer for lunch. I'm a culinary master. # tool y thoughts
It's ok. Why would you choose me, who supports you as a person and your soccerteam, if you could have her, who does nothing of this?
Getting ready to head off to another round of testing. Woo....
Time to add heatstroke to the list of what has made today such a great day.
Wow what a wonderful way to start the day! :-)
Tonight's gonna go great I can already tell... # family is great
I love waking up to a baby blanket covered in poop. Potty training is going real well you guys
Did a conference announce some coverage of a winter sport today? I haven't heard # t wit t e r overflow
good job twitter and media for drawing massive attention to 8 racist nerds out of 300 mil Americans. # b o y c o t t s t a r w a r s v i i
So glad I got to get Calculus out of the way in high school like I wanted.  #thx T C H S
Oh no... Eddie Lacy is on a BYE week. How will I survive without his 2 points this week?! #Fantasy Football # bust
Doc says I'm up to a 2lb weight limit on the arm. I'm so excited!  #Torn Biceps Update
I'm almost at 20 followers wow I'm so # popular
Today = The Joy of Operating System Upgrade # production life # V i de o editing
Person: Stop thinking about it. Me: Wow thank you. I am cured. You should write a book.
I love how my parents don't text me back.
The best feature #i O S9 brought to my iPhone 5 is the fact that every app crashes in its first attempt to load.
No mutual friends, don't know you and we share not hing in common. Sure, I'll add you as an FB friend. Suuure I will. # not
I love realizing halfway through my work day that I spilled coffee on my shirt.
I see you... on the bus... with your Apple watch. # priorities
Any day you spend doing ethics training is a good day
Last night, after tasting the beer I made, a dude said to me, "Not bad for a girl." Yup, that made my night awesome. # craft beer
The Backstreet Boys planning an epic tour with The Spice Girls!. Nice. Anyone gonna pretend that they didn't read this?
Poor oppressed # c is he t folk - ya gotta rise up and reclaim that word! Make it yours! Loud and Proud c is he t liberation!!!
I love it when projects begin with "What standard am I working to today?" # humor # s m h
Who knew there were so many internet horsemen smarter than Mandella when it comes to caring for a hot mare like Beholder?
So long, London. Thanks for never raining while I was here.
who knew the biggest babies coming out of this election would be NDP supporters?
Humans never cease to amaze me. Their level of intelligence is incredible.
# b ash f est 15 Huber shows the cosmic sexiness ladder. Sun and stars at the base because of course we know everything about them.
Did I forget to mention that the today's paper tasted like rice that I just eat it instead of doing it. # lame
Ha! Drake slayed those dance moves in the #Hotline Bling vid...
Time to end the day with my most favourite subject of all .... Maths # yeah right # wanna go home
Just had to issue my first Ebay refund because a $280 pot was destroyed in shipping... Thanks, FedEx.
No Jar Jar in new Star Wars trailer? That's it, I'm boycotting #Star Wars The Force Awakens # star wars trailer #Boycott Star Wars V I I
Oh good, talking to himself dude decided to sit right next to me. # public transport at ion
I'm sure DIS will remain red today.....
I got the blue check meaning I'm verified, so for all those fake accounts pretending to be me - in your face! # nobody wants to be me
I think I speak for everyone when I say the new Star Wars looks like a total Netflixer. # kind of
Yes, it is David Cameron's fault that importing steel from China is significantly cheaper than making it in the UK
I just love being a hormonal and sweaty mess! Especially when I'm sleeping! # post part um
The thing that terrifies me the most is that someone might hate me as much as I loathe you. # curve ma
Wow, What is a twitter? #myfirst Tweet
Today, I have invented the cloak of invisibility! No longer just in books and movies ladies and gentlemen! # kernel of truth
Look! Look here! It's me!!! Pay me some attention!!!
Ooo good. High on the # liberal agenda is spending 100 million to bring in 25 K Syrians.
Even when you include a or an # irony hashtag people can't grasp the concept
I've been waiting for the next sports scandal.
"let me show you the difference between a user and a group"-real quote from this morning's training . #IT # training # mind blown
Congrats John.W! You may have forgotten but we haven't. RIP Row Row . #at#its#finest
Spilt coffee on my school shirt. # great morning
Cheers to me, the newest auditor!
Apparently theres a new Star Wars trailer out? Anyone know where I can find it # star wars
Well today's going to be a GREAT DAY
So, yer. Your Granddaughter is super! Thanks for asking!  #nexttimedontevenfuckingtalktome
just what i need for my ps4 more stickers thanks Sony # un acceptable
"We also thank the russian/ukrainian rebels for putting Msia on the map. Save gov tourism money."  (in case u didnt get it)
Those who # say I am # no # fun ... # poor # chaps ..you are too # bad at !!.... # brain less # Fools
And in less than a year #Oscar Pistorius is out............what a punishment, I'm sure he's learnt his lesson!
everyone has a small dick unless they own a big truck
Up since half five! Not tired at all...
Forget wats reported in intl media About # Egypt vote. Its all part of global conspiracy.Only el Watan and youm sabe3 speak truth
What? No basketball? The guy must be rolling over in regret and remorse. Oh heavy, hefty punishment.
every time i have to tell people that i'm being sarcastic its like puttin a in every single one of my tweets. Its # obvious people
If you want to scare people this time at Halloween - Dress up as Beef !!! # in di a # beef scare Pun Intended
Next move of shiv sena may be- gherao of red fort. Acc. To them its an epitome of India subjugation to muslim Mughals # shit t ys en a
Graduating is going to be anticlimactic. All I'll be doing is moving out and into a different state. With no money.
It took us over an hour to cast our vote at the advanced polls w 20 ppl in line. This result is the cherry on top...not. # El x n 42
It's late & I'm not sleeping. I'm sensing a pattern here. 12:33 a.m. good times
Breaking! Sacre's name tag taken off the locker during the locker room interviews! # l a k e r s #I Wish Though
Wait Canada has more than two political parties? Omg that's crazy what heathens. # we should try that
It's ALWAYS fun to wake up in the middle of the night choking on your own stomach acid and bile. # tt r tt p t # pregnancy problems
Requesting 10 courses next semester and my credit hours aren't overloaded... man I love being a music major
As long as there's only one black guy, I won't #Boycott Star Wars V I I  for my safety
Decided to start my own twitter account. I'm studying PR, I guess I should know how to "tweet." # but really though
Oh what a year to be alive, being 21 is the *best*
I'm sure glad I went to college.
new sched is love i cannot hehe
Hokie P found! Thanks everyone for the collective effort going into locating it.
I just love when Nicole snores
So Macklemore is just chilling in Russell Wilson's pool? # confused
6 year old shoots and kills 3 year old brother. Move along. Nothing to see. The gun was clearly not at fault in this case.
Well that made me feel a whole lot better.
A friend request at 12.30am? This should be interesting # social media problems
Listening to the NDP leader's concession speech. Jeez, what a surprise this guy lost seats. What charisma!
Imagine Trudeau had been ready. # e l x n 2015 # can ad a votes #Team Trudeau
Wouldn't it be nice to turn your gay switch on and off?
Aw, so sad for Pat Martin. # e l x n 42
Donnell sure built on that momentum from last week.
Two of my favourite people on my TV; Bob Rae and Adam Vaughan
Stupid # R o y a l s just killed a rally. #Blue Jays
LRT: How am I supposed to know a politician's stance on the issues? What would CNN broadcast for the other 50+ wks?
Keep hearing NDP saying they at least they got rid of Harper. Oh yeah, good job sucking & handing it to the Liberals #Well Deserved
I love all the practical effects!!!!
And unless Ambrose answers the open challenge Sunday, he is off ANOTHER PPV card. Very well done, WWE.  I’m done. Bed time.
That 2nd round pick Chip gave up for Bradford was totally worth it.
The #N Y Gvs P H I game is terrible. The NFC East looks terrible. Can't wait to see more primetime games featuring these teams.
Lol this eagles offense tho! Lmao
I think is super awesome that my opinion isn't the same as yours and now you're bringing up shit from 3 years ago.
Streaming shows: thank god the commercials are always fine and the shows always freeze. I only watch for the commercials.
The last hour of my shift was the most productive I've ever been. #Star Wars The Force Awakens # trailer is awesome # o mg # were home
I like to think that the legion of doom isn't nearly as good anymore because Byron Maxwell isn't there
# Marriage is like a bar of # soap . It smells # delicious until you take a # bite out of it! # funny # line # joke # laugh # laugh ter
So is there a new #Star Wars or something?
Ah, Calandra and Fantino lost. I'm just heartbroken. # e l x n 42 # c d n p ol i
Congratulations on electing a part time drama teacher as the Prime Minister
Yes, Canadians all get together and plan how we're all going to vote to give the government an exact message
For players that are "concerned" w/concussions, they sure do slap each other in the head in a congratulatory way very aggressively
And what a shock ryback  #RAW
Nice to see a well played pro football game. #N Y Gvs P H I
i very much love when ppl only talk about themselves
No, I don't want #Star Wars tickets.
That's okay I didn't want talk to you either lol
Really looking forward to how much debt we'll be in the next few years!
Will someone PLEASE tell me where I can see the new #Force Awakens trailer! I can't find it anywhere!!
Eating chocolate covered strawberries and reminiscing on how "great" this day has been.
The great thing about critical theory is that you can read and read and read and never get to the end of your book
And once Trudeau is sworn in, the novice gaffes will begin piling up :)
Can't wait to hear Harper's concession speech, delightful to hear "I lost" in English and French
Can't wait for everyone's reaction videos.  ;)
It's awesome that #M L B Postseason is on tv right now. Awesome. # its not really on
Great to know my friends have my back
That buildup was so worth the 30 second trailer #The Force Awakens
Good thing i didnt pause the world for that Star Wars Trailer just now  #The Force Awakens
Charlotte makes her entrance and the crowd goes wild!  #WWE #RAW
Boy, the NFC East is a powerhouse.
Nice to see SK will have such a strong representation in our new govt....
Why pay taxes when they can just print money? HAHA.
I love driving to LB in the rain with all these idiot drivers just to find out class is cancelled
Roman Reigns? Like that wasn't predictable.
Bye Mr. Harper. Thanks for everything! # e l x n 42 # c d n p ol i
It's a good thing we won't be missing out on Boomer's final drive because of Star Wars
Does this mean I have to pay tax on my Netflix now? # El en x 42
wow, and the crowd goes mild. vince was right about cesaro not connecting with the fans #RAW
My favorite thing ever is when I'm texting people and then they suddenly fall off the face of the planet and stop replying to me.
People voted for change. That's what's left in my wallet now. Thanks! Appreciate this # El x n 42
Alek brings SO much personality to the show. #DWTS
Is this always the #MNF game? I thought #N Y Gvs P H I was last Monday, too.
Yay, how nice that when a fandom actually is trying to be conscious and representative of other genders outside of the binary we  +
You know what I'm NOT sick of seeing? F lippin # F and u e l commercials. I need more of those. #Said No One Ever # n f l
Talbot was such a big loss.
oooh no ppl are boycotting star wars cuz its anti white oh sweet mama jesus no how cud my favourite franchise do this to the whites
Wonderful ball control by Jennings. These Giants really know how to avoid turnovers. Great job boys!
Clearly the lack of effort from the Blue Jays is continuing through the postseason.
Do I win an award for being last in my #Fantasy Football league?
what ever sickness is going around always seems to find me:) it just makes me so happy!
Colabello with the bat flip on the walk. That kind of flair is disrespectful to the game.  #Blue Jays #Come Together
Riley Cooper stinks! How can they even keep him on this team? #Eagles Talk
Thanks, announcer, for enlightening me and letting me know I was NOT watching NCAA football. I had previously been confused  #MNF
Thank God. I was hoping we would hear more about Tulo's floppy glove.
Temperature in Orlando is supposed to get down to 66 degrees. It's really cold here.
I really wish someone would tweet whether or not they got their star wars tickets. I wonder if anyone is going to see it at all.
3 and out. Awesome guys. Great offense there.  #N Y Gvs P H I
Well that was a greeeeat start for the # Eagles defense. The Giants didn't even have a 3rd down play on that drive
Solid start by both of my teams. # Eagles # J a ys
Eagles vs Giants this one will go down as one for the ages...
Always enjoyable: two kids working on projects for different classes as the same time.
Nice that CBC isn't showing the other party colours when showing the leaders of each riding. # can p ol i # c b c
Why isn't Melvin Pole singing the National Anthem on Monday Night Football?!?!?!?!?
Kofi said ass on a PG show, he's so bad  #RAW
Looks like that strategic voting is going really well. # can p ol i
A 6 man tag!!!! We never see those anymore!!!! # raw # w we #Stone Cold
Tweeting from my sick chromebook. Thanks BHS # Bedford
Keyshawn picking against Eagles. What a shocker!!! # m n f
Well. This is a good start...
15 TDs, 2 INTs through six games. Some fans are right: Rodgers IS playing poorly. # f off
Nice beard, Joe Buck. Someone should sign him up for that home delivery razor that is over advertised. # shave it
It's bad enough I have to hear a foreign national anthem during a baseball game, but I have to hear part of it in FRENCH?!?
I wonder if I block/mute all forms of criticism it will make everything just peachy
I live within my means, it’s the govt that can’t and wants to live within mine too. # Q u o t e # Funny # H um our
I'm not going to have any problems sleeping tonight #Positive Thinking aka
Voters in might elect a new Prime Minister whose only qualification is he is young and makes great speeches. Worked well for us.
When your mom mixes you and your twin up
Civic duty done!! Now we sit and wait for our next lord and savior # ex l n 42
I live my life between jokes that will only live in my mind because people don't fully appreciate my sense of # humor # I m funny to me
If y'all want to hang come and let me be your servant for the day #JK  #Pls Stay Home
Since when did it become winter already and totally skip over fall? #I Love This Time Of The Year
It is getting cold and windy outside, something we rarely see in Canada, so I don't blame those not bothering to vote # e l x n 42
Boy I'm glad the CBC is using tax dollars for a fancy 3D model of the House of Commons... # o v e r f u n d e d
As an introvert, Facebook is like a collection of reminders of all m my social failings. Facebook is so great
My friend just told me a joke, in  form- so funny! Learn something new everyday!
Oscar Pistorius is out. I'm sure he's learned his lesson.
You know what I love? When people drive 25 miles an hour on main roads during rush hour. Love. It. # road rage # breathe # Boston
Really looking forward to being at work at 5am all week
Yay for me my student loans come out of their grace period on my birthday this year
Practicing an interpretive dance for work tomorrow. Song: Almost Paradise. Because you know the office is not paradise.
I’ve told I don’t want to drive for one hour in Milano only for a pizza and my so called friends decided I have to… thanks guys…
When you walk in the door & get tons of enthusiastic puppy kisses & wish you had an aloof cat instead.  #Cats Are Cruel #Dogs Rule
Can't wait for my 5:15 alarm, three thickness changes in one day # woo p
I just wish that the Kojima/Konami split had been spoken about before. This is the first I'm hearing about it.
I wish I had time to take selfies all day long like other girls my age. # priorities # working girl # the struggle is real
I love my # V e r i z on #i Phone 6+ 3G! 3G from Woodside to the center of Manhattan! All the way! Nothing but 3G! Yaaaaay V e r i z on 3G! #FU
#Boycott Star Wars V I I If the lead characters are a woman and a black guy, how is the NORMAL people going to relate to them?
dont you just love histology? you get to look at purple blobs all day # a in t life fun ! -_- #thestrawthatbrokethecamelsback
Boycotting Star Wars for being anti-white: the next ingenious idea created by first world people with too much time on their hands
Getting bitched out by # t t c personnel is always my fave # obviously
Thanks to everyone who made my gf super depressed by not helping her get phil to notice her halloween name. .
#Boycott Star Wars V I I, because...you know...that totally won't send the wrong message. Just ask Radical Entertainment!  #Fuck Boycotts
Love when someone responds to a writer with 2 huge spoilers.
So racists #Boycott Star Wars V I I because there's a black lead? But... How is that possible? Black president! Racism is over! # sigh
Thank you for aaaaaallllll the spoilers guys. Honestly, nice one #TWD
I may be wrong but I think there's an election today. Nobody on social media has told me to vote... #Canadian Election # can ad a votes
After a long day at work it was great to see a nail in my cars tire.......
And I was up until 3:30 making final revisions
Bloating is one of my favourite parts of #P M Sing - right after shitting and bleeding out simultaneously. I also like . #Pixies Take
My favorite texts are ones where people tell me to "stop harassing them" lol
Please remind me everyday how I look 12...
Well I just took 5 minutes out of my life to vote. That was REALLY hard to do. I can see why people don't bother.
Gosh I just love working weekdays!
so now that i have a boyfriend am i suppose to post a # m cm of him at the beginning of every week? or will that make him mad?
I need to know where McMenamin got her shirt from because that's classy! # university challenge
So I have an interview but I'm also sick... Oh, this is going to go well!
What lives in the lake revolves around some weird occurrences around a lake... Really?! I hadn't guessed. #SPN # An i me #I Be Bad Person
The New Orleans Saints have released Kicker Zack Hocker,, well I for one am shocked.
Well, that made my day fantastic...
when you're in that work mode and you feel so fucking successful # hell yes # love school
The worst part of  is when you have to explain it!!
I;m so excited to vote for the lesser evil today!!.... # can ad a votes Somehow humming the Twilight theme song seems appropriate..
Just missed my exit.. Got anything else for me Monday?! # stop it
If Shiv-sena goons try restricting Pakis at Border, den our beloved # Soldiers will hav sum rest at least.(2/2) #Aleem Dar #Shiv Sena
have you ever met the human version of headache? # Lass i
It's like so dumb when u noticing the float yet u still trying to swim. Let it float away gosh.
Wow I love Mondays and I love being busy 24/7
Guys, I'm not sure it's election day. Is it election day? I can't seem to find out anywhere if it is. # e l x n 42
Yes please giving my dog with digestive issues a "huge chunk" of butter basted chicken...he'll love it
It's funny the things that make the "news". What we deem entertainment. Smh. # our society #itsmoreimportant S T U F F
This flight has that signature United touch that everyone knows and loves.
Having never seen the internet before, I thought #Boycott Star Wars V I I might be about Kenny Baker not having his name on the poster.
Oh the joy I get from taking my uncle to the Bristol public library to rent movies
Don’t you love it when people with university degrees start saying that university degrees aren’t all they’re cracked up to be?
'That's a nother # autism myth blown out the water' 'Really' & # metaphor
You know what I need today. Another reminder to vote. Nobody has reminded me yet # voted a week ago
Wait, hold on a minute. There's an election today!?!? How is this the first time i'm hearing of it???
FUBAR cat to start the Monday. Just what I wanted!  #Vet Tech Problems
Come wedding season in Delhi and it will a nightmare for people driving to and from work. Groom suffers and so does all of us!
Nobody is interested in your sorrow unless you make a poem of it..
I was blessed with terrible anxiety.
I'm so happy to be back at school!
I didn't know this was a call center.
You know your Monday is going GREAT when you've already said the "F word" about 20 times before 10:00am. #HR # deep breaths # o o o h s a ah
People nowadays will kill for social media recognition
There was an earthquake going on and I went to the bathroom instead of the emergency exit. Lol priorities :v :v :v
It's my day off and kids decided to wake me up at 5:15am! Yipee! GOOD MORNING TO ME!!!! # parent problems
#Four Words To Live By - I'll get you back. # humor
Learning financing at work omggg yay.
It's reassuring when there's incompetent people working the polling stations... # e l x n 42
Oh yay. Post-partum shedding has begun. # clogging drains
That was a fun commute... over an hour to get to work this morning. It'll be entertaining to see what the drive home takes...
Luv breaking out, especially on a Monday
My life takes the most interesting turns...  #Team Bad Luck #What Is Life
Wow Monday morning and you're pissy, suck it up cupcake, k arm a is a bitch # k arm a # u r a d i c k
sad when people photoshop fifa packs just to get retweets gg your winning at life
Yes, # cleaning up baking soda with vinegar is a # brilliant # idea .
To be declined from Mcdonalds or New World would sure boost my confidence in one day earning a stable income. # t b h not really
Today is the Canadian Federal Election. How am I ever going to survive when all the political ads disappear from my feeds?!?
# Asylum 15 has left me so sleep deprived, and now I have a day of lectures and rugby training. Oh it's going to go so well.
Can always count on my dad.
The morning has started wonderful. Only stuck in traffic for 40 minutes before I could get on the highway for my hour commute!
I love being awake before the sun rises.
I think I've played pond hockey in warmer temperatures then in this shop right now # so cold # work place
I heard there's an election today in Canada. Why wasn't I told? Not one single TV, radio or newspaper ad!! # can ad a votes
So glad Mother Nature decided to skip fall this year and head straight to winter.....
Hate Me? THANKS I APPRECIATE IT
My good will meets . KW # joy # relief # game theory? Or infinitely more #CPD but reflection point is in waiting.
# r et we et : AJENews AJEnglish ....there's so much love in the middle east. God must be so happy.
Geez, how lucky they are that ALL the relevant documentation has disappeared...what an astounding coincidence... #4 corners
#Adam Goodes becomes a DJ's brand ambassador and the abuse floods in - please, tell me again how this was never about race
Meltdowns at 3:30 AM are FUN.
Replacing Uwe Rosler with Steve Evans...such vision
Oh look, they nerfed Darius... what a surprise!
Hello Monday! So happy to see you! *waves* I'm looking forward to being plonked in front of my computer all day! Yayyy
OK, so trying to get tickets for #Star Wars The Force Awakens isn't the slightest bit difficult and frustrating...  #Happy Monday
Tom Jones knew Elvis.... Really...? He's never mentioned it before...
Irony is nt really my strong suit Try
Gotta be in work for 7.45, what a wonderful way to spend my birthday.
Couples be fighting too much on social media... I feel like I'm fighting with them too. # relation ships
I feel tired and sick... I can just tell today is gonna be great
Love when my BF leaves the toilet seat up
Well I certainly feel refreshed by the 90 mins of sleep I got between going to the bathroom and my alarm going off. # sick day
Well Monday.....we meet again! What's that? You want me to go play Xbox all week fully paid?? Oh ok go on!
Love ending my night like this  x10000
I think it's cute how the low information TeabillyRepublicans have been convinced they are part of the 1% who should pay more taxes
Oh look. It's my favourite day of the week
i tell ya…i know how to pick 'em… # s m hat the young b u l # man child # why he so fine though # not meant
We drummers should talk more to each other ;) I'm serious # drummers # unite # evolve # life style # music
OK C in der ell a was drunk as hell so she lost her "shoe" -- ruining childhood # C in der ell a # d is ne y #CHILDHOODMEMORIES
Less than 5 hours before I start work... Yesssssss! I love everything about this # live laugh love
"I'm not a feminist. I'm an egalitarianist." Wow that's great. What a stand you're taking. # stick it to the man # or woman ???
Tonight at work we had a new floor set, and I managed to knock down three whole tables all by myself! # winning
Thanks to the people that were sabotaging me behind my back  2 months of my hard work down the drain with 5 days left on deadline.
Being offended is for women and "white knights", not men crying over what women and "white knights" say.
Of COURSE the winning TD by Panthers wasn't the fault of Richard Sherman or any of the DB's. It's all on the coaches. # Sea hawks
I love when I'm tired and go to bed and as soon as I lay down I wake completely back up
I know peeps! (on dm) It was Russ Abbot!! # A t m o sphere I try
Oh yes I am going on a hike, on a mountain, w/o a trail, all by myself... I'm sure nothing will go wrong & I won't get lost.
Being in a car alone busting out every song. Then suddenly your just like I would but those bitches on american idol to shame.
"You know, you're taller than look" "I hunch." "Don't" Gets me every time. Give that man an Oscar # spider man
Shout out to all of the people who don't tip...you're pretty cool. But those of you who dine and dash...you're the real MVP
# Pat riots beat the Colts in the 2nd half AGAIN, are the footballs inflated okay? #Pats Vs Colts # Pat riots Nation # un defeated
Not tired, headache, tomorrow is Monday, and Hulu plus keeps freezing... My life is so hard! # but headaches suck
The 49ers win, so they're offering free shipping for merchandise. Well, isn't that nice of them. Wow, free shipping, how cool.
I've known quite a lot of people. Some are wise, rest are otherwise. # humor
Oh the mucous is so wonderful. No no. I'll keep it a little longer. Please no, don't leave I hate lying down to sleep
This game is sooo much closer than the AFC championship last year.. Any more questions on how much #Deflate Gate helped the Pats
when ur phone dies in the middle of the concert and all ur snapchats delete # same # not upset
Good thing my fantasy teams are doing well.
Any Sekera haters wanna explain that shitty pass? Lol  I love u all!
Day 8 Box Jumps are fun...lol # j a m e s fit
is that dry piece of response that many find their comfort in. It's like ' I'll say it cause I know it will trickle him/her'.
The second largest Russian airline has gone bankrupt. Obama and Merkel have won!
Why offend an # idiot with truth when you can compliment him with
Glad to see the first two weeks Colts are playing in the fourth quarter.  #I N Dv N E
That special teams play by the colts obviously didn’t work because the patriots spied on the colts all week and knew the play
Yes, I love when the colts look stupid.  #WHATINTHEWORLD
That was the dumbest thing i have ever seen #N Evs I N D Nice Call Indy
10pm and all my chores are already done. Should be an exciting night at the house!!!  #Night Shift #Nuc Life
Dallas didn't lose this week so that's a good thing. # I know they didn t play
People who live tweet a show & have the time to look for gifs to explain how characters feel must REALLY be engaged with the show.
Chandler had a beef on that non-call. Yeah, # Pat riots never get any calls.
This is just a great feeling.
Two and four. Kirk top 5 in ints. Thanks Jay. # right direction . # q b guru #Fire Gruden #whereis Alf
The Mormon parents look pretty cool #90 day fiance
When you are swamped with homework and you know you will be up till about 1 o-clock... # awesome # tired
Pats losing at half, and Pats Twitter blames the refs. Didn't see that one coming
The Colts leading the Patriots at halftime proves once and for all #Deflate Gate was real. #Case Closed # I m the de cider #MNF
Bummer that #TWD has started off so slow this season.
I love new residents! They are always so helpful and really listen # said no nurse ever # i cup robs
This game is a defensive masterpiece
Dick move # winter . You're making # global warming look bad. # funny # irony # humor .
the bills defense scored negative points for my fantasy team this week # d a bills # proud to be a bills fan
Eddie Lacy has been the death of my fantasy team. Thanks for the 3 points today.
Tuesday is predicted to be, surprise, surprise, Hot but not as Hot as Wednesday. Oh, good. More Heat.
I'm so glad I blocked out so much of my Sunday to watch the # bears and # c u b s ...
Can someone please post on Facebook about carving pumpkins? I don't think I saw enough posts
Forget #Deflate Gate we've got #Fumble Gate now. Somehow it'll be Brady's fault.  #SNL #Pats Nation #Pats Vs Colts
The kid that plays Carl is such a good actor # kids t inks
#SNF I get it. You played #Elvis Costello #Pump It Up. Hilarious. # Pat riots
There is nothing more fun than pretending to observe on a sunday night, in humid weather, because its too early to call it a night.
Let's hope TBS replays Daniel Murphy's homer again this inning. We haven't seen it enough tonight.
11yo wants to be Harry Potter for Halloween. I don't sew and I'm cheap, so finding a costume should be a cinch, right? Right.
Good stand by the D # Pat riots
God, I'm glad I have such great friends that are so considered with my life.... NOT # thanks for your concern # b itches
So, your Pro Writing Tip is "don't suck"? You think I should also spellcheck my cover letter?  #likeadvicefromteenagers
The Texans won this weekend, so at least I've got that going for me.
Whoaaaaaa, Dungy picked the Colts! This is totally surprising!!!
#OUAT A&E have hard-ons 4 cheating wives since they can't stop writing them. Divorce attorneys & PIs would make a fortune on them!
Thor doesn't have tonight he's only hitting 99
#OUAT Hook lying. Big surprise. .
Thanks Eddie Lacy. Thanks. Good game today. I can se why you were such a high draft choice by GB.
I can't believe how many people are # blessed
Go ahead and put the Panthers in the Super Bowl. They’re that great.
The quality of Facebook video is so good!
School started exactly a month and 10 days ago and I've spent every single weekend and my birthday studying. Me? Hating school? Nah
I love when people just talk over me mid sentence.
Palestinian people are always stabbing Israeli people. So why bomb when obviously Palestinians only have knives?!  #Free Palestine
What a shame #Cam Newton will never make it in the NFL, huh? Real shame. # suck it
Seahawks D comin thru in the clutch yet again. # unreal
Shawn Mendes is on the radio. Yay.
Time for the "best QB in the league" to score on what is the best defense in the NFL # Packers #offense Sucks
All that extra practice for Funchess is really paying off.
There’s nothing better than starting to learn InDesign on a Sundaynight.
Bazz and bjelica come in and we dominate who would have thought?
Love how ppl who were never university of Memphis fans before are randomly acting like fans just bc they beat ole miss.
Refs in Seattle's favor? I'm shocked!
Still in the closet, thank you for your help everyone. # its dark in here #and i m hungry a f
Anquan Boldin? Why can't we get guys like that?..... # R a v e n s
Wow! Flacco is playing great today!  #B A Lvs S F
Joe Flacco just threw it up for grabs. Yeah, that was smart.
Studying at school is thrilling I am learning!!!!!!  #As Before Baes doe
What do I do!? I'm OUT OF POPCORN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  #NASCAR
It sounds like the stadium is full of screeming charger fans,
Thanks to the person who egged my car last night  #Great Way To Start Monday
"He ripped his car up. Investigate it NASCAR."
Carl's Jr. is so classy  #Ratchet Commercials #Please Stop
Always nice when a famous last name with a 'reality' show takes out a talented driver & damages a championship contender.
I can't believe they already left. They were only here for 5 hours!
Typically at Lambeau opponents score 0.07963 points for every Q1 Packer point. Today Chargers score 0.214286. Not looking good.
Shocked that Torrey Smith beat us on a long ball. # R a v e n s
Weddle looked real good on that play  #G Bvs S D
Being a Browns fan really makes my week.
When your friend says they're coming up to San Marcos, and then they ask can I stay at your place? Uh no...
What, a cafe lead called out again? Looks like the whole store has hell to pay. # not bitter # retail problems
3 Peyton INTS, but remember that time he through a deep TD pass?
At least my fantasy teams are doing good... # losing by 40
Cutler sucks. Bears totally woulda won this in regulation if he wasn't QB.
Yay another quarter of this classic game. # Bears
Oh good the offense gets the ball
This game should have been over with a # B r owns win? Thanks Mike??? #Fire Pettine
Im so happy I sat Martavis Bryant today
Watching Josh McCown finish out this close game against the Broncos reminds me how glad I am the Bears still have Smokin’ Jay.
If # Broncos lose, everyone should stand outside of D.T's house with torches & pitchforks because he blew the game!
It's super fun when people are half in your lane and you have to turn with the gooseneck…
3 passes. All inside the pocket. Great start. Better play calling.
There's the good old ultra-conservative playcalling from John Fox with an unsafe lead and plenty of time left. # love it
I don't get it. Rex got Aaron mabin 6 sacks and our front four can't get anything. ...kinda
Wait, so the QB DOESN'T stay out if he has to go out for a play? Thought that was a rule or something.
LOVE the skins play calling the last two plays. NOT!  is my last resort. No touchdown.
THAT 24 PIT CREW IS INCREDIBLE!!
getting so much done today. #PTL my husband decided to golf all day on our only day off # sour # la und r ys done
Welp. This 7 hour trip should be a fun one
too good i have landry jones on my fantasy team
Peyton manning is def still great
Quick get the ball and punt! We need to get the defense out here to score a touchdown!  kind of...
Whiz not knowing the rules is shocking right?
This Jeffery guy is good! Did the Bears just get him?
Death is the negation of that which is negative and the affirmation of that which is positive. - Thanks Tillich... so helpful.
Morgan please take longer to get ready so I won't have time to see my friends later # obviously # i m fuck in g hungry
Ryan Fitzmagic is the greatest qb in jets history.  but Thank God IK busted Geno in the jaw.
Mr. AUTOMATIC, ladies and gentlemen! Cairo Santos breaks up the no-no! Hell of a guy! # Chiefs (I do like Santos, just frustrated)
How much money did we spend on that d line? 100 million plus? Good job getting pressure boys!  #Being A Bills Fan Is The Worst
I can't wait to hear Phil Simms...waxing poetic about RIvers & Gates & Te'o. #S Dvs G B # Packers #Go Pack Go
Oh good. Finally a sack, dam near end of 3rd qtr. # Y i p p e e #T E Nvs M I A
Nice to see the # Bills D torturing Dalton in the pocket today
What an Elite front 4 for the # Bills
2 points for manning so far on fantasy # heating up ?
Washington wrs keep slipping on Cousins ints. .
Tell you one thing. the WRs and TE are baling Kirk out. They must like him or something..
Just catching the # six chair challenge for the 1st time on #X Factor Nice to see peoples dreams are being crushed harder than ever!
Ireland knocked out of the #RWC2015 ..Villa Beat..not a single winning bet..but the 1 that'l hurt the most...Daniel out of Strictly
That was obviously someone else's fault.
This Texans and Jags game is riveting...  #NFL
Jay Cutler, you are my hero.
Are you sure that's an INT NFL?????
Buffalo has such a durable team. Catching the ball on the ground must be really rough on you.
the best part about football season is that every fan becomes an athletic trainer/ physical therapist
Tannehill is proving to be worth every penny of that new contract. #M I Avs T E N
When people are being sarcastic to you it's so fun to pretend you think they're serious and get all confused
I love it when it snows in the middle of October
Thank goodness my fantasy players are keeping up their no TD’s streak from last week! # fantasy football
My productivity level today is unreal
|| That was so much fun to write..
Let's watch Mr. Checkdown put on a clinic for this two minute drive. # chiefs nation # no hope
It's uncanny. I keep thinking I see Hagelin but it's J. Fast.
I think I read a stat this week that # B r owns have one of the worst defenses in the league…. They look pretty good to me. # Broncos
Tannehill has a turnover? Shocking. # not shocking
#LRT YES, I hope that Pythagoras oppa wil notice me. :TTT
There's the #Houston Texans I know and love
These CBS commentators are funny. Maybe you guys should have tried for coaching job? # c b s sports # m i am i dolphins
Likely New Zealand v Australia RUWC final, I see. If only Rugby League World Cup final could be so unpredictable
Well aren't you a joyful little lady! Woaaaa
Could anybody tell me where The Red Hot Chili Peppers are from? I feel like they never mention it.
I wonder what is Gruden going to do at Running back now # Red skins # i hate jay g rude n #HTTR
is all about saying #Fuck You in the nicest possible way.
I'm glad our o-line made it to the game today. It would terrible if every rusher came unblocked. # Steelers # Ugh
84 bishops sign letter demanding UK gov do more for the refugee crisis. Surely the could just ask God to fix the problem? # a the ist
Is Kyle Rudolph still on this team?!
Being lied to is the best feeling in the world
Can't wait for Hoyer's 99 yd drive  #Texans Gameday
I can't wait to explain to people that it isn't a new death star.  #The Force Awakens
Nice of the Bears defense to show up.
The penalty occurred 5 yards into the end zone...but good call though
Wow, EJ is terrible can't believe the Bills kept him (whiner line voice)....... #Bills Mafia  #In Case You Thought I Was Serious
Looks like that screen really fooled the Vikings! # Chiefs #All We Do Is Screen
Well, Broncos are off to a good start...:
Who is this "Justin Gilbert"? # B r owns
#Rejected Sunday Sermon Topics Blessed Are The Beheaders: The Sermon on the Mount that the Jews have hidden from you
Love waking up to an air horn on your birthday
Why do so few Silicon Valley companies have # g e n e r a t i o n z executives?
I think #TV # s t a r l e t t e s love # T wit t e r so much because 140 letters can hold their whole # vocabulary . # opinion # entertain men t # lex is
i hope this new feature of the xbox one turning itself off randomly is part of the # n x o e after the full ui is released.
Oh good, A-Rod is a TV analyst now...glad I went to college for broadcasting.
End of the day nothing going to change # fate # hate my life
Hey Did everybody hear. Dwayne Bowe is Inactive today?
I am sorry but I would rather see the Ashton Kutcher version of #Steve Jobs! Far superior acting.
#Tail Gate19 I think #Josh Mc Cown will pass 4 more than # Pe y ton His arm is stronger & the best passer's team loses more time than not
I woke up to an amazing message. # blessed # happy girl #I R Ev A R G #Alden Maine For Adult Plus # t e let hon 7 #M S Uvs M I C H #Push The Limits
Is cultural or generational? Or both? # thoughts
Tomorrow's a busy day for her. You can all now quit acquainting yourselves with the videoke. Thank you.
#A Knights Tale wow, this is just never on tv
To my lovely neighbors with angelic singing voices, please let this poor sick girl sleep early.
That was a resounding show of support for the PM by Ms Rempel. # p n p c b c
Wasn't tonight supposed to be Tom Brady's return?
Well you know it's a real ripper of a race when the only replay you get is Lars' foot touching the ground # V al ken b u r g
Today is goiing to be the day the Dolphins demonstrate it was the Coach.  #Tannehill S U C K S #Phins Up
How good is it that we have a pseudo-member for Newcastle?
Yessssss I woke at 715 am on Sunday, 5 hours of sleep
Nothing like dealing with a racist park ranger # good times
Wish they had those lists on how to run companies back in the day. No need for all those classes & that experience. # en t re p re ne u r
I am really looking forward to the Super Sunday game .... Norwich v Newcastle
its your life! Dont let # Others tell you how to live it!
That's Tommy Bowe off injured now. Brilliant, this.  #IRE
Of course you’re going to have more ‘teachers’ in nursery. Who else will administer the standardised tests?
Dress shoes,white socks,blue gym shorts,undershirt,black and grey jacket, yea that's a real classy look.
I just love to drive to work with ice on my car and the temperature at 30 degrees..... # missing the heat
Thanks for asking me to come hang out. I really like how you spent the entire time talking to someone else
Meanwhile Lalu Yadav blamed modi and Gujarat model because Mishra(upper cast) got Amla's (minority) wicket, # humor #I N Dv S A
Why do you always look so surprised in your selfies? Didn't you know you were taking the photo? # dedicated
I love my big brother soooo much!! Especially when he fat shames me, slaps my neck and tells me to go die.
More great refereeing in the West Brom vs Sunderland game....
My Saturday was going well until I realised it was Sunday # happy sun day # funny teen # church people # churches
I get so much ignored , i think my name is "terms & conditions " .. Isn't?  #Friend Zoned
I do love these Sunday lie ins. Today Charlie slept in until 6.30.
DAMN!! I haven't tweeted much lately.....my life is incomplete......  #Tweet Dorks Life
let's keep running the read option. It's worked all game and year for us.
Best feeling in the world when someone views your text and they don't text back.
McDavid is like Trudeau, hes just not ready  Woooo
Kohl is laughably untalented with his hands.....its not like that's part of the job description.... # as u football # b e r c has no help
Hey Paul Romanuk and Mike Johnson. Please, tell me more about McDavid. What time did he wake up today? # s t f u
Freaky aether (sp?) cave. Ya,....that's not creepy at all. # Haven
Things I've learned today: Winning game 1 of the NLCS pretty much guarantees you're winning the world series
Giving up on my dream of PSU beating OSU this year. Now focusing on making the PGA tour.
I would have thrown the ball to a wide open Barkley for an easy TD if I was Hackenberg on that 4th down play.
I would have kicked the FG since I know so much more than than the PSU coaches.
I'm crushed that I'll miss next Tuesday's home CBJ game.
I just LOVE feeling like shit 24/7....
Treon putting on a clinic in this final drive # g a t o r s # arm strength
Not sure what to think but do the # Cubs hit home runs? #C H Cvs N Y M
Brian Schottenheimer is such a good coach.
So glad we didn't go for it on 4th down.  #ISU#firerhoads
Matt Harvey batflip. He should be banned!
Just think, we are only 8months removed from arguing over the black/blue and white/gold dress.....those were fun times # face palm
Screen plays have worked so well for us over the years, so that play call makes sense.
Harvey needs to actually pitch like a man. Throw it straight down the middle like Lester ahead in the count pussy.
Let's have hours of sports talk radio dedicated to Matt Harvey's celebration. He showed up the hitter. He's a terrible person.
Good thing the Gators never fall for LSU trick plays!
Been saying it all night. #LSU's special teams is amazing!
How nice. A prom fundraiser for men who missed prom because they were in prison for murder/gang activity. # only in chic ago
Nice camera work on that can of corn to left field fox - looked like a third deck homer ball
How bad is TBS? I mean really great camera work there
My family is quickly being reminded why I don't watch my teams in playoff situations. # stress
Wait... No points for Janmark?? Heading back to Sweden??
Well I think I've seen enough....another Penn State Classic in Columbus. My compliments to Brian Gaia and Mike Gesicki. Great game
SoHo and Hell’s Kitchen. No one lives anywhere except those neighborhoods in NYC. #onlytvwantsyoutothinkso # seriously its expensive
This Penn State offense is well.. appealing.
Love that we can be mature about this
Yeah, Jeff Petry wasn't worth a multi-year deal!!  #Oiler Problems #Mac Tavishwasanidiot
I spent a lot of time telling 'knowledgeable Oiler fans' that Petry was a good player. I was always 'wrong' & can see I still am.
They should add more hills to the #Baltimore Running Festival Half. My thighs aren't QUITE sore enough. # b al t i more half marathon # run
Man I just can't describe how great typing that 2000 word essay was
Yeah, that's how you shoot a gun # p w movie
And yours was definitely wrong # great sister
Rioting in Ann Arbor. Where is the media? Where is the outcry against entitled college students? # bad behavior
is # wasted on the # n a r c i s s i s t i c . *le sigh*
My shoe is going to break at work and it's gonna be awesome
The power play should focus a little more on getting set up instead of attacking the penalty killers
Worried about Harvey. He needed 13 pitches that inning. That's 29 through 3. # Mets #LGM
Les Miles excitement after that flea flicker was intense
Is it just me or does the # ha w a i if b offense flow much better with Woolsey in? # lets go bows # no more wit t e k
This guy was doing some quick yoga in between sets, how unChristian of him
Schwarber just showed off that blazing speed in left right there
Harvey in the zone early. And he's throwing off speed to cubbies big hitters...whaaaa!? Off speed?? How smart of him
At Sens-Preds tonite. So glad I kept Kucherov over Mark Stone in my keeper league this year
Thanks Twitter Cropping Tool for keeping my attention on the torso. I have a long drive ahead of me, I don't need this.
I bought this laptop bc of its long # battery life . Thanks, # W i n d o w s 10 for taking that away from me. #IHate W i n d o w s 10
The center of a doughnut is 100% fat free :) # just saying
Gee! I wonder if that birthmark on her neck will be important anymore!  #Are You My Daughter
Yeah TCU is the #3 team in the country.
Everyone should be so jealous of my Saturday # when did life end
That's a dead quiet stadium in Georgia tonight.  #Technical Probs
I love how she texted back...
In reference to the Michigan-Michigan State game...shit. My Dad will be so pleasant to talk to this week.
Clearly you gotta fire Harbaugh #M S Uvs U M # ignorance
You have Elijah Hood. But let's throw every possession and see how that works #2 picks
Really glad Johnston practices 5 on 0 power plays. Really seems to be helping
Looked like targeting to me. # beat state
David price chokes in the postseason
After doing all of Brett's laundry I came to the conclusion that he doesn't own enough white v-necks.
Oh no! I missed # s c d # gutted
Gee, are they playing in Michigan?
Also, anyone see if Bautista flipped his glove after missing his cut man and the catcher? # respect the game
Thank god they are not reviewing if the field goal is good or not #U Mvs M S U
Right on time Gibby. Thanks again. #Blue Jsys
The # price is right? What? #M L B Playoffs #M L B Postseason #ALDS #A L C Son F S1 #ALCS2015
People who are obsessed with whether their bank facilitates Apple Pay... how did we ever survive before?! # f ads # sheep
Damn defense isn't giving the offense any rest....
So MSU gets a 3 yd personal foul call? That's awesome.
Haven't seen my owners in a couple of hours. Hope they are okay
With all the elite pay to play clubs we have in the USA we should win every u17 world cup, right?
In the minutes to come, we will see if my FanDuel pick Mitch Leidner comes through.
Another day of not doing shit. LOVE MY LIFE!!
Maybe it's my fault for not being like the typical folk my age smh....
How dare Laura Croft be attractive! Because I'm ugly and she offends me!
I just LOOOOVE how my husband is "tired of cleaning up after y'all folks" every time its his 1st time cleaning in months
Leaving a WR wide open ... That worked out well.
I would never act in such a way at a football game. I always keep my composure.
It's a good thing the NCAA chose an A+ officiating crew for such a big game. #M S Uvs M I C H
Ya know, I could get used to having replay after every play. #U Mvs M S U # hat ere play # let them play # game is 60 minutes
Hey guys, how's that OU game going?
Please, a toast for this people who know everything. They are awesome.
Dead ball? Are you sure umps? Maybe call a meeting...  #Blue Jays
Can't believe MSU just ran on 1st down.
Boo Danny Birch got eliminated during the no1 contenders battle royal.. nooo he was a total fave -_- # w we n x t
That thing where you say something so obviously ridiculous any 4-year-old would get it and someone replies with the hashtag . That.
Oh shit only 35 points at half? We better # f i r e b o b s t oops
I'd really love to know more about Tulo's glove. # lets move on #ALCS #Blue Jays
Don't worry everyone. Jeremy Hunt says that the new jnr doctor contract is a good thing so relax it will all be fine.
I hear the only place you're ever invited is outside, I'd like to help you out, which way did you come in?
Keep trying to lob it outside #Lane Kiffin Your offense obviously can't run it north & south today.  #Roll Tidr
This 10-7 Michigan-Michigan State game just doesn't have the same drama as a classic Big Ten match-up between Rutgers and Maryland.
Gophers a stable of uncoverable wide receivers and tight ends. Add that to their stud qb and we have no chance in the secondary.
Really glad we have intelligent refs on the field  #M S Uvs M I C H
Mortifying to see the lovely French take such a brutal caning. #NZLFRA
It's a shame what's happening to the French #RWC2015
Lol wow how uncharacteristic of ESPN to pick a big ten matchup got game day over one featuring two top 10 tens from the SEC.
Well this has started off well  #B A M Avs T A M U
Loving this newly revamped Aggies defense. Impressive! # not the wrecking crew
Gotta love that goal-line offense  #C U S Evs U V A
Oh I just love packing and moving
What a push by our offensive line! # C a n e s
Meaning of lol these days "Lack-Of-Laughter"
Wait, Ole Miss is overrated again and got way too much mileage out of that Bama win? Shocking
Hey! He turned his head! That's progress, isn't it? # K al u # H u s k e r s
I love Nebraska's secondary! They're so good!
MAN, REALLY WASN'T EXPECTING A SCREEN THERE!
Haven't heard. Is Backstrom in the lineup tonight?
Too bad this won't mean anything to Memphis since it's not a conference game.
Oh so that's what a full #BMO stadium looks like for soccer # room for 2 teams # Argos
And the term equality activist is in my bio, so i should definitely be outraged at the portrayal of an underprivileged culture.
Skirms, where everyone is bad but you # War craft
Grace not amused at her first waking up to make sure she's not concussed. What a fun night
"Ticket machine not in service." Well I'm glad I climbed over the station bridge before I found that out.
when your 4 year old congratulates you for not hitting another car or the wall when reversing # how bad is my driving # back seat driver
Great to see all the extra spectators in that 1.5m of space they took from the playing area. # f i v b # dumb rules #Euro Volley M
Let me tell you how excited I am that it is snowing. # c h e l s face is happening
Ole Miss is really good and Florida deserved to bolt into the top 10 for beating them.
Why insult someone? When u can say something nice in a very sarcastic tone ...  forlife A.F
Inside the model of efficiency known as O'Hare International Airport.
Hooray for the constant coughing that cold weather brings about. # Not #Asthmatic Problems
busy day in DG...Nicholas Sparks is at the Tivoli... oh, shoot I'm a # sat u r day librarian and I guess I have to miss it.
Why wear a coat when you can wear three Nike jackets?
Is it just me who thinks Mertesaker is slow
Yeah. He can't score but who needs a QB who can score?
Deboning chicken breasts. Most fun thing ever
life's so great when you argue with the one you love
Behind every sarcastic guy there is an ex girlfriend. #Break Up After Effects  forlife
Why aren't they punting here???  #K Ufball
I had take-out from pizza place tonight. I'm pretty certain the staff didn't know I was gay. Perhaps I need to try harder..
That's was only the second penalty of the game. A lot like last year's BU-WVU tilt. # hash tag #Sic Em
Some incredible 3rd Down play calling # P u r due
Time to Play "How Much Can I Clean in 2 Hours" YAYYYY
Alex Cuthbert costs W al es the win. I'm shocked # W al #RSA #RWC2015
So apparently we’re all invited to the party the pissed football fans are having on the train. Good times.
HEYYY WE GOT 1 GB OUT OF 18 GB !!!!!! Making progress !
I look forward to Saturday mornings at home. Even cleaning up the mess from a backed up kitchen drain line. # at least it was food
I guess it was ALL Yoshida fault! # cheap argument # boring # s a i n t s f c
When If Asked : "Where Does His 0r Her Talent End?" I Would Reply : "I Haven't Even Seen The Start Yet" Jokes Joke
lmao it's not body shaming if you're making fun of skinny people!!!!
Steinmeier asks Rouhani to use Iran's influence on Assad? I suppose he also brought up the issue of human rights.
Two major market big chitty teams in the NLCS. I can hardly wait for the media slobber fest. # G a g #Still Go Mets # Gross
well done Everton Howard would be so happy with this
Look at the brighter side. Ppl now prefer chicken over ghar ki dal. real # a c h he din
Pep worst manager ever. Plays players out of position and always using different lineups. # m l s logic
Lol.... Good for you.. Some people just have it all together. # sub t we et
No goals conceded in 1st half hope it doesn't go to their heads # progress
UIL and HOCO on the same day what couldn't be better?!
Sakho is Rubbish. Sakho can't pass the ball. Sakho is the new Traore. Yeah. #LFC
I'm so glad we sold De Bruyne how dare he not track back #CFC
Wow. Herrera starts, has a goal, and #MUFC are winning? Never expected that result...  #EVEMUN
Love working on a Saturday and missing all the rugby matches
And now we're all trading goats, instead .. .. .. lol .. .. .. # news flash
Never seen such a back slapping and ego stroking party than the SNP. "Aren't they pure dead brilliant?" #SNP15
I love how people are all for free speech until it's something they don't believe in
Chick-fil-A on University is the model of efficiency. # see last t we et
Khloe & Lamar marathon is on all day, what a coincidence
So who's fault was it we didn't win? Allen and who else?
I think the ref deserved the MOTM
Pansexual? U couldnt have said bisexual? Ma kenet 3aref fi fo2 l 10 sexes on this planet u know
so nice seeing something thats ruined my life & makes every minute of it hell turned into a competition & game # against skinny 4 x m as
Hubby loving Glenn Hoddle's psychic ability.....  #TOTLIV
Have Liverpool got a new manager then? WOW there's been nothing said in the media!
Hugh Bladen is being very unbiased in his commentary today! #L I Ov C H E #Currie Cup
Thanks Glenn Hoddle for your vote of confidence in the Liverpool subs.........Git #TOTLIV
This game is brilliant and a great advertisement for the premier league
What’s going off out there? Pakistani bowlers using delaying tactics? Such a thing has never been seen before.  #E N Gv P A K
Studying, sleeping and gaming..how exciting is my life # dull # b p d problems
Liverpool need to get any kind of a result as long as it's not a loss.......that'll be a win or a draw then...... #TOTLIV # b t sport
Nothing hotter than a woman horking a big ass loogie into a garbage can at the mall.  #No Class
Dear elder bros n sis u hav bin teasin me 4 watchn Cartoon. M quite happy to see u addicted to their transfmrd movies n TV series
Twitter. 140 letters too much for an actor. # first t we et
If you don't take a selfie video in your tree stand did you really even hunt?
I can't stop watching contouring videos. How do they relax after?I'd be so nervous it would rub off a part and show my real skin.
Let me just say noon kickoffs are the most optimal time to have a football game. #E C U Homecoming
There's no better feeling than going to bed at night and not having to set an alarm for tomorrow morning ..
Kids parties rock. Especially when you're not well. # loud noises
Turtle Net? More fun in the Philippines. Thank you globe.
That Germany bought the WC 2006 would at least explain the awful mascots. There was no money left! #FIFA # world cup 2006
K loop will develop and play the youth. Puts youth players on the bench: OMG LOL LOSERPOOL. Fans are so smart it hurts #LFC # K loop
we ignore the ones we love. #Six Words of
Psyched for my 3 hour lay over at O'Hare international airport lol
You know it's gonna be a great day when you were up till 2 doing hw you didn't know about and now you're up for work. # tired a f
They worked so hard on it, all we had to do was to wait...  -C
Just love being chewed out by an MD.. # nurse life RT TheSarcasticRNs RT StudentDebtGuy RT StudentDebtGuy RT StudentDebtGuy RT Stude…
Just ducked out to the shops. Good to see everyone's favourite "face off" is back for the derbies.  #M V Cv M C Y
Just love being chewed out by an MD.. # nurse life RT TheSarcasticRNs RT StudentDebtGuy RT StudentDebtGuy RT StudentDebtGuy
Just love being chewed out by an MD.. # nurse life RT TheSarcasticRNs RT StudentDebtGuy RT StudentDebtGuy
Just love being chewed out by an MD.. # nurse life RT TheSarcasticRNs RT StudentDebtGuy
Glad Sky are reminding me every five mins of the ABs tomorrow, while I'm watching the Lions game, or I wouldn't know ....
Just love being chewed out by an MD.. # nurse life RT TheSarcasticRNs
Just love being chewed out by an MD.. # nurse life
Please keep yelling at me stories about YOU, when we're talking about the welfare of a kid. I love it, it's great.
Waiting for my cordial epidural at the hospital. Let it not be said i don't party hard
Yay. I love roller coasters. ? # no o o o o o o .
Love being up this early woo
When u are surrounded by idiots and u r supposed to talk with them, walk with them.
Colleague: do u smoke? Me: no. (Thinking this convo is over) Colleague: why? Me: don't need any tar in my body, it's already flat!
There are two types of people: 1) who don't even understand a simple joke. 2) who take to a whole new level. # l ol
When people show off in front of u and in mind u don't even care and make a shitty face  #Thug Life
Where is the grass? #1980s In4 Words  #Sarcastic Man Child
Somewhere between "scooby-dooby dooby doo, where are you!" and "aaj jaane ki zidd naa karo", we grew up!  #Growing Up
Ah, voiceovers. Always a mark for a good movie. # g en is ys
#TOTD Grass is greener where u water it # p h i lo sop h i e
Sushi & fun company, followed by drinks & fireworks! Such a great ending to crappy week! # i need a vacation
I should go to sleep... but Id rather stay up forever and be exhausted all my life # insomnia # happiest life
I love being somewhere I don't want to be
I love when people drop six point bucks. # let the beast grow
Watching people cheat is always my favorite thing. I love it
You take away those 8 turnovers and we are right in this game
You know what I love about public transport? All the people that come with it! -_-
So since no one is sayin anything...did the Royals win?
Super excited that I don't have a day off from both jobs until next Friday and Saturday  #The Bags Under My Eyes Are Money Bags
Most people at casino Regina look stable
Turned in a paper at 11:54 p.m. Thank God I don't procrastinate anymore.  #So Tired
#National Boss Day has resulted in me working 38 of the last 48 hours because my employees know how much I love it here # i need sleep
A layman attempting to explain what is currently confounding professional astronomers. # do go on #Its Clear To Me Now # please stop
ALL OF US SLEEPING AT THE HOSPITAL TONIGHT, ABOUT TO GET COMFORTABLE.
I just love when people ig no re me # no
RogersArena just electrified from this Dorsett fight !  . its like a movie theatre at Rogers .. shhhhhhh be quiet , watching hockey
Second leg of the # bourbon chase in an hour. Super excited
Why are we using Hoch here, save him to start game 4.........
Shoot and I thought we'd sweep the Royals..... #Come Together #Blue Jays
Also some people are probably getting a wonderful first impression of the nation's capital right now
I think Josh Donaldson really likes playing in Kauffman Stadium  #Take The Crown
And because I am so glad, I deleted all my songs.
Do you ever see things on twitter and want to reply to them by saying "are you a fucking idiot"? No, me either
Yay, I get to sleep in til 7:30am tomorrow!
I'm shocked Parayko broke the glass. # s t l blues
Thanks Wal-Mart for having my pain medication ready.
Made only 208 flashcards for my Spanish test on Monday. I'm not worried.
Today, I am the family's driver. Being in the car for so long is fun :D
#Metal Gear Online is so much fun with all the lag and random black screens instead of getting into a match
#MLB needs to apologize to the #Blue Jays that they are striking out. Toronto should never strike out! # arrogance # R o y a l s # V o l q u e z
My favorite thing is being lied to
Must be a lot of Canadians at this jays vs Kansas game. # c r o w d c s n t catch
Jays know the strike zone better than ump huh?  #Take The Crown
Hooray for construction upstairs! They're definitely not noisy! Nope! Not noisy at all!
LOST TO THE KNICKS? 20 wins for the Celtics this season.... .
Love having my phone tap by cops
I wonder what it's like, being a Blue Jays fan, your team not even showing up to a playoff game.
Bautista seems like a really nice guy....  #Take The Crown
The # L e a f s got their first win of the season, defeating Columbus 6-3! They'll be at the top of the Eastern conference in no time!
I've lost 10 pounds since starting college. Yay stress and anxiety
It would be safe to say that my  doesn't come through with twitter, haha.
My wife walks into the rehearsal dinner, surveys the crowd and says, "I don't think my hair is big enough." # f lo hr wed din
Did something happen with Jonny Manziel? What's going on? .
Wait where did Lamar have a drug overdose? I don't think I've heard of where it happened.
I like how you lie to me
I love the way you get double teamed by Mega Man and Sonic before the other 2... #The Salt #The F I N A L Final Battle
Can't wait for the inevitable "Baertschi has really turned his game around since Coach Willie scratched him!"
Yay! The GW bridge on a Friday night. This oughta be a blast!
Yes, Fox. Nothing says exciting football quite like Texas Tech and Kansas.
Now If I label #Malia Obama as a slut & a drunk, I'm racist ,right? # doubles t and a r d s # teenagers
Nothing like having your car break down and AAA say they will be there in 2 hours to round out this fantastic week
Many thanks to the Prattville Lions Club for screwing up my Friday night with my 9 y/o son.
Great start to the 2nd Quarter. # B o m b e r s
That explains why most of your best friends are males because in a heartbeat you will backstab a female over a guy (*courteous*.)
you know you have a fun life when you get legitimately excited about figuring out how to roll the silverware tighter at work.
Does anyone know if the Royals play tonight?  #Take The Crown
Thanks for responding! You are so sweet!
I think my life would just end immediately if they stopped puttin out personal information & pics of celebs its an essential need
My whole snapchat bout to be the whole Florida Georgia line concert.... # cool
Someone accused me of being a homer! OH NO! That's such an insult!!
Third wheeling is so much fun
That's what I call great service # Nice #Were Not Happy Till Youre Not Happy
I can't help but laugh every time I get asked "so do you believe in alcohol?" My answer: Nah it's fake, I think it's a myth
Nice. The smell of weed on the bus. Nice.
Glad I paid attention to the weather when I got dressed today. Thankful for choosing a black tank under my white t. # am and a problems
Me: Why does The Lego Movie vinyl cost more than Pitch Perfect 2? Brother: Cuz everything is awesome on the vinyl... # my brother
I love being by myself on a friday night. Its perfect.
Besides the fact that I am burdened with a lot of projects due on Monday, it's a pretty good morning.
Social Media Marketers: I don't need anymore hits, but feel free to follow me if you would like ;)
I love closing the lot every Saturday... Especially Halloween! Just LOVE how I'm scheduled!  #Changing Availibility
Washburns snapchat makes me so proud of my fellow classmates. Buncha pot smokers and perverts. # so proud
Its nice to feel like you're less then others isnt it?
Nesterov gets 2 games suspension for boarding Curtis McKenzie. The #NHL Board of Safety. Trailblazers!
My ceaseless singledom means that I'm destined to become famous and wife up a ridiculously handsome male celeb, right? #single A F ?
Off to a wonderful start to fall break!
So glad we live in a world where rich Americans & Germans pay 2 hunt #Wild Animals 4 fun but Zimbabweans go 2 jail 4 hunting food¿
Friday!! Nice day of errands and now a night of homework! # rock star # forgot to get milk darn it #maybeillwatchtvawhilebeforehomework
Whoa! You mean somebody at Fox News actually told a lie? *gasp*
This night keeps getting better and better
What a way to end Friday....  InSixWords
Oh # l i r r how I love thee... # no real reason to be late
Today has been a fantastic day
This dude roasted me on YouTube. I don't know he might have a chance in the YouTube business
Yes I LOVE driving 7mph in a 55mph zone-- it's breaking the rules and I'm a REBEL!  #thingsisaywhilestuckintraffic
I like how I can get only about half way through a french braid before my arms get tired # not really
I love craft fair weekend. Especially the traffic.
You know whats fun? The end of the quarter.  #Teacher Tweets
I'm about to make a GREAT first impression on the Grove City LA Fitness employees
"This is so unacceptable. I am beyond upset." Oh NO now I'm going to cry all the way home! # not really #Customer Service
# A n a l o g i e s # E s o t e r i c # Knowledge # P e r s p e c t i v e & # M o t i v e s . Do Some Homework. Meet and Know # E s o t e r i c Wisdom # show and tell
Shannon is in Paris and I'm working. Obviously would rather be working??
obama, the saviour of the middle east and epic diplomat to abbas and bibi: ITS ALL YOUR FAULT # problem solving
I love having to smog my car for registration renewal!  #Welcome To California
Oh wow she holds out till the second date.... That's class # d r p h i l
You're in luck! # live t we et in g from an I-80 eastbound traffic jam! # joy
Damn can not swipe to get to the hub any more... So sad. Makes me want The Shiv so much more~  #Buttons Are For Grandmas
Oh this day keeps on getting better and better.  #Over Today
Oh wow! I just showed up in a search! Does that mean I'm a real person now? Thanks Twitter!
You'd think Hollywood would try new things right?
cant :) go :) to :) homecoming :) dance :) because :) i :) have :) symptoms :) of :) seizures :) isnt :) this :) freaking :) great
I cant find a picture quote that fits my mood # first world problems
In the battle between sleep and study the internet always wins! # re post
Apparently I have a burst pipe under my floorboards upstairs, possibly caused by my OH. Chuffed to bits.
Love a Friday nightshift, also looking forward to not going to bed and going to football with the boy at 10 instead
Well that nap did nothing to improve my mood, hooray!
I love when all my professors give exams the day after homecoming weekend
Coughing so hard you think you might throw up is a really cool thing to have happen on your college campus during events
Laughing at your own texts before you send them because you’re so damn funny . # funny
"Jesus never claimed to not be a platypus either. Doesn't mean he was." # pro f quotes # seminary
Thanks for recognizing the Islamic New Year, Qatar… I really enjoyed having a day off!
MLB is clearly conspiring against KC since Blue Jays have had about 4 more hours of rest than the Royals since the ALDS.
I wish could be more easily conveyed over tweets, I'd likely have a lot more to say. # T wit t e r # T w e e t s
Still at work on a Friday evening. Does life get any better?
Queuing at the wrong queue to board a plane is priceless
Let's be honest: Conservative's have ALWAYS known how women should dress. # e l x n 42
For the first time ever, I've had my profile picture for a year now. # Face book # profile picture # didn t change it # milestone # l ol
on my last tweet. I should lock myself in my room and throw away my phone. It might help.
Stuck in airports all day - flying is so much fun! # living the dream
Wow, Leafs are now moving to #City T V tomorrow night? # world is shattered #HNIC #T M L Talk
You're a grown woman and think it's ok to talk shit about an 18year old? # mother of the year
I the car with my grandad and his driving is wonderful..
Fall.. The only season you see people dressed for Summer & Winter at the same time!
Overtime, on a Friday night, yay...
I don't always drive 7 hrs for a #CX race, but before I do, I like to pregame by watching these # red bull rampage sissies. # sick os
RT aaronashton77 Russia,Syria & Iran are gonna regret years of strong arm rule over more of the worlds energy resources!  Outnumbere…
What a great elder brother you are
As a Nevadan I must say thank you, Big Brother, for protecting me from DFS sites. #DFS # free country
I never get tired of seeing obnoxious Kobe-before-the-rest-of-the-world Lakers fans.
I love it when people feel the need to tell me how I should feel. It's less work I have to do.
Yes, thanks brain. Panic attacks induced by PTSD flashbacks are just what I needed today.
I love having somebody so far up my butt they can smell what I had for dinner last night constantly!
Let's all put depressing post on Twitter about our past high school relationships that are very overdramatic! # join the club
Someone at the light rolled down the window to tell me they like the way I drive. ???
Gearing up for a really horrible weekend, yay!
I think LMGs and sniper rifles negatively impact game flow, can you remove those too? #B O3 Fridays
You know, it's great to wake up to your roommate's low battery alarm at ONE THIRTY PM AND HE'S NOT THERE TO TAKE CARE OF IT ( )
"I Mean It" by G-Eazy is a great song for the children. It teaches our next generation to be people of their word...
#Note To Self, random # students dont like it when you make fun of them, or use , in front of a large group of people.
Spotty WiFi on the VIA rocks my socks.
Obviously Israel just needs more knife control laws to solve their problems.
Oh, # go o g le books only makes 90% of the book available in snippet searches? Well, that must be okay then. # copy right
Shout out to all the celebs not having to make an effort to get exclusive/ limited sneakers...we appreciate you
Breaking news! # Hillary Clinton likes to whine and scream in the political campaign trail! # whine r # whine about it
Officially at 10 followers! I have now mastered twitter! #twitter Famous
Prediction for 2016 .. Jaguars "at" Texans in Mexico City Texans "at" Jaguars in London
Gong xi fa chai...do share ur happiness with others
Now I sound like I'm whining about having a job, clothes to wear, etc. Man. # first world problems
Such a happy day, 4h discussing bayoneting, dealing with death on Dr Who and now reading about warlord politics in Africa. # oh joy
It's not at all weird that someone tweets to themselves from another account.
Ok. Headache and Pijama Party of my Girl=Awesome combination, NOT  #Pijama Party
Iambic. Trochaic. Anapestic. Dactylic. Love finding the poetic feet.
I dont tweet a lot but when i do its a passive agressive post about someone im following loool
Its hard to find an English person in London # l on don
It's my Monday and it's off to a fucking wonderful start.
Cellino doing an absolutely fantastic job as usual  #Get Him Out Of My Club #Absolutely Mental
I look fantastic!  never looked worse. 8am class.
Great way to start my morning, just great
Oh yes, I loooooovvve it when celebrities have to use Taylor to garner publicity for their music.
Nothing makes me feel more excited than the prospect of running a half marathon during snowfall in October
It's #National Boss Day and I'm on vacation. Oh darn.
so excited to go all the way to st gen on a bus tonight
Missing someone who actually gets my and # s h e n a n i g a n s .
I really hope that the Mets beat the Cubs because the Mets haven't won a World Series in nearly 30 years. # ml b
Love passive-aggressiveness in the workplace! Ranks right up there with blatant stupidity for me.
Shan Masood got out on a bouncer on THIS pitch!!!!!!! He should be like banned from the team after this effort. #pun Intended
$ZFGN Now who could have possibly seen that coming?
She1: oh! what are you wearing!! She2: what are you wearing?? # pot shots
Fixing errors in CKEditor plugins is the best thing ever
I've flown my share over the years, but I have never seen MSP airport as busy as it was this morning,. As efficient as usual.
# afghan # m s f maybe we can bomb an # orphanage next, they are little pre # terrorists # military # lies # shut up # i t m # m s m # madness
This week is fantasic. Like...great. Like omg woah! AWESOME.
Just when you think you get sorted and big pile of shit lands on your doorstep # b ol locks # glad to be home
I'm so happy that all my ideas for anything come at 4 in the morning. # what is wrong with me
Apparently #WSW supporters do the poznan # never knew that #A D Lv W S W
I have the #Unique Talent of making people #LOL with my brand of # B r e v ity & # W it , when the last thing they want to do is Cheer up
Does tweeting about current events make me sound more smarterer
And I am happy all over again!!! It's weekend and that's what everyone wantsssssss # weekend # thug life starts
This day is just getting better and better # f ml
School and work should be totes enjoyable tomorrow. # never
I gotta tell u # apple fans, that lightening cable position on new magic mouse is phenomenal. Couldn't get any better.
Whoever thought microwaving dipping sauce in a TV dinner for 6 minutes was a good idea is a freak'n genius!
It's so nice to work with 15 ºC
And Throw lamps at people who need to lighten up! # start up # ideas # speak to impress
pffttttt sure, this song is SO haylor, pfftttt....like, noah, not larry at all
I hate you one direction. # but no seriously # perfect has killed me
And I Think It Causes Me To Have Weird Dreams. I Dreamed That I Woke Up & Had Twitter Mentions. Funny, Right?! I Have Mentions...
It's been like 30 years since the last time I curled it.
Who knew goodbyes would be so fun?
Germany wants to reintroduce illegal mass surveilance. Luckily all German run around naked so they have nothing to hide. #Stop V D S
How to squeeze so many info into a small screen. # work for client # mobile design #UIUX
Nothing I'd rather be doing right now. Sitting at my desk on this sunny Friday afternoon. # weekend # work
Spanish tax system online. Always fun. Every 3 months.
"Yea, nothing wrong with ASG voting.  #X Man For A S G"
S/O to Cassie for tolerating a costumer that called me stupid. Some people just don't understand I'm incapable of doing my job
This day... no this whole week is getting better and better
, Because beating the crap out of people is illegal
Today my phone was off for about four hours and the world didn't end. I let the battery die. :) # f b
Victory formation at the half. Jinxing yourself Stanford.
Watched the play and saw the UCLA WR lead with his shoulder and hit the Stanford player in the chest, so clearly targeting
So Nashville...are there any places to hear live bands?!
oh yay. if this; then that spam. i love that just as much as i love "subscribe now" pop ups on web pages. # not # hate pop ups
Well I'm so glad I wasn't at all hungry after that long shift tonight # a c t u a l l y i m starving why didn't anyone leave me food!
I love small talk because I get to reiterate to everyone that I'm doing nothing with my life. It's a great reminder :)
Well this is just so much fun...  #U C L Avs S T A N
"That's gay and you're gay for liking that" lol best logic ever
Good thing the # Mets are going to save Harvey for the future! # don t b ridiculous
I'm so glad Mark Ingram and Julio Jones could share a moment after the game. # bar f # w h o d at oh......and #War Eagle
I love how completely biased wgems sports anchors are.  #Fly The W
congrats, Mets. what a wonderful end to an already wonderful day...
Another outstanding job by Mattingly in the playoffs.
Famila jumps all around after his final strike out, classless please respect the game and act like you've been there before
Don't you love being judged based upon one thing. Me too.
I can't believe you guys all just watched a baseball game over this awesome game.
Oh bummer, the Dodgers are out of it.
Taylor Hall scored. How dare he score. He should of clearly passed it.
I love watching pitchers try to hit.
Ah! The genius of Terry Collins.  #LGM
Welcome back Atlanta sports teams. We never thought you'd go back to losing big games.
The respect Palestinians show Jewish Holy Sites is very impressive  #Israeli Lives Matter
Yeah Stanford is up 14-3 but getting crushed in time of possession!
I understand that you need to consume a gallon of water at any point in your day and that's why you carry that huge huge around.
When kickers out score qbs in fantasy, it makes me laugh. They're so much more valuable in the actual game anyways #PPR
And a big thank you DWAnimation for blowing up my twitter feed with King Julien stuff
It's gonna be tough to make it to the national championship now, but there still a chance. # Auburn
This Ben Watson guy is pretty good, maybe the Pats could get him as a compliment for Gronk
So who else, other than myself, likes being ignored ? I know I sure do!.
My favorite thing about the fair is seeing like 12 year old's in strollers
I definitely believe emails I get from "Award Headquarters" are legit. How could it NOT be?!
I fucking love EIB training it is sooooo fun.
I gotta give credit where credit is due,Duda has found a way to strike out pretty much every at bat,thats hard to do # catch some pine
Oh look a New Day vs Dudley Boyz match ends in a DQ what a shocker  #Smack Down
Nice defensive call Rob Ryan.  #A T Lvs N O
Who is this Price character? Could win some awards one day #M V Price # H a b s #NHL
i love being me. i feel so lucky and blessed all the time. i want to born as myself again. but, at Canada. Lol.
See, that Purcell should have stayed on the first line. Am I right ?
This game is in the bag! Congrats # Dodgers ! # no jinx intended #S F Giants
Wow good thing we fired our head coach
Fitz c al led Liv an idiot. ABUSE! ABUSE! #Fitz Haters # S c and al
Oh American Super Guy JJ Watt just ran like 12 feet with a fan who's training for a marathon! What a guy! I misty cheer for him!
Wish there was a good political debate on tv tonight. Not any good sporting events on.
Can #C B S Sports show a little more favoritism for the # A i n t s ? #Rise Up
Dude, the # Saints better not replace the Gleason statue just because Mauti also scored the TD!
The next cliche uttered by Cal Ripken JR. will be the first.
Tejada would have made that play.
I didn't need a nasty hand rail on Bart today; I had multiple people propping me up on all sides. I got to keep my hands clean.
Crosby/malkin/hornqvist/letang/kessel on a powerplay...it looked good...who would have thought # pens
I like to get dressed up for nothing.....'
Best mom award goes to mine
I love getting out to my car and realizing I left something important in my classroom.
# H a b s called for diving. What a surprise. #Bruins Fam
I find it hard to believe 75% of Marketers Are Using Influencer Marketing
Hold on a second Malkin just scored. We're going to win the cup now. Can't you just feel it?
And THE BB&T Center is packed as usual.  #B U Fvs F L A
Love h ow fellow # A u s t i n i t e s are so down wit h # h and s free at x !
Yes. Let's not tell Kaylee anything. Let her find out on her own. She LOVES that # frustrated
Rupert Murdoch's # sky papers excretes three Tory idiots? Just for a change... !!!
Great. It's going to be a long night.
Great to see that the fans in Washington showed up to the game.
Love unloading groceries in a rain storm.
Apparently it's a-ok to take up more than half a seat on a FULL BUS. People these days are so considerate. # move your ass
Fever O.o Maybe coz i had chicken during navratri! XD  indian :v
I'm also gonna memorise Drunk in Love because # o mg so much #SOUL
Yes because I love having a dorito stuck in my throat
Cook dinner? Fold laundry? Clean house? # relaxation #Fall Break
Just took me 25 mins to get from G/S metro sta to dntwn Kensington. Can't wait until they bld White Flint. Yay MoCo "planning."
Fox news caught in a lie? Nonsense, they have complete journalistic integrity. #Fox News
Heyyyyy thanks for stopping short at that light...my dog appreciated getting to know my car a little better
The new guard rail in Smithton makes the town 10000 times better.
Wow, imagine that, updating your Wordpress and plugins makes your website load faster # b l o g m a i n t e n a n c e
Gosh, Ben Carson is so stupid. I mean he thinks he's so smart. It's not like he's a brain surgeon. Oh wait....
The # bullshit level has risen to the point that the only defense I have left is copious amounts of biting . You've been warned.
I feel so secure knowing that my nearest garda is 20 minutes up the road!! '  1 car servicing an area from Ballinrobe to Charlestown!
Goodbye Aisha. You will be missed  #The Apprentice
A great story is a collection of the right moments. # am writing # so simple
I love when people ignore you when you ask them to do something.
Cynical and sarcastic, I don't trust a combination THAT perfect # you stupid p le b
She wrote "how do you know?" whenever I start talking about landscape, culture of the world I created. Hm, not sure how I know
What we really need is another crime drama. # River # U n forgotten #From Darkness
Can today get any better ? lolol
Nice leadership style their. Great way to inspire some trust in her team #The Apprentice
Wow thanks for the hate bc I totally deserve it
Computers are ruining all of our lives! # i al i b 15
Xur prediction: Graviton Forfeit. That way everyone can abuse the Shadowshot glitch. # oh happy day
So glad I have a meeting to go to instead heading for an afternoon hunt! # de t roi t buck club #DBC # maybe f rid a y
Hello RJ, could you please shut your mouth and play the music? #FM # Radio #RJ
H&M is like Mr Price or Cotton On in Europe . Exploitation of an Emerging market once again . Can't wait for Starbucks and Dunkin
It's so weird, not one person is telling us they hope the Dodgers win tonight.
can't wait for Joe Buck to call the game tomorrow!
RT legionzero: I love doing not-work work at work # Management
Didn't see that coming. Nope. Not at all. # Arrow
So because only one person is off Saturday I can't be off that day either??? That's makes so much sense # s u c k s
Aprntly marriag/kids are to be limited to our convenience and ideal retirement age. # en lightened # train them up # psalm 127 # topic t os p k
I love doing not-work work at work # Management
There are practically no open positions in my field in my hometown. awesome.
That pop quiz I wasn't prepared for made my day 10 times better. # h a p p y t h u r s day
But yeah, continuing US military presence in # Afghan is tan will totally be worth billions of our tax $, more death, & more hatred.
shoutout 2 people plus 4 how many letters they can put into a envelope and also making me go in every day in 2 weeks time. Wahoo.
just walked passed a group of girls and they all got mad quiet... It's like they've never seen an angel before # h m mm lol
Its that day of the week again!!! Up at 7am, and dont get off work til 4am!! Then gotta wake up at 8am Friday! Yayyy!!!!!!!!!
Note how #Hillary Clinton, as #Obama's #Secretary Of State, did so much to make # world better place. .
Long day today, # lectures all day from 10 am to 8 pm. #Thursday Fun Day
Ahs is so inspiring...I never knew that killing people would make life that easy  but it actually would
And, don't worry, I'm not missing work or anything! # annoyed
: " # start your own # school , buy a # F ranch is e " what is "own school " doing with franchise" # education # en t re p re ne u r # e du coach # e d chat
The majority (50%) of people receiving welfare benefits are WHITE. Outrage. #White Privilege # irony
So glad the boiler man just arrived its so late it's not like I could have done anything with my day
so.. the power is goin all goofy in my school. this is just great
Broke ass Honda Civic owners with loud music, you're all so freaking cool
#Dance Bars seems anywhere people dance with their body adulterated with alcohol,was that banned till now, seems tricky question!!!!
Working with menopausal women is great. ( ) My office is always -30.
£80 for a new charger thanks Apple
Every once in a while the smell from the hockey players wafts up here and it's glorious.
We'll just all trade goats .. .. wtf is money anyways .. .. .. ?
don't you just love answering to someone and they're not listening AT ALL!
Airports are the greatest!  #Susiein Seattle #B H M Airport
I love when the person in front of me smells like smoke, you people are the best.
I love my snaggle fangs that's why sometimes I try to hide it from everyone.
Yay I get to go the ER
I'm # fashioned for # passion .. #Im passion ed enthusiasm and ..
Planning a wedding is great! I recommend everyone does it! # juste lope
Lmao still have no way to or back from Taylor Swift's concert in two days # i just love my life # so damn much
Suppo s edly, # s ander s won debate bc of internet & s ocial media trending. Right, tho s e are the ppl who vote. Hip young folk s # g o t v
Trudeau really projecting his voice from the diaphragm. An essential quality for any budding actor. Drama background paying off.
My favourite part of launching an app is waiting for it to pass through the review process… # not # hurry up apple
SO NOT STRESSED OUT AT ALL.
If # n j devils execs/mgmt would just read the comment section of # fire and ice blog the season would be turned around early!
Did Rangers/Blue Jays save baseball???? # Post season
Bo Ryan complimenting the genius who opted to take 5 seconds off the shot clock to see scoring increase by 1 pt in NIT last year.
Some books were better as trees. # irony # books # reading #e books # fun
#13 year old # Teen age r 'Please may you stop abusing your tyrannical powers for evil and turn my internet back on'. A message from son
You know what's not annoying at all? The guy testing ALL of his ringtones out on the train.  #Modern Problems
Excuse me, if you don't know anything about speaking in English (as your second language) I think you should stop there. Thanks.
maximum cheekiness: *yells at donut shop server* THEY HAVENT FIRED YOU YET?? overload
I love it when my waiver picks get taken before my turn.  #Fantasy Football Problems
Thank god I wasn't sleeping or else my mom would've woke me up with all the noise she's making
I went out just now and randomly purchased a #nintendo3 D S because I'm not busy with assignments, exams and prep # new toy
I'd do anything for a perfect body, except work out and eat less. # me
Who's daisy dean? Oh right she's that girl who fucks niggas in the computer lab...
When you woke up at 3am and can't get back to sleep...yep, gonna be a great day.
Ban on Dance Bars removed and Court orders to reopen The Dance Bars in Maharashtra . Ab aaye Ache Din Desh Me  .
why am i so productive today? :-----------)
So what are your plans today? For me its working hard and hoping the muscle ache in my chest will calm down :') Working out is funn
Can I put on my LinkedIn that I know all the words to Nicki Minaj's Anaconda? # but seriously t h o
I wonder what wonderful things today will bring
Random dick pics are always nice
Goooodmorning # daily # traffic jam # Belgium . Always a pleasure to see you again.
Woke up at 6:30 to grab a drink now I'm wide awake doing research! Awesome.. Not tired at all
I see Chris Bailey is earning his vast riches at Burberry.
# C y n i c i s m , comes with # experience . , comes with # knowledge . Those lacking one trait has either not lived or is not well read.
Have to love college homework  night
I'm still here and still online dating! Don't you wish you were me? # miss you guys # work is insane
Hey guys I love being sick!!!
My kid loves me so much that he can't wait until morning to see me, so we have to snuggle & watch cartoons at midnight # blessed
How do Ninja Turtles respond to getting hacked at with axes..? # only way to grow up
When in doubt smart ass it out # always works
'How beef politics and chaos improve hospitality industry in UP' - an analysis by Thumper, coming soon! #Beef Politics
Not hing like being stressed out, sleep deprived, and having to finish a 10 page paper to make your night wonderful.... #Turn Up # Not
Can't wait for naruto tomorrow # dreams 4 days
It's a terrible day when we trade in our love for ambition for humanity.
Typical #Debbie Wasserman Schultz reply when questioned about DNC's lack of diversity. The equivalent of "Nuh-uhhhhhh". Brilliant.
Oh no It's raining outside. I should go update and alert all my friends on Facebook who apparently don't own a window.
I can't wait for this gym workout after my 8hr shift...
Jake Carlisle must be a top notch, quality bloke! # whore #A F L Trades Not to mention #Hawks Elastic Salary Cap # a f l
So many negative people about # A v a l a n c he . Has anyone considered that maybe the plan is to get another top 3 draft pick... Again.
Wow... what a debut for Nia Jax!  #NXT
They said, whatever you are doing, post on t wit t e r , i am unwell, what t wit t e r can do? # t wit t e r
I love how my TA does her review sessions AFTER the exam. That's so helpful. # why
I love sleeping on my parents couch,it's like my 2nd bed
"Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse." -- Thomas Szasz # quote # wisdom # ethics # ethical # excuses
Super excited that I'll continue to be stuck listening to # R o y a l s fans tell me how great their team is...
Mr March is SUCH a nice person #A H S Hotel
Thanks Keuchel. You always ruin everything. We'd be better off without you. # As t r os
Going out on a major limb here, but I'm predicting a team with blue as their primary color will win the World Series #Post Season
Cause there's no other creepy shit in this hotel # d at check in
I've never visited your website before in my life, but yes, just because of that pop-up, I *will* sign up for your newsletter!
The convo about the "only" $300 per month I owe brought on a # panic attack - just what I needed before getting ready for work.
Yes, Tye Waller was the root of Oakland's problems. Now that he's gone, quality baseball can return. What a day in Oakland.
OMG the Minnesota Lynx won the WNBA title! WOOO-HOOO!
My fave audio slates are when the audio is off.
Oh nooooo...all 17 players yelling at David Ousted for his mistake. #Not Cool  #VWFC
No Joe! Your current girlfriend would love for you to keep in contact with your ex! #Couples Therapy
I can't tell. Did the Blue Jays win?
D1 coaches watching HS intra-squads last 2 nights! Almost fell out of press box! Only thought they recruited the "elite?" # w i e r d
By the way....windows OS is awesome!
For example the way she dealt with sanders dismissing her email controversy was a lesson in difficulty. . The debate was a joke
I just realized, PChem exam 2 and genetics exam 2 fall on the same day. # Fun
I don't think that's a ground rule double. I think that's just a home run. #Forever Royal #Take The Crown # post season
Really crowley-the darkness is dark-id have never guessed. # Super natural
Wow. I’m surprised. The queer character. Soulless. Within twenty minutes of her queer reveal. I’m. so. surprised.
Um yeah...the women involved with the black panthers all had their asses out. That shows # black power # empire
10 year old son didn't do his homework says "Why am I getting in trouble for something I didn't DO?" # smart ass # really ?
Gah! Just about to go into the dentist. Haven't been in 3 years so this should be fun, right? # freak in gout # man i hate dentist
Lamar Odom is one of the best role models I have ever seen for this generation, please focus all of your attention on him
Excited about this $7 check from my PT weekend job
So excited for this APUSH quiz!!!!!!
This waitress is just so pleasant
Never would've guessed Steve Cutler was the first eliminated. Though he had a chance.  #NXT
I guess the producers don't want us to like Savage. # Sur vivo r # Sur vivo r SecondChance
Earl Stroman is just a lil guy # B east
I don't know if the Royals can come back from that blow ...
Instead of talking about candidates' policies and records, let's focus on who 'won' the debate. That's useful.
Great at bats to begin the game by Esky & Cain
Um..scuse me. What if # J a ys win the protest
I'm confused. What team was acting tonight? Did they lose or something? # w hats the big deal Thank God I live in #Stratford O N
Lots of chemistry issues for Spurs starters, as expected with this team
This is the first time that one of my Twitter followers hit a 3run homerun in a postseason..congrats buddy # j o e y bats
Well weird that they can't get a signal for their walkie-talkie in a different world.... # o u at
i love those ppl that only fuck w u when it's convenient for them lol
Toronto is super classy. Fans and players are a good match. #Blue Jays
It's funny how I never knew all of my Facebook friends were such huge baseball fans.
I'm glad the Blue Jays can handle success and act like they've been there before  #ALDS
Last night was alotta fun. Got called a douche multiple times and slapped twice by a crazy/obsessed chick. #I Got A Way With The Ladies
The game is still under protest it isn't over folks.  :-)
Aww all the bandwagon Jays fans must be SO happy!
Well that wasn't stressful at all # come together
Turns out "Can't Feel My Face" is far more enjoyable when sitting in SuperCuts and a middle aged woman is singing along  #Help Me
Skydome, aka Rogers Centre, packed to the roof. BMO Field almost.  #Come Together
As far as meltdowns are concerned, I prefer mine in the 7th inning rather than later. How about you, # As t r os fans? # a l d s game 5
I have the best luck # done r n
Toronto Blue Jays fans very classy. Women and children has to run from beer bottles thrown on their heads. Again class act.
42 new followers in 24 hours maybe I should do this thing they call "Twitter" more often # stepping up my game
Guess who is losing their voice? It's not like I need it for work  #Why Must I Cheer So Loud #Come Together GoJaysGo
Sounds like a boring game. Sure glad I'm away from a TV. # b l u e j a ys # ml b
So apparently #ANTM is canceled after this season. I'm so devastated. I'm not sure how life will go on...
If you people watched NASCAR you wouldn't be having so much trouble finding FOX Sports 1. We've been here since Speed Channel
Wow Toronto, way to stay classy
Look at those "classless" Canadians! They give baseball a bad name
Canadians are so nice. #T E Xvs T O R # stereo types
Anything interesting on TV right now? # J a ys
Yeah baseball so boring. #T E Xvs T O R #ALDS
They should of called infield fly on that play.  :-)
Oh wow look what happens when you put your head down and play ball instead of dwelling on the previous play!!!!! # just play ball
Way to go Toronto! City of Champions!
Good to know the fucking attitude is still wonderful here.
What's the point of having umpires? Just review everything # what the hell # let them play
Some crisp baseball being played here.
If THAT is how the game ends, Canada may declare war on Texas. # never ever quit
only boys know cars. girls if you think you know anything about cars you're wrong cuz only guys know anything about cars.
Now you can send gif on Facebook... How interesting!
"The other guy has it, you want it, Obama will take it for you. Vote Democrat." # income inequality # that makes things equal # t hats fair
Class act Toronto, way to throw shit on the field
Another productive day being a CPA.
Glad to see the Canadians know how to handle their disappointment
Idk what everyone's talking about, I love throwing a nova bomb and a clip of hawkmoon into a sunbreaker and he still lives # Des tiny
Here's some other working titles # its our game # believe in the leaf #be L E A F # blue them away # j a y s w i l l b e c ha ys
Back to work in the morning after three and a half weeks off. Joy
so wait, there's a Royals game tonight? I had no idea  #Go Royals
Hey millennials! Wanna succeed as a young artist? Make work about the internet and technology. Nothing else matters!
Geraldo could give credibility back to pathological liar, Brian Williams, on MSNBC.  #The Five
Surprised Tulo's first pitch this AB wasn't a strike #Come Together # Game 5
It's like a scene out of pretty woman #TOWIE
I do love it when your brain wakes you up at 3am to fuck with you.  #Black Cloud
50 pitches. Good thing our bullpen is all set for the day.  #Come Together
Goodbye Dan. You will be missed  #The Apprentice
Patriots can take a crackhead off the streets nd make him fit into their system
My favorite posts are the passive aggressive little jabs.  #Then Go Die Boo #Tough Guy #Bitter Exes
Dan has got some mad selling game. Please teach me your epic skills bruv  #The Apprentice
My apologies to all "true" #S T L Cards fans for not my being butt hurt and curled up in bed, crying my eyes out, after yesterday's L.
Oh you cant knock out a fish salad in a plastic tub for £9! Who knew? I'm so blindsided....  #The Apprentice
Way to be a pro, Brandon Weeden. Way to be a pro.
I'm sure that's "exactly" why the student recorded that video. Why didn't you try to stop the fight?! # heroic teen
When u start ur sentence with " when " to show that intense and meme thingy!! # when # follow me # live # love # laugh #Thug Life
Great bomb scare at the bank!
To be honest, my phone gallery is full with memes. Oh My God! It's now more that 3000. This is what happens when u r too sarcastic
I can see why he's so well loved.... # Claude
All the candidates seem really nice.  #The Apprentice
It always amazes me how flight travel seems to bring out the best in people.
Out of breath from bending over to tie your shoes. Oh yea, I'd be real happy like that!  #Dr Phil
Far as I'm concerned this Oilers season is just getting better and better.
Advertisers should start putting "scary music and spooky voices" in their radio ads, don't think any do.. # is hall owe end one yet
Another day spent crippled by my anxiety. I'm getting good at this
First anxiety attack in like 6 months. # ya y # fun times # hash tag
Don't ya just love it when you're in the middle of a sentence and suddenly you can't remember any word in the English language?
let's take a moment to appreciate those friends who only come around when they need something..
I freakin loved the PSAT's can't wait for the real thing
Nothing says "I'm professional" like yelling at someone's friend for making an honest mistake.
Ladies, if you're not gonna leave him, stop checking his stuff and let that man cheat on you peacefully. # lb vs
Games that make me cry are the best
Live room-> where people are alive Dead room-> where people are dead # easy
Wake up to 3 robocalls informing me I won the candian loto. Oh goody now I can get my genies spiced and become a real roo!
More student athlete thugs. All hail athletics! # arts # m us iced
I feel exhausted. I'm going to put the heating on, then I intend to get all cosy...and then an early night for me. So #Rockn Roll  :|
Mr Modi who gave you the right to expose congress. #Nehru Exposed # N e t a j i files
Nothing makes for a good, focused work environment like hearing nonstop hammering outside your office building.
You should totally believe everything you see on the Internet,its all completely true.People tweet truth ALL the time # is # strong
Love it when I leave my computer on overnight to do some big uploads and Windows Update restarts my computer without asking.
Robot of William Nicol and N1 out. I'm sure they'll be fixed urgently at this busy intersection. # third day
Is it too much to ask for a world free of the  hashtag?
Yes, we definitely need to hear about the booger in your nose. Thank you very much.
Fuckin great, Bono 'the ego' is gonna be on #T F I Friday
Employee benefits meeting, BYOB. Meet you at the keg stand.
Great news to hear after coming home from work... # shit mood
Overheard: "A woman needs a husband because you can't blame god and Modi for everything."
lloydh: Loving Lord_Sugar on the gregjames show, very funny # apprentice
I love sitting through presentations on presentations.
So the debate. I couldn't tell, do you think CNN has a candidate they're endorsing?  #Dem Debate
I need to use Twitter more. Because I need more distractions in my life... grad school isn't busy at all. # lonely # no life
$WMT = # America I'm sure all already figured it out - What a bullish ER season - $SPY keep dreaming 200s honey :)
I love it when the first thing I see when waking up a text for fraud alert. . Yep. Called, cancelled and new one on its way.
Great day so far. Woke up with a sore throat, stuffy/runny nose, and pounding headache. Best day every!
Ovie slept in and missed practice because he's a Euro, no Canadian player would ever disrespect the game like that,send him back
No way, I didn't know that marketing companies plan out every move and every outcome. # du h
Out loud music and no internet to do my homeworks are my best parterns
I'm getting real sick of all these spam accounts adding me on Facebook. 0 mutual friends? Yeah, I'm totally gonna add you.
A whole day without a single meeting on the schedule. How ever will I cope??
Sometimes making fun of someone is one of the sincerest forms of flattery. If I'm not joking with you, I may not actually like you.
This is a great time to be sick
Shout out to high school for teaching me how to live on my own and know what to do.
Study: Reading health studies every day will leave you dazed and confused as to what you should eat and do with your life.
women can't be leaders what if they get periods?? They might start a war over a bad reason! a thing men have never done
Mythic dg gear better than Mythic raid gear... This will only go well for Blizzard.  #Stop Being Dumb
$PTRA nothing to look at here. All trades look 100% legit.
Waiting 2,5 hours for your fucking train after work isn't bad at all :)))))))))
Wish I also had a Sahitya award.. would return & encash the raging fashion this season. "Milne se zyada publicity to lotane me hai"
But to be fair. What would # fox news possibly have to report on if we weren't fighting useless wars and reinvested in our country?
Love it when I have to do a group assignment all by myself.
Reading up on the # debates this morning and once again #CNN 's impartial ethics shine through #Feel The Bern
Words for # modern times: emailing, texting keeps a marriage together. # Wednesday
who is modest ?  #goodbye M O D E S T #E M A Biggest Fans1 D
They start working at 8:00 & don't stop until sundown...despite the temps outside!! But they're rapist though!  again
Hispanics built my house...actually every house in this neighborhood & the new mall down the street...but they're rapist though!
ooh dentist office this morning. how wonderful.
So phone companies don't care about the scourge of cold calling at all, unless they profit from it elsewhere. Thanks so much.
On break listening to my coworker argue on the phone. Dropping F bombs and all. You know, another day at the office. # Stop
10 year yield right at 2%... This much ballyhooed rising rate environment gonna start any minute now # De flat ion
Another well worked trade PR exercise.
Ah there's nothing like the smell of a trash truck you're driving behind in the morning
Until there's # humanity # ant hr o polo g y will survive! Hopefully it's alive!
Best part of # writing is when your story idea changes almost 100% and you have to start everything over.
This morning has been awesome so far
Well this rain shower is nice!
Understanding  means you have a healthy mind. I knew you would have never got it otherwise, may be still!!! ~ Afraz
It's always nice to be woken up by a jackhammer
Database migrations and TFS make for such happy times...
$PCLN rallying every day, no matter what, since 9/29. But I'm sure nobody heard about Trip Advisor partnership thing in pipeline.
Yeah, my working life will be a breeze
You know it's going to be a great day when it takes you an hour and a half to get to work and you're super late
DCMA audits today. No stress here.
Well # Me r k e l is about to create a civil war in # Germany nice going # Mi grants
Oh the joy of new # pass words . #Cubicle Land
when your best friend keeps talkin in # sad # teenager
Loudest cheers for Mohit's defense. Even louder than Dhoni's sixes.
my favorite thing is waking up not being able to breath through my nose & feeling like i got hit by a bus, i love it
England spinners approaching 0 - 300. But their 3 maidens have helped to build up pressure. #TMS #P A Kv E N G # b b c cricket
Oh, boy. It's PSAT time... YAAAY...  #PSAT
When a random plastic surgeon follows you first thing in the morning. They'll make you feel good about your face.
Oh no I missed a political debate on TV...I am torn up I tell you...TORN UP.
A whole day of listening to my team members talking about # baseball ... CanNOT wait
Wish Neil would stop doing those convoluted jokes about the Daily Politics mug. Makes me laugh so much I can't eat my lunch. # b b c d p
yay this is so much fun
I love the Nigerian Police quick response to armed robbery situations. They always arrive FEW MINUTES......after the Robbers leave.
Dying of the cold today and gym induction at 2. This will be fun
My alarm chose to wake me up with "Adam's Song" by Blink-182. It is going to be a great day!
It's so sensible for people to always try and equate Republicanism and capitalism with selfishness  #Dem Debate
Tweeting "Kill white people" is crime but actually killing one black person after another is self defense. Yeah, makes total sense
Today my response to things is "woo" # Ti red
"You have been randomly selected for an additional check" - thank you! Make my journey even more complicated.
Yesterday .ru TLD operator lost access to its money. Russians are literally running out of the Internet.
Hungry mode... Could eat a house naw...
Singing Time of our lives by Pitbull and Mum goes don't know if shit song or person singing is shit. Cheers mum.
Does somebody else love the awesome connection reliability of the WiFi? #V Mworld
if you're weird and funny I automatically like u. # The comedy humor
Don't you just love randomly waking up at 3am and not being able to fall back asleep!!
Who is this # Bernie and why is my timeline full of tweets about him? # d a f u q
just one of the services I offer
Flare up of violence in Syria, Yemen, and Iraq since the #Iran Deal has absolutely nothing to do with the #Iran Deal. # Face palm
House is a mess and my boyfriend is an ass... # great mood
I love being thrown about while standing on buses because the driver can't brake like a normal human # b r is ban e # t ran sl ink
There is no dearth of # n e r d s in the world. Use to irritate n e r d s and # s t u p i d s . I like to use it when some nerd comes across to me.
Time to get ready for school
Oh, and # W i n d o w s has ANOTHER update for me, followed by the customary reboot - why thanks, that's SO helpful *puts kettle back on*
'kidnapping' is a harsh word. it's actually 'surprise adoption' #LOL # s ass y
I love how this election cycle we are more willing to entertain crazy people as legit candidates for President of the United States
Friend: How many apples do you think are on that tree? Me: All of them.
RedScareBot: Crypto-communism RT juststain Socialism and huge tax hikes because unrealistic economic goals! #Woo Hoo  #I Dont Feel Shit
Crypto-communism RT juststain Socialism and huge tax hikes because unrealistic economic goals! #Woo Hoo  #I Dont Feel Shit
Socialism and huge tax hikes because unrealistic economic goals! #Woo Hoo  #I Dont Feel Shit
The only way to truth ,Socratic method Only freedom ,democracy Only function of intellect ,_words_ Only god ,popularity # a n a r c h i s m
Wow these sleeping pills are working great
With all these writers protesting, I am conviced, Currently, India is the worst place to Live.
With each update # v s c o c am moves closer to becoming the next # h i p s t a m a t i c .
There's something very comforting about the sound of my dog licking his balls while I'm trying to sleep.
Thanks for giving me a second chance, I'm really trying here :)
I've been really good on my diet so I'm all good to eat my weight in donuts # t hats not how that works
There's a guy in town that tells other people that he used to date me... uhm ok and when did this happen? # liar # boys lie # e w
I see the S-word is still to be reviled and feared. Nice how some things never seem to change. # Socialism #Dem Debate
# Cubs won the #World Series tonight?! Cool.
Oh how I've missed getting up at this time # l y in
I'm glad I came back to oney & there was a giant stink bug in my room
cops manipulating and using violence against black teens. that's obviously justice # b l a c k m as cu l in ity 415
I'd vote for that dude that killed someone and talked about it tonight bc he seemed really sad (read happy as fuck) that he did it.
Can't understand why Bernie isn't getting more money from Millionaires and Billionaires. .
Pens are 0-3 for the first time since 2001. All Kessel's fault right ?
Old Hillary a flip flop? Couldn't be.  #Dem Debate
Pat Haden sounds like an awesome guy to work for
Now the joy of waiting for a bus to head home. Yay.
ErMehGersh! That 1 # d e m o c rat mentioned African & Native Americans, It's like he said my name, I'm gunna vote for him!!1 #Dem Debate
Oct is  awareness month. A motion I can fully support. InSixWords
where were the questions about ethics in video game journalism, CNN? #Dem Debate
Jim Webb. Can't imagine why he never caught on. #C N N Debate
Give me what i want or i won't sign the bill. How do you compromise with obama on that? # bad re pub l i cans
Hilary you're so unpopular. You poor thing. Really have the deck stacked against you.  #Dem Debate #Feel The Bern
Wow let's all make a huge deal of McDavid's first goal! He's definately gonna turn the Oilers around! # m c bust # e i c h e l s better
Wait...why aren't they talking about how strong our military should be, and the money we need to build a wall?!!!!  #Dem Debate
I'm confident enough to say that I've slept approximately 18 hours today and am now going back to bed. # being sick rules
Puig's # post season batting average is pretty great! #LGM #Beat L A
Yay to tax dollars to over populated jails with large percentages of inmates with small offensives
We don't want to fill up our prisons, so let's just make everything legal.  #Dem Debate
Black people ask about #Black Lives Matter, Latinos about immigration, women about women. Makes sense?! #CNN #Dem Debate # m e d i a s u c k s
Bitch ain't got no friends. Please, no women have friends.
Can we ask these candidates what they will do with all the prisoners taken captive and guns confiscated during #Jade Helm #Dem Debate
I'm glad that democrats are talking about republicans during the democratic debate  #Dem Debate
Also, I forgot how safe nuclear reactions were!!!
Commercial break featuring a device called TouCan, a hands-free can opener. Just what I need! #Dem Debate
Anderson is teasing a weed question and outing the whole audience as pot heads. This is the debate that keeps on giving  #Dem Debate
I love watching the USA lose. I hope it continues to happen. Buncha dorks. Go play a real sport.
Wow Chafee has such a stage presence
I blinked and missed the longggg discussion on care for veterans.  #Dem Debate
Thank you LinkedIn for making 3 years of archived messages my inbox
If not wanting my tax dollars to fund illegal immigrants' tuition makes me an immigrant hater then... #Dem Debate
Hillary Clinton Watson continue spying on a big surprise there  #Dem Debate
You know what my favorite thing in the whole world is? Getting blatantly ignored. I swear it is on purpose now.
OMG - Huckabee making a bad, semi-racist Asian joke is going to be one of the leading headlines from the #Dem Dabate - way to go
Don't look now but Brouwer has twice as many goals as Oshie. #Fire B M G M # horrible trade #Couldhavehad Forsberg # get over that trade
Good thing they gave Webb time.  #Dem Debate #Soundbites Needed Sir
Why does the Hispanic guy have to ask the immigration questions? Damn Mexicans stealing American jobs! #Dem Debate #C N N Debate
I think the main problem with the #Dem Debate is that nobody is talking about building a huge wall
The intrigue of the intricacies of Senate votes always scores well in debates.
Yes, let's raise taxes on everyone but especially the rich to make college "free"!!  #Dem Debate
Refinancing student loans to pay them back later --- just the reform students are looking for. #Dem Debate
Sometimes I don't feel like going to work... .. but then I remember, I was born smart and good-looking, and not filthy rich.
Fun fact: Being a Clinton bodyguard can be a deadly job and wil be featured on Dirty Jobs with Milke Rowe
This is where Donnie excels. # d o d g e r s
#Rhode Island must be so proud this evening. # C ha f fee 2016
Time to start another great day of school
k everyone just like we did during Gold Cup to win Panamá bust out the & let's pay the ref for this penalties  #Mexicovs Panama
"I basically said 'cut it out!'" Bravo, Hillary!
But the Republicans didn't talk about race. Oh, I guess since all POC vote Democratic is relevant now.  #FOH #Dem Debate
Five point plan? Or a five year plan? #Dem Debate # communist
That's it. I'm European-American, not white. I don't wanna be called white, that's racist
Poor Webb, being left out.  #Dem Debate
Awesome get to hear about McDavid all day tmw on tsn1050 # L e a f s
Socialism....ya that's the answer. #Dem Debate # Bernie 2016 #NOT
Senator Webb continues to behave like an adult & focus on whether he gets his time vs actually responding. #Dem Debate
# M c d avid number one. Why did it take him so long!
And I am out. Thanks Dems you are the greatest
"Radiology is sooooo easy, anyone can do it". Wow really? I didn't know that. Sign me up! # some people # r ad l y f e # don t just push buttons
Ah yes. The real issues. # hill a r y se mails # d em debate
Love love LOVE how my WiFi is barley working
A nuclear bomb could kill us all, but in 400 years when the ocean's rise, that's the real concern. #Debate With Bernie
The #Dem Debate was soooo riveting, my wife and I turned on # Gotham instead. #Democratic Debate
Hooray the Devils lose again # we suck
Who would have thought Bernie Sanders would say Climate Change is the biggest issue facing us?
You may think I'm anxious for # work tonight because I tried to get ready for it twice before my real alarm. You'd be wrong. # humor
Finally, after all of the hijinxs on the GOP side, the Dems are sniping at each other. The Donald effect is growing.  #Dem Debate
BWAHAHAHhahaha!!!! I get it now, oh lawd, all the funny right there. # i see what you did there
Senator Webb, are you trying to get in the conversation? Couldn't tell.  #Dem Debate
Had an assessment for new braces today. Now to wait 2-3 months so the health care people can approve it. Yay!
Love when friends talk behind my back... Now I have a # m i grain e
Love the passive-agressive apology, Steph. Way to show how mature you are # Not
Dealing with drunk coworkers and dropping a washer on my foot! I'd say today was a great day!
Can't quite figure out why Lincoln Chaffe isn't polling higher #Dem Dabate
Finally, after all of the hijinxs on the GOP side, the Dems are sniping at each other. The Donald effect is growing.
The Democrat debate is tonight! I can't wait to see 5 saggy, old white people claim to embrace diversity! #Prostate Magic # Democrats
#Dem Debate Oh, Bernie has a D- from the NRA? GUN PANDERER!!!
How come none of these # D e m s are mentioning that rampant war on Christianity? #Dem Debate
Eh only like 20-25 minutes getting home later than usual. No biggie. # c al train #SB266
i like the diverrsity in the # democratic party - 1 woman & every type of old white guy you could imagine #Dem Debate
Thank you, Jim Webb, for standing up for white people. No one has ever done that before.  #Black Lives Matter #Dem Debate
Icing when they send it back? Nice work team. #Go Jets Go
love it when candidates talk about themselves in the third person  #Dem Debate
We're about to get to that totally nuanced conversation about guns.  #Democratic Debate
Jim Webb making the strong case for racism. Let's see if that strategy works for him  #Dem Debate
So, who won the Cubs vs. Cardinals game???
I totally agree. Whites are so discriminated against. It's so hard to be white. #Dem Debate # obviously
O'Malley is the one to watch. Seriously. Just look at the thriving metropolis of Baltimore.  #Dem Debate
Wow I'm glad this guy is so animated  #hisnameis O Malley
O'Malley is as enthusiastic as Ben Carson
"Free stream" from CNN crashed one computer (kernel panic) and refused to play on another. Thanks CNN  #Dem Debate
Omgggg, you're only 15 and you already go out ANYTIME you want and do ANYTHING you want? Soooo proud! # hate freshman
No, Hillary won't say anything just to become President, that position didn't poll well enough #Dem Debate
Love how Hillary specifically mentions discrimination in the LGBT community but doesn't mention police brutality against blacks
Discussions about climate change, middle class and income inequality? Let's talk about where we are going to war next  #Dem Debate
Why isn't  an option - Hillary should have said "Yes, I will do anything to get elected!" #Democratic Debate #C N N Debate
Hillary should be punished for changing her opinion over the last 30 years. #Dem Debate #C N N Debate
Hillary has been consistent her ENTIRE life apparently. So thats good news. #Debate With Bernie
Off with his head!! #USMNT #Fire Klinsmann  #Or Is It
That last tweet was pure  in case you didn't pick up on it.
Is Sanders not wearing a flag pin? Does he even want to be President? #Dem Debate
Of course. They have no makeup. And messy hair. They're hideous.  #Mudds Women
These guys are SUPER charismatic. #Democratic Debate
Yes Jim Webb, cite your experience with the Reagan administration. That worked out really well for Black people. #C N N Debate
Jim Webb has 0% chance of winning the office of Dog Catcher
"Oh you're so confident" literally most confident person in the world
They're conveniently airing the BET awards during the Democratic Debate. The illuminati is out here! Stay Woke!
Wait...Rhode Island is a state?  #Dem Debate
The guy (Chafee) would scare the piss out of Putin.  #Dem Debate
My mom asked how long have you been single? I said last November and she said already? And I said time flies by when your single
I only wish CNN had added more cow bell to the staging, it seems to be lacking some polish... # style over substance #Dem Debate # f b
I'm amazed by the diversity on the democratic ticket.
Lots of diversity in the democratic candidates #Dem Debate
You know what we need more of in our presidential debates? Old, white, men.  #Dem Debate
The amazing diversity of the DNC candidates....  #Dem Debate
Finding out you have 4 hour test tomorrow is pretty great
Our Powerplay must be the best in the league!  #NYR
I'm not sure if the Cubs won tonight.  #Timeline Broken
I wonder who will get the most applause when introduce? My money is on Jim Webb #Dem Debate
John Deere advertising during the democratic debate. I guess they really do know their audience?
wait, there are other democratic candidates besides #Bernie Sanders and #Hillary Clinton ? # media fail #Dem Debate
Obama wasn't reading a teleprompter for his message ... #Dem Debate
When I'm bored, I like to take a shower but we have visitors so.. not a good time rn... I dislike ppl. They always ruin my plans
That was an important foul to give. #USMNT #U S Av C R C .
This is nice and all, but what about how the # Cubs treated Ricky Renteria? #Love Joe Maddon
I'm so glad that having Glass in the line up is deterring the Jets from slashing players wrists #NYR  #Why No Etem Or Fast
#Dem Debate should be fun to watch...
Is this the 1st time the Cubs clinched at home? Can anyone confirm?
Dentist offices are just the best.
Fire Matheny! 5 straight playoffs and 4 NLCS appearances and overcoming tons of injuries to win 100 games isnt good enough!
What a shame that the # Cardinals have been eliminated from the #M L B Playoffs. # no p e # Cubs
I drink Stella Artois because I enjoy the taste of a man. Eww lala.  #shittybeerforshittypeople
Damn those super classy, cheating # cardinals lost. I'm very upset about that
Lololol the Cards are eliminated darnit.
Sure glad we held on to Scioscia and didn't keep that Maddon Loser.
Great crowd at the Joe tonight
Referee not handing out a yellow for a Costa Rican player purposefully sticking their arm into Shea's face to stop him...great job
Isn't family just the greatest thing ever!?
The day I actually decide to record something, I get sick. Life is great
Denton and Dallas traffic has taught me to be patient.
It's weird that all the cardinals fans I know are so quiet right now  #Fly The W‌
"Don't you just love it when the doctors has to freeze our toe to get the nail out"
I LOVE leaving before the sun comes up and coming home after sundown.
Ooh I looove when my computer restart it..And then I have to reopen ALL the fucking pages again - and there is a lot! - # W i n d o w s 10
Baez ONLY hits a measly single. #Bench Him # Cubs # post season
Spam email addresses me as a PayPal customer and then asks me to confirm my Apple ID on a PayPal login clone. Clearly legit.
"People seem to like Swift more than Objective C": you don't say?
I like being sent off TWICE at the end of my day. YEP!
Seriously though, my Tagalog is so good. Da best.. Hahaha
Hooray for traffic! Now I can listen to the radio instead of relaxing at home!  #Said No One Ever
Still rather have Cashner.... # p a d r e s # c u b s #NLDS
Three midterms this week couldn't be happier
Jerry Jones is putting Matt Cassell in at QB. Oh boy, ride'm cowboys..
F#%k my life, I've got flu and bada%# headaches. Just after restarting work. Couldn't have been better
just another day in paradise! # a d v e r t is in g # f ml #workingin a d v e r t is in g # ad life # agency life # agency grind
Watching a really interesting documentary on train sets wahaha
My class rank is 221/441 and my gpa is a 3.1 I love that I do great at school !
Whoever found and kept my wireless headphones at edge osigian hit me up if you need the charger
Cowboys bench Brandon Weeden I know #Cowboys Nation you're all shocked I know it hard but we'll overcome somehow
I don't see people walking around with chargers these days.hmm..that's odd. Did anything change?
Moving the office 2x in a year makes total sense. Even better, each move worsens employees' commutes. # work life
Mister Lackey seems like such a pleasant, easy going young man. # c u b s
My default setting is Sarcastic...which is not far off from fucking asshole # problems
Kids accused me of being mean. I accused them of being energy sucking freeloaders. I think we're even.
Love it when weird people on the train stare at me.
I just love drawing attention to myself
Another glorious and eventful shift at planet flam. Those that follow understand the . Still I could of been watching # H ol l and
I just got to deal with the bank for two hours!!! Yay!!!  #Just Adult Things
I love working out when I'm tired but it has to get done. # M o t i v at ion
So there'll be none of that orange bonhomie at Euro 2016. Such a shame.
Ah that lovely "how are you still single?!" question. # my favorite
Coolest part about this NLDS is having great start times.
The stamp was *clearly* a misstep. Sean O Brien, however, nearly cut Pape in HALF. WITH HIS HAND. #RWC2015 # Citing
So, technically, were actually fighting the Russians in Syria right now. Like a mini Vietnam scenario..but no one cares.
I have a theory...aliens have taken human form + replaced our leaders! Only logical explanation for policies of the last few years.
I always wonder that how many people have screenshots of my snaps on snpchat # snap chat # snap chat stories
Wish I had a "Grand Prix" sticker on my windshield..just to let ppl know what kind of car it is, those are the COOLEST!
You know what's freaking super when I'm depressed & trying to sleep the day away? A guy with a chainsaw outside my window.
I sure love the game of "Spot how this Javascript library modified the DOM and inadvertently fubared your application"
That drive Ej had Sunday was just a glimpse of things to come # the truth
$XBI another -4% ... so far for good seasonality in # b i o t e c h s ....
So who's excited about the Democrats White's-Only primary? Way to get back to your roots, guys!
Say goodbye to the Dutch's 2016 Euro hopes - say goodbye to Danny Blind. The KNVB handled this decision well...  No laughing matter
Agree that studying at night is far more effective than studying in the morning # T hug student # thug stories # thug life # ex am son
just one of the services I offer # Q u o t e s # Funny
I get to spend the next hour listening to Juniors debate politics and candidates. Yay! # fuck me up
"What do you have a hot date or something? " - Flo Hosein jokes
Woohoo! Mike Dean is Ref on Saturday...! He's Amazing! # a f c b # u t c i ad
i have a right to tell any and all celebrities to kill themselves #Give Twitter A Slogan
My co-workers really enjoyed my "two months til my birthday" announcement in today's regroup meeting.
A jealous woman can be a better investigator than FBI. # fun fun fun # Miriam 2016
awe I love highschool couples who act like they havnt seen eachother in 90 years .. every. single. day. :))))))
A girly mag without naked girlies- well thats brilliant # playboy
It is no fun when you have to explain or # humor .
Best thing to happen during lunch rush at Panera: your # preschool e r sprinting straight into the men's room. # mom problems
I had someone return a voicemail from me from two weeks ago. I'm glad you viewed my message as important.
I'm glad I'm really smooth with married women. I totally love feeling like an asshole. # hash tag # ban an as
Damn, we forgot to wear matching outfits and take pictures at the beach! #Vacation Fail
Come what may my favorite subject.
Miss Lebanon didnt know that she was gonna win at all, the tearing up even before her name was announced was just out of excitement.
I love having to fill out 20 page questionnaires when I know the doctor is going to re-ask me all the same questions anyway!
I'm so glad college has had a positive impact on my mental health... # college is unhealthy # why is this o k
Well. Thanks anyway Maam S. At least I'll still have 1 more quiz for our class. ? Naaaah. Seriously. Thank you maam ! :)
Because the connection between 1920s Birmingham street gangs and 1970s bands from California is rock solid and obvious.
If you have ever gotten into a fight over hockey, you're really doing a great job at convincing me to like it.  #Hockey Sucks
Posted on Overheard for the fest time ever. I'd say that's going pretty well. # goals
If you want to know the true value of your subordinates, threaten to fire them all and observe reactions from higher-ups.
I'm so tired of societal gender roles. How dare bigots tell me that I can't birth a child from my womb # gender fluid # disc rim in at ion
Oh yes please I would love to be on your black lives matter mailing list!! # jury duty
For f#!c sake debug this site! #Give Twitter A Slogan
Good worship in chapel this morning. I think it was because of the lights. We should just keep 'em.  #Not Because Of The Lights
Love being at work 2 hours early
Brady says not about revenge against Colts. In related story, Brady doesn't care about winning, plays for fun # n f l # Brady # I n d y
Wow yay I'm done with class until 4 aren't I lucky
Can I get real for a second and tell you behind your back that I'm very disappointed. # behind the scenes # tired # unreal
Cold and rainy. Just how I like my October.
Second time crying in school in front of people Yay that was fun
Love not knowing anyone in my seminars. It's a good thing I'm so naturally friendly and sociable.
Ryan Fraser's out for 2 months. Good. Great. Fantastic.  #ITFC
"So glad I can read all those fancy letters on my phone."
Thank god Harper is using this demonstration, the cash register sounds really drive home what he's getting at # get rid of ha r per
Twin Pandas born at Toronto zoo obvious anchor babies!! Must deport and strip of rights! #T Opandacubs
Nowadays when one expresses opposing opinion on social media one is either troll or promoting propaganda. How handy!
If ur vote didn't matter, they wouldn't work so hard to supress it! Is election reform an # e l x n 42 issue for u? # don t vote # c d n p ol i
I'm so happy that retailers have managed to get Christmas decorations out with the Halloween decorations
is good sometimes, but doesn't works at work :) # being sarcastic
# T wit t e r , the new Adopt-a-Home for #Give T wit t e r ASlogan
Here's to my first morning as a WSU intern! No I'm not nervous at all...  Its gonna be great!! :)
Today's gonna be frickin fantastic, I can feel it already.
So what should men do for prostate cancer awarenss #No Underpants Day ? #No Bra Day .....
Know it's going to be a good day when you see two of your football players headed to the deans office....
Socialism is a lot like you and me... Except it's socialism #C N N Debate # be r n i e 2016 # its are only hope
cherry on top of my day does to timehop
I'm so excited about all the commercial breaks tonight during an important #Dem Debate on #CNN. I can't wait.
Well, they pulled their contract, so yippee our house is back on the market!!  #whowantsahouseinvirginia ?!
Thanks # T wit t e r of the magnificent work done with the update. Now you have rendered unserviceable my timeline.
I guess I'm supposed to grin and bear his paternalistic attitude towards myself in front of everyone else.
Professor said make friends. It will be fun she said. Yeah of course I would love to be friends with such terrible people
Yeh Im up to 25 followers go me!
What's wrong. I have that thing too
not even 8 AM and I've already cried once...awesomeee. today's gonna be great
Twitter: in 140 characters! #Give Twitter A Slogan # P un
Been on vacation. Haven't been to work since last Tuesday. Today should be fun......
This year's Meltdown to be curated by Guy Garvey. Bound to be exciting
You know you jogged very well when your whole body is sore. My life is amazing, can't wait for tomorrow  (feeling broken)
Last RT. What a time to be alive.
My bus was either 6 minutes early, or 19 minutes late #WTF #34A #Mersey Travel #Arriva Busses It's not like I have a job to go to
Enjoying the Incredible Hulk photo filter today. #Photography Advice
No interpretive dance on # a b c 730 tonight. Devastated
Another German lesson! My favourite part of the week!
10 minuite wait for the tube and I am gonna end up standing the whole way. Oh it's turning into a fun commute this morning
Im just gonna stop studying for my Midterms and file my COC. Im running for president.Bitch everyone should be afraid. # Hal al an 2016
What a glorious day!!! # morning #2 hours sleep # zombie # f ml # insomnia # v y t h i c a 13
Oh no! The next #Mad Max movie will not star the same leading lady as the last one. That has NEVER happened before. # Fur i os a
(1) Alexander Lukashenko re-elected again for the fifth time. Incredible political talent and popular approval it seems. # dictators
what a great start to my birthday week
Blonde upkeep is soooo fun... # blond i e # the things girls do # life
why not Charlie Strong to USC? He did beat OU and turn the Horns season around right?  # stillbutthurt
Why yes I did want to see that snap of your ass
My # roommate was just # busted for the # sale and # d ist r i but ion of # elder p or n !! # funny # joke # one liner # p e r v e r t # p or no graph y # humour
Vicki you are such a martyr #RHOC #WTH #R H O C Finale
I always watch concert snap stories from start to finish.
Ahh that cheap booze smell.  #Trapped In A Cab Send Help
Maybe I'll get my shit together in my dreams. L.O.L.
Clearly we all have our strengths though... But I guess we always have to be in competition.
Way to keep the game close, Dodgers.
"If We came from monkeys, why are there still monkeys?"  #Better Debate Questions
With # Playboy not putting # nude photos in their # magazines , the # s j w s # won . Where am I supposed to look at # nude photos now?
Has it been hot in So Cal lately? I've not noticed or heard anything about it on social media.
#ESPN #MNF crew praising female ref for making right game winning call at the goal line. Just amazing a woman could do that.
Nice clutch defense from the Chargers  #P I Tvs S D
Stupid play by Bell. You can get the ball knocked out when you reach for the goalline like that. # Lions #Calvin Johnson
I love how MLB is making games shorter via overly long and unnecessary reviews of routine plays. Good job
This is just the best day ever -.-
Man who would have thought a soccer player would make a good kicker?? Such a crazy idea if you ask me.
yay for no water in Rivers never been happier
I like doing a total faceplant into hard objects. It's super fun.
Hahaha Seth losing again, what a great RAW.
Great effort by Flowers on that play.
Kane gets the pin! I *totally* believe he could win the title at # hell in a cell #WWE #RAW
Oh wow didn't see that coming # Raw
Top notch timing on putting Jane the virgin on Netflix
A tight end wide open against the # Steelers ? Go figure. # horrible coaching
Holy shit WWE creative how did I not see demon Kane coming out fooled me # l u m b e r j a c k match # very creative # great booking
"If I tell you, you might not need me anymore." - # Castle "Okay, so don't tell me." -KB Yep, she totally hates his guts.
NO ONE SAW THAT COMING! #RAW
I think it is so awesome when tv villains shoot with 0% accuracy.
Nice punt. And just when we needed it. # s t e e l e r s
Spaeth isn't used to the left handed spin rotation of the football.  #terribleexcuseforbrownsdroppedtouchdownlastthursday
Dodgers pitching is falling apart in the playoffs? Oh, I'm so shocked. No really, I totally didn't see that coming.
If she really flew out straight to Canada, I see Vegas soon # joke # don t come at my neck
Remember that if you're doing a good deed, film it. Because it's not the deed that matters, it's that people know you did it.
And now Rivers throws a temper tantrum. At least he handled it like a grown up...
I managed to get 2300 steps today just walking from my kitchen to bedroom to couch. That's a mile indoors! # winning
The whole commentary team acknowledges Rusev's & Lana's engagement, 'cause who needs kayfabe #Rybackvs Rusev  #Raw Chicago #RAW
Shoutout to Todd Haley for some great play calling tonight.  #Everyone Is Going To Hate Vick #or Blame Vick #Throw A Bthe Ball
Wow that's nice of you to say when the next time I see you will be Thursday. # thanks # really # no words right now
Gee...I wonder if Steve Spurrier is retiring. And golly...I think maybe Antonio Gates caught his 100th touchdown.
Speaking of TV....so this is playoff baseball so let's put the Cubs on at 3:30CT..makes a lot of sense.
I can hardly wait to see who Juliet is going to pick a fight with this week.  #Ladiesof London
Dean in another 6-ManTagTeam match...cool :/  #RAW #Raw Chicago #Smack Down
Boy am I glad Microsoft had the forethought to give my Xbox One a whole 500GB of space for my games.
Happy # Met a data # retention day everyone! Big brother is watching. #data retention # n an n y state
"Xavier Woods is a huge fan of Video Games" *fake shock* I never knew that!  #Raw Chicago
The Ole Ball Coach 'retires' mid season - always a class act Steve Spurrier. # g a m e c o c k s
I'd only Rollins was playing short for the mets, # Dodgers probably score that inning.
I really love when history repeats itself  #justincaseyoudidntpickuponthat
Holliday grounded out to end the game. Fire that bum Matheny!
So my next class project is right in the games wheelhouse. TOO BAD I DON'T KNOW ANYONE THAT PLAYS GAMES. # excited
Oh, I'm sure Vicki talks about them all the time.  #RHOC
Wow I love walking outside and smelling the cow shit # Lovely
I remember when Curtis Granderson had big hits like that off lefties when he was in the Bronx # Yankees #Pinstripe Pride #M L B Playoffs
My life is complete now that I can put stupid little symbols at the end of my tweets.
Wow Granderson, I'm so glad you showed up for a New York baseball team in the postseason # Yankees
But Granderson didn’t hit a home run so that’s obviously not a good at bat. # Mets
Slow news day in college football....
Hands down, the swankiest baptism I've ever seen! I'm glad their hearts are in the right place. #RHOC
Sumlin leading candidate for USC job, but which one?
PEDs, the ball is juiced, high altitude, bat was corked. I'm out of excuses. #Cubs Vs Cards #M L B Playoffs
Actually, the problem is, no one understands me and eventually I end up being a loner! # thug student
When everything goes bad drink alcohol
When u disperse early from school # thug student #Thug Life
I honestly think that having friends will make me more # creative . is considered a brain # stimulant to me.
It's really nice to hear the strike before seeing it. Great coverage # t b s # t n t # Mets # Mets VsDodgers # what a joke
Thanks for showing the stretch # t b s
What a wonderful week it has been and will be for politics!
# As t r os and #Texas Rangers crushing losses in the same day...worst day in Texas history since the # Alamo ? # humor #M L B Playoffs
I just love how my twitter feed is so active.
I'm going to get involved in politics and start rioting and looting. # freedom # my way
What's this?!? Orton doesn't hit the RKO after setting it up? Wow! Big shocker.  #RAW
I suspect Soler may have earned himself another start. # Cubs # sole r power
Oblivious people are simply my favorite..
No! That Castle episode meant everything to me! Damn you #Postseason Baseball ! # Mets # Dodgers
4 examens en 2 jours, nbd...
Kind of adorable that Tejada was announced in the pregame
I love getting yelled at for no reason
Telling someone you just met that your room is a mix between "50 shades of grey" & "hostel" probably isn't a good joke.
Does anyone know the last time Arrieta gave up 4? Nobody is tweeting it.
Finally the # s t e e l e r s are on in a prime time game, was wondering if that would happen this season # other teams please #MNF
Hey TBS commentators, we just came back within a run, you don't have to get too excited. # Hey ward #12in S T L
I just love people who throw toilet paper everywhere in public bathrooms. Janitors are def hired just for you.
People acting like Sumlin is gonna be the next USC head coach. You kidding? He's not leaving glorious College Station for LA.
If you've never driven thru the Bronx during rush hour, I so recommend adding it to your bucket list.
Quick, he had a good looking swing, you can get this non numbered, rookie auto from me at a monster cost/bid on my link # salesman
#W W E Raw started with a bang !!!!!  #Is It Worth Staying Awake
And Maks is just the ideal guest judge this week, since he handled the switch in his season so well? # phoned it in #DWTS
I'm sure the cardinals will really rattle the bats as long as they've stood around on D. That's how it always works in baseball.
I hate it when i say, i hate everyone The someone's like “oh except me lol" .lol but especially you. # mood # mon day motivation
Wong should be suspended for the dirty takeout of teammate Piscotty # Cubs # cardinals # n l d s # free u t le y # d o d g e r s #M L B Postseason
Im not being evasive but I honestly don't look until fields/barriers are out & I can copy what Vince says # crisp
Love all the negativity given to RA, David and Gibby.  #Come Together
If people knew there position they would know where to stand. #Gotta Pass The Roc  lol
Defense is top-notch! * * But gotta give that to ROLO. # S i x e r s
Victim blaming is totally my favorite thing ever.
Nothing I love more than the commuter rail
Data Retention starts today in Aust. Don't forget to set up a VPN. Thankfully terrorists don't know how to do that # data retention
Ban headfirst slides MLB. Someone got hurt.  #wussificationofbaseball #Free Utley
Apparently being a douche to your team in Heroes makes them instantly play better. # why so serious # heroes of the storm
Life is great right now. Real fucking great.
...nice of Heyward to give Arrieta a break there. He needs help.
when people are that funny and u think lol why ain't u a comedian mann
Why would we want to do anything other than what rich people want? # t y t live
Gee Sydney thanks for the beautiful weather on my day off haha # shit day
I just bet coaches/managers love in game interviews.
Getting my Wisdom Teeth removed Dec. 14th! #So Excited
BET didn't cover the Million Man March? Wonder why
Thanks chuck e cheese for the whistle
Happy # data retention day Australia, i for one already feel safer
Can't wait for the CM Punk chants tonight on Raw... # get over it #Raw Chicago
Using Price in a 7-1 game? Way to go Gibbons!!! # scared #Blue Jays #M L B Postseason
I have a dentist appointment at 5:30! Yay!
Nice work gibby. Up 6, Dickie doesn't get the win, and you make sure Price can't go game 5. # b l u e j a ys
Deadlines! How would the academic world function without deadlines? # academics # c o m p c hem # r e a l t i m e c hem
Brad Marchand has a concussion? BRB... gotta go light a candle in church
So happy the orthadontist tightined my braces today
I just love buying things and then realizing they're gone when I need them. It's just the best. # p is sed
I, personally, am glad I only make $9,999,999 a year, so I don't feel bad about being overly wealthy.
Gotta love when people crop tags out :)
Oh you're so right.... it's totally not normal for high school kids to go to parties. # u g h
Thank goodness Mark Appel is playing a key role in this series
I only got a 102% on the marketing test I didn't study for.... How disappointing
Either this will be an easy exam or a slightly not so easy exam.  EngineeringLifeFuck.
Just remember everyone the Civil War had nothing to do with slavery, it was about state's rights...to own other people. # De r p
More college football news...Steve Sarkisian has been fired at USC. Too bad there isn't more to talk about today
Yay for merchant processing company that makes breaking changes without supporting API versioning!
Hosmer was a big fan of that strike call.  #BS :-)
Shock! 5 out of 6 again for 500 notes from a 5er lol I love football
You've got me shaking from the way you're talking My heart is breaking but there's no use crying  *-*
Are they sure Dyson wasn't tagged there and out? Maybe check the replay...  #Take The Crown
Tweeting a lot ....must be because the footie is so exciting and is keeping me riveted to the TV
This trip gets better and better.  I WANT TO BE HOME!
I think Westwood would add a lot to England's set pieces
Math teachers help the world by creating problems. Thanks so much. That sounds like a rewarding career. #Quiet Time Thoughts  #OK
Life just keeps on getting better and better.......
So u dont know how to make a website that works on a mobile, but you've made paid app, so that's all fine then # every crap web site
I should have done a bond story today. Would have been freaking awesome. # h a p p y c ol um bus day
Glad to see the # media is all over the shooting outside of # att stadium #thank Godnotin Philly
I thank you all for keeping me informed of what MGOP says on his morning MSNBC # ass clown rant ... My day is now complete.
What's up with this Carlos Correa character? He any good?  #ALDS
A Astros vs Rangers ALCS would be a ratings bonanza.... #ALCS
I love it when I step in gum and then track it into the car. It is one of my favorite things. # sticky foot
Marcos is working, he broke his phone,& now he can't reply back.  on point
Nothing beats writing about the deification of Europeans by the indigenous people of America. # indigenous peoples day #Columbus Day
We're definitely going to win the Euros w/ players like Shelvey and Vardy # better teams have failed
In the spirit of peace and togetherness, I want to wish everyone a very happy politically correct Indigenous Peoples Day.
On the bright side, Rios gets to lead off the eighth. # R o y a l s
It's fantastic when you join a call and you suddenly start getting roasted
How did I not see that coming
Mr. Meena talking to his mom, "We have a camera crew following us around every day, in addition to Ava's blog."
U know what makes people who lost their jobs feel better?Always reminding them of it and asking when they'll find something else.
Six-minute train ride ahead of me, train delayed by 11 minutes. (Glad I got to station early. ). Thanks for the good times # Southern
So tired. Math is going to rock... # i mm i g h t sleep
That home field advantage is really paying off for the Royals.
Why won't Pres Obama, the World Leader he is, just declare Middle East a Gun Free Zone. Problem solved. #Gun Control Saves Lives
Guys look at my post. I need favorites and retweets for attention please notice me.
As we celebrate Columbus Day, feel free to take what you want from any store. And if you do it to a Native American even better.
Heard a rumor that Will Grier has already been contacted by Gus Malzahn and has been accepted at Auburn. Transfer imminent?
Can't really put my finger on it though.... #End The Occupation
Oh joy, it's time to work out. I am so thrilled. # exercise # doing it anyway
Whatever. Being completely alone was on my bucket list anyways
I turn on "Sesame Street" only to laugh cuz somebody recently created "123 Slaughter Me Street."  Thanks parody!
Oh look my professor remembered she had a class to teach today and actually came on time!
New # t wit t e r # follow for fun, # politics , banter and witty .
It's great to know I have family that fucking cares about me.........
Please tsn! Show me that Owens catch 50 more times! I don't think you've shown it enough!
Awh, it only took you a year and a half to learn key signatures! I'm so proud!  #rebalivetweetstheoryclass
Remember: If someone has denied your follow request, the best way to convince them to let you is to keep sending one.
Working on revisions and ended one revision note with "or something." Glad to see I'm being specific with how to fix this story.
#Ace Ventura just have up his perfect game to stick up for Esky. # team player . # R o y a l s # post season #Take The Crown
I'm sure that wasn't intentional.  #ALDS
Feminists... because not all girls can be attractive. # rude
I can see the move to Brooklyn helped with attendance for the #NYI  #Go Jets Go #N H L Jets
This thanksgiving is one for the books
Coworkers are planning a dinner together for the end of the month. I'm jumping with joy...
From all the friendly fire I have seen and been part of in the last few days, I think we really do need a  font .
Everybody, talk over each other. Good job!
Now a days I don't get much Fav's & Rt's. I think I have to complain to United Nations.. # a z am khan # C hut i ya pa at its best
Rugby is for pussy. Real men watch ballet. #RWC2015
Also if one more person involved in healthcare warns me of the dangers of smoking I think I'll quit. # no shit they re bad
No teacher that's fine cancel class ten minutes before it starts nbd # at least i get to nap ?
With the “Win or lose, we still booze” comments I see. Maybe we should have gone after Sarkisian instead of Riley. # H u s k e r s
It's so great to be back at work today.
Saw a lad on one of those "hoverboard" things in the park this weekend. He looked really cool and not at all silly!
Feels like my pill is lodged in my heart, feeling blessed :D
I can not wait for this shift at work # not # worst job ever # s u r r o u n d e d b y i d i o t s
This rain is making my hair look AWESOME.  #MASC2650
Maybe if the Dutch hadn't confiscated the Africans' spears then maybe we wouldn't need #Black Lives Matter?
A Bird Doesn't Sees the Religion Of Hand Feeding Him .. Why Should we? # S e c u l a r i s m
SO THIS IS HOW THINGS START TODAY? AWESOME.
MLB appeals process very busy of course, a lot going on with 8 teams still playing.
Love getting my wisdoms out on fall break.
Friendship remind me! I could be a bad motherfucker... # mood # mon day motivation
Nothing like a quick Monday morning stop to the dentist for a little emergency crown work to get the week started off right!
Many thanks to whomever ate my lunch but kindly left the box. Surprise and disappointment were just the thing to start Monday.
Calls themselves secular, and fights over religion, India is less secular more sarcastic country...
Lunch at 1PM? That's awesome! That's TOTALLY when I eat lunch every day!
Missed the bus by 10'seconds. What a lovely end to a perfectly wonderful day.
I asked a child why is he afraid of bungee jumping.. He told that he came to this world because of a torn rubber..
If OK for Atlantic fishermen to collect EI during the off-season, why not allow farmers to collect for not raising wheat in winter?
Do you know how much fun it is to run a jail with 2 people? Soooo much fun!
Monday mornings are GREAT and FUN # mon day
Whoever belittles his neighbor lacks sense, but a man of understanding remains silent. # Pro verbs 11:12 #Just Be Quiet
When you need a talk but you don't have anyone to talk to about it # loving life
So daming ipapasa this week *conyo alert*
Boy I sure am excited to sit in traffic for 40mins #Monday Morning # commute #The Walking Dead #Rick Grimes # work # first world problems
Some lady is letting her shouting toddler run around the cafeteria. Good way to start off a Monday! # headache
I wish to own a penthouse in New York. A farm house in Germany. And 4 Lamborghinis and 200-300 servants: A student haha  #Thug Life
#Christopher Columbus getting the #Bill Cosby treatment in my social media feeds. #War On Heros #Columbus Day
Happy sociopathic tyrant destroying a country's indigenous population's heritage to make room for McDonald's day! #Columbus Day
"my # girl friend wont let me" # l ma o congratulations on ur third parent
What is it created for, to make things easier?
These things always go so well and are so well planned and everyone is so nice..... #5 s os # Manchester
Did not expect that offense tho. Nice D, McCarney.
6am fire drills on a Monday morning for everybody in halls has left UEA campus the cheeriest of places to be today.
The human body has 7 trillion # nerves and some # people manage to get on every # single one of them!
Oh how I enjoy lectures about film theory
I know I'm crazy but some people are nuts. My presents gonna be SO DAMN GOOD that imma steall ALL your friends
Thank you Columbus for a day off!!
Well glad to see the hate is alive and well this weekend at #Million Man March
I finally watched that funny #SNL gun PSA, then I read the comments underneath it. Gun people have the best sense of humor.
I love going through old bills etc and shredding them all ......so exciting
Tweets are my way to express what am I feeling right now. .
Who doesn't like to start their morning off listening to blaring and dramatic symphony music? Thanks, Uber.  #Happy Monday
# q a nd a # a uspol "Stolen Gener a tion"? I thought Austr a li a n conserv a tives objected to th a t term a s a rule! # irony
The start of another work week. Oh joy!
Yesterday was Monday. Why is it Monday again???
Last night I dreamed that my mom died, more accurately that she was killed in front of me. # fun times # w h e r e w e r e y o u d j
Can't wait to hear about #The Slide all day on sports radio.
So glad I booked today off. Been so restful so far.
Oh boy! I sure do love coming home to find the house deserted and the back door wipe open!
There is a huge difference between # r a c i s m and .
I'm a simple Arabian, I see something wrong, I fix it with words.
Alone on a Monday night. Wheeeee!
absolutely love monday morning wip meetings. love wasting my morning listening to client drivel. love my job. love my life. # ad life
I love doing math after a long day. Not really. # math # budget # first world problems
Wait! So you're telling me #Christopher Columbus didn't discover america. *faints*
When u r tooooooo over confident for some exam # thug student # being mor on
2 new front tyres on the scirocco = £360, today is a good day.
Today is wonderful. I twisted my ankle, popped my knee out of place, listened to a crying baby for 7 hrs. My life is great
Just casually watching White Chicks at 3:41 in the morning no big deal
I love not sleeping. It's so much fun to get to do things during the day and during the night.
And now that # Big boss has started again, we can all forget the things that really matters and start focusing on those that doesn't.
This thanks giving I'm grateful for catching a soaking wet sweaty male strippers wife beater. # e w # backs cabs
What are the odds that you fly an airline 6 legs, & each time your flight is delayed? Is it me or the airline? #China Eastern # fail
I suggest that the # Kurd is h # parliament meet on # Sky p e . #Twitter Kurds # E r bi l # S le man i # Kurd is tan #KRG #K R G Fail #PDK #PUK # Go ran
Heading into work and hear there was a shooting in Bolton on Saturday afternoon… lovely
I've had next to no sleep. Guess who'll be in a great mood all day?
Basically # boss dont really care that Rome wasn't build in a day. They still want you to create universe within a minute.
Qiagen adver-talk on technology that no one will be able to afford to use in Australia for another 3 years  #AGTA15
I tweaked something in my back, and now every few seconds, a spasm shoots through me. # fun times :(
Thanks for always being there for me dad # fuck you ass hole
I like you twitter, and Imma let you finish.. But I need more followers. # that never got old # K anye 2020 # dumb #icantthinkofmorehashtag
People doing random things and crossing it off from a bucket list they never made must have a special in hell .. # just a thought
... Should have added the hash tag  to that last tweet, but I ran out of characters. And patients.
Starting my birthday week spending it up all night trying to not be sick and running to the bathroom. This week will be fun.
Oh yes. Cuz that's the last thing I actually want.
I'm beginning to think that hiring the former # J e t s and # C level and head coach to run our defense was a terrible idea... #49 e r s
LeBron should sign with American Family Insurance so he can do feel good commercials to fake promote his greatness.
Ok so my f acne will go away,but your shit personality won't # mood
Shocking that the Giants have a late-game mix-up...
So the Habs are 3 and 0. Anything else rhappen tonight, sports fans? #;) # joking
Thats some grrrreat 4th Q defense right there...
Glad you text me so much this weekend.
Really glad I took 4 years of calculus and differential equations...use it all the time. # engineer in g p robs
Problems we didn't know we had 10 years ago: confirming babysitters put kids to bed on time. Thanks, # i watch
The Niners have a passing game. Who knew?
Absolutely no one had any idea what I was going to say about my history of mental illness when I "came out." TOTAL surprise. # s p s m
Oh how I love going to school everyday and seeing the people I hate. (:
Love getting dick pics from old "friends". Like yes bring it on, the ladies really love that
Yeah, OBJ sucks. Guy lives off that one catch.  (!!!!)
Soooo didn't see that coming # the walking dead
Next you'll be saying everyone's life experience varies and you can't define someone solely by their diagnosis. Unfathomable. # s p s m
2 hours later and the glasses have been found. That was a fun way to spend the afternoon.
Man. I wonder why they haven't switched to Gabbert? # t hats why #S Fvs N Y G # K a e p e r n i c k
Today, I retyped from page 32 to 47. Go me. Only about 120 pages to go!  #Na No Prep
Being Mormon does set you apart, virgin. It sure does... #90 day fiance fuckin idiot.
Benghazi committee is out to discredit Hillary? Noooo. I don't believe that the GOP would target someone to discredit them.
yay back to the hospital for me!!! I love fever's!
SEQUENCE ALIGNMENT WHAT A MAGICAL MOMENT # b i o i n f o r m a t i c s
No I don't want to watch football. I'd totally rather work on a Sunday night # start up
Not leaving until nearly midnight now. Spiffing! Delighted by this.
I think Tim Peel is the best ref ever..well maybe just bhind Kerry Fraser..  #Suck It Peel He has been so bad I havent noticed Bob Cole
The Awkaward Momen when your  is so advanced .. people actually think you are stupid .. :P
Moodi deserves the Oscar more than Leo
Hmmm with all these errors the Rangers are making maybe the turf at the Rogers Centre isn't that bad after all!  #Blue Jays
I love how my phone randomly locks itself,and takes screenshots of my lock screen it's super cool  #Fix It Apple
People in Canada don't grow up with baseball so they have a hard time reacting to foul balls... # m e r i c a
So basically my whole family is going to be gone for thanksgiving... Great i love spending thanksgivings alone
Was that supposed to be flirting? Is this where we all say they make a cute couple?  #Richonne4 Eva #PFTWD #TWD #The Walking Dead
We play the steelers tomorrow goodie
Dear Harold Reynolds. If Jays extend series to Game 5 don't forget your parka and snowshoes. #Blue Jays
Hey #Harold Reynolds! We'll talk the walk! That's a run right? Not sure since I'm # Canadian & all...didn't grow up with # baseball .
didn't grow up playing baseball, not good at catching foul balls. sorry, i'm canadian! # b l u e j a ys # come together
Healthy "snack" right there on screen from the Rangers' game.
It’s not like OBJ is one of the best WRs in the game, go ahead and let him run free.
Teresa's priorities in prison.. Gia's makeup, fancy parties, and Joe's abs. Nice to hear she's changed, no?  #RHONJ
Great a takeover cause that always works perfectly, right # o u at
#OUAT Lancelot? Back from the dead huh? Surprise, surprise.
Charming at the round table? Whaa? So didn't see that coming #Once Upon A Time # Charming
Met a lovely cam whore on here. What a treat.
Let's just bench the whole offense beside Emmanuel while we're at it. Am I right?
Can't believe the judge is making Joe walk ALL. THE. WAY. to the bus stop. Heartless.  #RHONJ
Hooray the mismatched red caps with the home whites.  #ALDS
Hot dogs are offensive. Don't be a hot dog this Halloween
3 power outages on the same day?$!?$. Chennai EB surely knows how to make dreams come true...
Wow -- that was such a close Dallas Cowboys game. A nail biter! # ha ha #Cowboys Nation
Today was the first time I saw a dead rat. That was fun.
And THAT'S why Demaryius Thomas is being paid all that jack. :)
Wow that Weeden- McFadden connection is something else! # bench weed en
And it's 1:15am again... I have to get up at 6. Yaaazzz # Goals
I don't care what you say about Gruvia. If your opinion is different than mine then you're wrong. # sort of
Broncos DB's hammering anybody who dares catches the ball near them. Defense carrying Peyton...as usual.
Rodgers stated he liked over-inflated footballs. Since 12/2012, no INT at home. PSI now monitored. 2 INTs today. #Deflate Gate
Related... suuuuper glad I preordered from Amazon. Didn't even ship til 2 days after release.
Actually I blame Woodson for not returning those 2 INTS for touchdowns
Pats have really struggled since Hightower went out of the game
Good thing Cowboys settled for that FG on their last possession.
I so love when people tell me what's gonna happen in something I'm watching before it even happens # not really # s t f u
Dallas, your tackling was brilliant!  #How Bout Them Cowboys #NFL #DFS
Cowboys probably rethinking kicking that field goal. But that's ok because we needed the points. #N Evs D A L # d all as cowboys
Lacy, C.J Anderson and Alshon Jeffery my 3 first #Fantasy Football picks. For free # tips don't hesitate to sent me a tweet. #NFL
Whaaat? Carr got torched on a crucial 3rd down by a scrub wr? Now I've seen everything #Cowboys Nation
well thank you i needed to cry today, this was perfect, let's not do it again ok  #Graceland T V
Had my first anxiety attack the other day.... Good times
Hey lets throw it 2 yards on 3rd and 4. # cowboys # winning football
Wow that running play on 1st down was completely unexpected.
Correa is only 21??? Wow had no clue.
"Amazing catch by Larry Fitzgerald!" - Announcer Um, first time I've ever heard that.  #A Zvs D E T
Manning put to much on that pass for DT to handle.
Did Tom Brady get sacked or something? With this announcer I couldn't tell. # Pat riots
it's a lot of fun pretending like I don't give a shit # beyond belief
At least we lost Jamaal during a win # u g h # Chiefs
Wow refs, I'm glad you decided not to throw any flags today
I'm glad we get Phil Simms twice a week now.
Hi My name is Yaysus!!!! Nice to meet u. :)
Manny Sanders is on pace for 57 catches today.
If we had Justin Blackmon and Josh Scobee we would be 5-0..
Wow, all the calls going against the # cardinals after the botch in Seattle last week against the lions, I'm so shocked
when they pick a low life drug dealer instead of you >>>>>>
Did the Bears trade Alshon and not tell anyone? # p agin gm r je f f re y # d o n t s e n d m e n a s t y t w e e t s
We Usually Tend To Tease The Ones We Love
Editing this weeks Videos And feeling like Poop # A we some comb nation #Never Give Up # Ad apt and overcome
I feel like I actually watched the entire first quarter. Thank you CBS! # cowboys
Great win by # B r owns ! Not sure how they did it without Johnny.
I can't believe those drivers just keep complaining about the oil on the track when there wasn't any!  #NASCAR
thank you CBS for puttin on the Denver and Oakland game because I wanna watch the Raiders than the Patriots
Oh the #Detroit Lions scored a touchdown. Yay! They're Super Bowl bound now. Haha.  Ok enough negativity about the Lions.
Watching the two middle aged folks make out & smoke in the car in front of me during a traffic jam >>> # awesome # smells nice
I can already tell this is gonna be a good week
Yay CBS is showing the OT of Cleveland and Baltimore instead of the Cowboy game....
Boy its a good we're open till 5. MAD THANKSGIVING RUSH # k a p pa # rip in pepper on is
I broke my glasses ! Today was a good day
The # Chiefs just find ways to lose. Well done. #DFS #NFL
Yeah but I still think Jimmy Clausen deserves to start you guys right? # Bears #C H Ivs K C
It's so cool how on the weekend everyone's in town I have to work back-to-back doubles.
Passive aggressive comments on how I parent will definitely make me want to be around you more. # not # p is sed
Thanks Kirk Cousins for giving the Falcons their win. I really appreciate it!
People: "Love is love" Me: "WOOOOW.. Deep.."
I just wanna thank everyone who went to ACL and snap chatted 500sec on their story, I felt like I was there! Thank yall so much!
#CUTLER!!!!!! Never doubted the guy!!! # compulsive liar
Excellent time management again in Arrowhead.
So glad a sat Doug Martin at the last second #Fantasy Football # last place man a g men t
But you left too much time on the clock for Cousins. # dead skins
Ooooohhhhhh they've pushed the boat out with this final by upping it to staggerng 5 legs! Surely they can't handle that!  #BDO
Good job, Patrick, for slowing down your teammate!!! # s m h #Bof A500 #NASCAR
Trending news shows cricket update... Holy God knows what that is supposed to be... # anti cricket # is l #EPL
Don't worry Arsenal fans. You have Ballon d'Or nominee, Ospina, to help you against Bayern and Lewandowski.  #Youre Really Fucked
3 consecutive 300 yard passing games. Can you say GOAT? # B r owns
The # Titans gave up a big play # Shocked
So Aaron Rodgers has three turnovers, what a bum, get him out of there. # Packers
My #Sunday Funday includes a migraine, laundry, cleaning, and cooking.... # fun # lame
Winston just gave the tackler five! #Too Soft
The character Natalie Portman plays is literally me. #No Strings Attached # lack emotion
When everything is obscure in life, it's time to get your eyes checked... # quotes #Quotes Of The Day
Oh snap! He made a kick past 23 yards......  #Eagles Talk
I've looked forward to the thrilling X factor of fishing on bbc2 all week,especially after I heard Fogle had agreed to present it.
So glad to have a kicker that misses PAT's.
JIMMY GRAHAMS A PILOT????? I had no idea
1 and out? C'mon Offense... how's this defense supposed to get a breather? #Time Of Possession # Eagles Talk # Eagles
Sometimes some # v e g a n s ' posts which are ironic shouldn't have been posted cause # c a r n i s t s won't get they're # irony # v e g an # v e g an ism
Yeah....growing up is also an option to loose creativity. # just saying
Spotify wasn't working so I was FORCED to buy Hamilton what a TRAGEDY to have the music at my disposal ALWAYS
I really don't think James Jones completed "the process". He caught a pass and did not secure it as he went to the ground.
Thank god the Browns have 3 FG's today we are still in it!
Joe Flacco running like Berry Sanders out there.. #C L Evs B A L
No worries. 5 more field goals and we are in the lead # B r owns
The best way to lose creativity is to find a job...which doesn't include your creative brain.
Great job whaley gettin moore, he sure did help the punt game # Bills
Nice tackling by Bengals number 20.
Guys utley apologized lets forgive him and move on  #ihate Chase
Is dumervil questionable to return? I didn't see an update
Wow refs really good spots this game  #S E Avs C I N
Looks like the #B U Fvs T E N game is something else. Glad I recorded it.
Man seeing the Chiefs whiling the Bears makes me feel so good
Apparently, I've "angered " the idiot, Gay Liberals in Atlanta by my last tweet. Oh no. What shall I ever do?
I love that people sing about fat girls but then that people becomes to skinny girls wowwwww
Wow. That's Aaron Rodgers' first interception at home since.... the first quarter.
I e been telling you all year Jacob Tamme and Freeman are the Falcons two best players.
What a lovely Sunday this is
Who's that guy who just caught that pass for the # Sea hawks ?
N league walon ka abhi se celebrate karna is baat ka saboot hai k ye elections rigged hain aur pehlay se scripted hain  #NA122
Was there a red sky tonight? Not seen any pictures.
Oh look. A rare FG attempt by the # B r owns .
king.. No one can do better than him.. #Salman Khan #BB9WithSalman KhanTonight
The most fucked up joke life will play on you is letting you meet the right person at the wrong time.. # life
Win or Lose: Chip Kelly will admit his mistakes after the game and give fans a new found respect for him as a coach.  #Eagles Talk
Weird - Michael Bennett called for encroachment. That never happens.
Just a warning to the female public. 99% of men are rapists.
Trying to find a topic for my race and ethnicity class two days before it's due should be easy # help
When the Chiefs score a TD but it isn't Maclin, Kelce, or Charles #Fantasy Problems
It's 3 and 13. I know. Let's run the ball. # great call #S E Avs C I N
Yay. Bradford is still playing.  #Eagles Talk
Wait, so Edythe gives Beau the choice that Edward denied Bella for 2+ books? Yep, that screams gender equality. #Twilight Reimagined
When u think everything is set and u are ready but the other moment bunch of undone work jumps into ur brain # enjoy thug life
Boy, Nick Foles is good. I see why the Rams wanted him.
Wow. I love that choice of playing Tim Jennings over Alterran Verner. # Bucs #J A Xvs T B
So glad Donte Washedupner is so good in coverage.
Hey. Know what's cool? Chipping your front tooth the same week you have to present a paper at a conference. # lots of swear words
Wow Cutler is looking good today. # bears
Nigel Owens to Heaslip after that penalty goes France's way: "Are you aggrieved?" "Yeah" "Well, that's a first!"  #RWC2015
Connor Barth had a real hard time kicking that ball for a touchback....
Spending Sunday rearranging the bedroom and cleaning.. # fun
I knew that soft under belly of the Rams would show up!!
Well, since the flyers and Eagles seasons are over, who's excited for the sixers? # go birds #butwhatthefuckwasthatplayon4thdown
Mobile phone is "KO" for now... absolutely need to be "OK"... #Every Day Happier
Thanks NFL for the array of games today at 1:00 # n f l s u x
Tonight I will be training someone who makes more money than me, working the same job. #ILOVEMYJOB
Great to see we're off to a great start with penalties
Draft Kings sponsoring the NFL? Never of heard of them. Wonder what they're all about.
Sorry that you don't know how to read a menu and got pissy at me for it... But thanks for the 70 cent tip. It really made my day
Toyota already dominating another #NASCAR race..what a fucking surprise
How come Jimmies car doesnt have a yellow spoiler this week?
And now O'Connell's gone off injured. Marvellous.  #RWC2015
Can this day go by just a little bit slower?
I love # wait ing so much! I can't describe how much I love wait ing ! Waiting is my favourite thing to do! # wait
Wow. Only just seen it now. Super creative of Outsurance to use the Apple vs PC adverts as a template for their new campaign.
Getting off at Sloane Square. Awkwardly trying to blend in without my silver spoon, fur and "rah yah rah yahs" #Middle Class Problems
Waking up to the sweet sound...of loud vacuuming # really # no sleep for anyone
Yeah...Marleau is definitely all washed up. I don't understand why he gets any ice time.  # SJSharks #Ducks Suck
Noooo! I can't deal with this amount of talent! # if you are the one
Cashed in BIG last night with a 4th place finish lining my pockets with #10 Big Ones # October f est
Damn. No paper yet. Wanted to see if while I slept my teams actually played better and won.
This must be the most exciting and surprising F1 season yet!! # b b c f 1 # formula one # boring
UGA should totally fire a coach who has a better winning percentage than the coach who last won a natl champ for us  #Ignorant Fans
You know what's awesome? Getting sick. # shoot me
i hate it when my dad's jeep's alarm goes off at 9:00am. it's really annoying... # first world problems
Love waking up super early on the weekend!!
Thanks guys, you really helped me with video ideas today... # g r e a t s u b s c r i b e r s # joking # love you
Reps should pick T rump 4 #Speaker Of The House. Since he's going to be so great at Pres, why not start now? # T rump 2016 # T rump 4Speaker
The # B r owns can't win today w/o Dwyane Bowe in the lineup.
I love interrupted sleep and early awakenings.
Is Diamond a charm which lets two hearts stick together through this Lives?
Pitying Self with a tear in the corner of an eye,call for a film director to be cast in a potential role! #Actingki M A A  #Drama Queen
Love has got itself 'standards'. If Love buys Diamond its till 'pure eternity'!
That 6 from #ABD made all the difference #I N Dv S A
Rosberg out, Free Hamilton win, Grosjean out... well what a nice race so far  #F1
Yay to 3 hour backseat car rides while 7 months pregnant.
Lololololololol lololololololol. WTF. Bravo to both the batsmen and de Kock of course  #Indvs S A
Oh man.. It's over PRAISE THE LORD ALMIGHTY
O h h ow I love waking up in t h e middle of t h e nig h t to a sick c h ild # parent h ood # m a m a l o v e s j and h
Great way to start my morning
Britain now have duck lanes. This is clear discrimination against chickens #everydayalsogotreasontogetangry
Not sure what's a bigger surprise.. Whingecup not obeying team orders and ruining it for his team or the jets actually winning
So excited for Twitter scavenger hunt
The world totally needs more commitment phobe boys who will say & do anything to keep you around, but not call it a relationship
Mourning's End Part II. Best quest ever. I'm enjoying it immensely! # Run escape # Q u e sting # D rained
Friend: Hi Me: shut up, you talk too much. # diva # life
It promises to be the best birthday of my life.
Yay for waking up from having nightmares.
#69 Well, I guess we're all the nicest people in the world, aren't we? None of us could ever be capable of murder. # L o m b a r d e d
Oh,sure. Forget like nothing ever happened. Like you never stabbed me with your words.
This night just keeps getting BETTER and BETTER....
Breaking (Legs): Chase Utley has the sniffles and is not likely to make the trip to New York for games 3 & 4. # Mets # Dodgers
I hope there are even more body-shaming jokes made at Fat Amy's expense in the third movie. B/c those never get old.  #Pitch Perfect2
Impressed with Smiths performance after that terrible injury....  ...
Dodgers cheating and playing dirty to win! No way?!
Sorry, forgot that I'm not supposed to be human and make mistakes or anything. # worst daughter award
Wait Dempsey was playing...????? where the hell was he lmaoooo
So the Michigan-Florida national championship is inevitable right? # hopefully not
A love going to bed after my teams lose. Just love it.
Twitter exists to repeatedly point out the church's flaws  But think about what you are posting on social media.
Yeah instead of watching it live on tv, i would prefer to press refresh button every 2 mins  #Stickto U C Cricket
Addison Reed just gave up crucial runs late in a game? I am shocked....
That was sooooo out of character for Chase Utley. # d o d g e r s m e t s
Good to see the Dodgers still playing dirty. # d o d g e r s # ml b # postseason
Goff is looking so Rodgers-esque tonight!  #Draft Twitter Be Like
Disgusting slide by Utley. At least attempt to touch the bag. Dodgers going to be the Dodgers. Class personified
Goff is the best player for Utah football. # g o u t e s
Goff totally the best player on the field... TOTALLY...  #C A Lvs U T A H
What a charming tradition to scream a derogatory term at the opposing team's GK every goal kick. # bigotry #U S Av M E X
It's amazing this game is 1-1, you know with all those "chances" we've had.  #USMNT #C O N C A C A F Cup #U S Av M E X
Klinsmann's emphasis on fitness really showing today. # heavy legs
Is that a new song FSU band?  #M I Avs F S U
Tommy's always listening to me like a good boyfriend would
Yay 30 more minutes #C O N C A C A F Cup #U S Av M E X
The joy of an early morning class. #S C M H R Dxp
Possession IS over rated US. Nice job sharing the ball  #U S Av M E X
Gee, I have such great, caring, and loving friends. Please don't stop. *crickets*
Baby u could be a bad motherfucker but it doesn't make u the boss bitch # mood # bitch # a f
Lol, also remember when if you wanted a list to be striped you needed to do it in javascript? That was the best.
I'm glad USA continually keeps giving Mexico the ball...Really...
Thank you TCU for taking a knee I appreciate it
I love the TVs in hotel rooms..
This whole let's not possess the ball thing for the US is really working out well.  #U S Av M E X
They actually gave the USA a yellow? Shocking!
# Fantastic # weekend ( ) Sitting in my room doing absolutely noting! Why, you ask? I have no I idea.
If this Stacy Coley can get on the field, he could be good.
Even the Badgers haven't lost yet this season # f i r e l u c i a
What was that? An athletic pitcher making plays...wow! # baseball
Some people are so poor that all they have is money. -anonymous ( & # irony strikes hard when shaken not stirred together)
Of course # Turkey blocks its social media after the bombing. Everyone knows terrorists send bombs through Twitter # Turkey Attack
Man BA isn't any good at all......
I was such an emotional case at my niece's wedding this afternoon, I can hardly wait for next weekend.  #Mother Of The Groom
Phryne may be his favorite model, but did the pizza delivery guy hit on her tonight? Didn't think so # m f mm club
Bozie & Lups best SO scorers both missed. # Progress . But it was good game # L e a f s
Apparently we don't need a running game since our passing game is working out so well...  #MIZ #U Fvs M I Z Z
The new #NHL overtime format is a little dull for me... #Maple Leafs #T M L Talk  wow!!!
I'm sure Teena "selective memory" Mulder is exactly what you need to remember old events  #X F Rewatch Demons
as was expected, Coker's ability to run played a huge role in that short field drive.
When the party you get dragged to has like two people your age :) # ya y
Hope we come out and run the ball up the middle on 1st and 2nd again.  #WPS
Well Arkansas is wearing out. Didn't see that coming...
love that Chris & I get invited places
The big baddie for the last 2 episodes of #Dr Who isn't terrifying at all
Wow, that was some great defending by the US. # what was that #U S Av M E X
Fabian Johnson with a fabulous cross to no one
Seasons over pack it in.. # is les
Ummm this just in.... This # S y n der g a ad guy is pretty good. # Mets # post season
Guys, relax! Right now Chiarelli is trading Nikitin and Ference for Weber. # Oilers
OK I've definitely missed stuff. So glad the commercials are streaming fine.  #Doctor Who
7 - 3 middle of the 3rd quarter. #S E C Nation # power house
Oh how I love a day in bed with a migraine. Oh how wonderful it is.
Let's see what the exciting Bama offense is gonna do next!!!!
Michigan hasn't played anyone, so outscoring ranked opponents 71-0 matters not.
Guess that means tonight going to be great...
Vols fans everywhere: "Butch Jones is the best hire ever" Where was this enthusiasm the past few weeks?
I didn't know you could tackle a guy as he tries to get to the QB... Isn't that like a holding or something?! # Uh h # Face palm
Fatshaming is real! Durh! I get it all the time in front of the mirror! # s ha hir ant # body positive # struggle is sur real
Surprised they didn't find a way to credit Tori with Heather Locklear's casting, too. #Unauthorized Melrose
Okay that's cool too. So glad I considered us really good friends.
Tonight I get to shoot zombies with paintballs and pee my pants from being scared. Yay haunted field of screams. ?
Politics is always a good topic to talk about over drinks
Yay!! Goal 2 Start planning the cup parade  #T M Ltalk
Alexei Emelin with a low hit on the # B ruins Patrice Bergeron. Completely out of character for him.
#B T N Live nice replay. That was what we wanted to see
Remember the purpose of the church and gospel is American patriotism....
I wish Parise would work hard.
absolute fantastic reffing in this game right now # B ruins
So this # L e a f s game is super fun...
Philly losing 0-5 to Panthers, so we're good.
Fun fact: my fire alarms start to beep after the power has been out for 2 hours. # convenient
# Oilers it's almost like they have a coach that knows what he's doing. #Dallas Eakins
They've jumped offsides twice already...I'm sure wasting a timeout on D in the 1st can only improve things... #B Y Uvs E C U
Pull Kinkaid! He sucks! Bench Tootoo! Fire Hynes!
Tennessee fans chanting "it's great to be a Tennessee Vol?" How original!  #I Hate Tennessee
so thankful my bf is a Tennessee fan
Wow I've been a heavy social media user lately
Happy that the PAC 12 refs are so amazing. Gosh, how do they ever make some of those calls.
Serious huskers. Wow, we're awesome. # H u s k e r s # college football
I find it to be just SLIGHTLY fucking pathetic that there are people who check my social media more than me. Pshhh # you look pathetic
I love the adjustments Paul Rhoads made at halftime # c y c l ones
I like how everyone is dabbing too
my night off has essentially been spent doing uni work and my SEA award which isn't even compulsory to my course # student of the year
First run by him all day. Wouldn't do that again
We are LOADED with talent at QB! # G a m e c o c k s
I can't wait to own a car that can bluescreen.
To be fair, Jamie has been injured for 90% of his career and probably doesn't know how to adequately field a bunt # s t l cards # mess
Good thing they didn't flag Green for targeting.
Wow, I just got bitched out by 13 year olds on Club Tortimer Island. Wonder why I didn't go there earlier?
WE deserved that win! Finally something goes OUR way! # biz on nation
TV announcers, "We don't believe in make up calls do we?" #GBR # H u s k e r s
What a beautiful day to not give a fuck about anyone... # sat u r day fun day # mood
Fournette may hurt himself running through holes like that, probably should sit out and declare for the NFL now....
Just a reminder. Cowboys are playing the Patriots tomorrow so yah…it should be a good day.  #Cowboys Nation
Phone issues are the best aren't they! Reminder to self ...don't ever drop it again!!!
When all Leidner has to do is hand the ball off he looks fine. # Go p hers
Is this "make you respect us again" Saturday?? #causetheyallhavetohavenames
Whoever gave my name, number and address to the Mormon missionaries... # Thanks
Another missed call by #Darth Ritter # i n c o n c e i v able
Wow I'm shocked Harbaugh is a great coach & the niners suck without him & Michigan is instantly turned around
Maybe they should review that. I don't think he got in.
A blown call with #Darth Ritter officiating. #No Way
Interpretative dance & cat's chorus. Nice to see my lotto money is going to such worthy causes
So insurance covers boner meds but we're still fighting over birth control coverage and other reproductive rights. # seems fair
Prominent male scientist has been harrasing women.I think what is now needed are some comments from Dawkins.
Just get to halftime. We all know the staff will make adjustments.
I love watching talking heads #IMKONA versus the actual race
What? A touchdown against Shelton? Really? # B a d g e r s # no sun day play
Can't help but feel this has been a complete waste of a day off.......and what a fun Saturday night that has been!
Jabril Peppers is a bum. # du de cant catch though
# luck of their is h is not a good thing. At best its . Like saying 'Sam your personality has the possitivity of an AIDs test'.
Holding App State to a FG = moral victory # g s u football
That's the Mitch Leidner, Manning Passing Academy graduate, I've been waiting to see! #Gopher Football
Told you he'd get a hat trick! #Better Than Savea
Does reverse psychology work on your body? I love throwing up, fevers, lightheadedness and generally feeling awful. # f ml
Meek mill not nominated for an EMA but Nicki and Drake are nominated :| # Shock
MICH 21, NW 0. At least Fitz isn't getting his butt kicked by an academic peer school.
Sitting outside my house with my horse waiting for my mom and her trailer to come is fun ig.
I'm so glad Danny care didn't even make the bench whilst we were still in the #RWC2015
# H u s k e r s off to another great start. End of 1st qtr & Foltz already has 4 punts. He only had 9 last week. On pace to top that #GBR
You look reaaalll busssy to me
Ok... Georgia and Tennessee, why don't you try to kill or injure each other on the football field before the day is over?  #SMH
The Wynne govt is such a smashing success, clearly u would reward # l p c with similiar results. # on p ol i # c d n p ol i # e l x n 42
Wow, just seen the video of the big fight before the game. Good job Wigan and Leeds fans, doing # rug by league proud #SLGF #SLGF2015
Off to a great start. #N Dvs Navy
Win or lose...I'm just excited I get to hear Vern call another game  #GBO #VFL
Deciding whether u watch Star Wars in cinematic release or chronological order with your kids. One of life's true # tough decisions
Who has two thumbs and is super excited to watch a bunch of triple option football? This guy.  #GOIRISH
MK was just asked at #Pit Pass what his favorite thing is about the track here at Charlotte... He smirks and says "the weather"
One more for a bonus point. .
Good to see England are winning now we have nothing to play for!  #Rugby World Cup
This just proves that the # Big 12 is the best conference.. You just never know. #SEC
Should Texas be in the top 10 now since they won? That's his the rankings go right?
If they had a ranking for 4-loss teams, Texas would definitely be #1
Dear # prednisone thanks for making my skin so thin and dry that it just randomly splits open. # o u c h :(
Wow I can't believe how smooth that drive went with JT at QB...
“You're stubborn- anyone ever tell you that before?” ― Carrie Ryan # quotes
#ANDBEL That football field is AMAZING
Shout out to IU football for giving up 2 rushing TD's to a non-mobile QB!
We should run that wildcat play more, always works  #U V Avs P I T T
I love being the DD on a Saturday night for my parents. wouldn't wanna be doing anything else. .
All buckeye fans make sure you tweet at the players after the game and tell them they suck #Buckeye Nation
Why do friends insult each other sarcastically and rivals complement sarcastically? They're both belittling. And  is easily missed.
Homework on Saturday is so much fun.... # no its not
Thanks for ticking me off...you really are trying to make me have a good day.
It's beautiful outside. Can't wait for rainy Homecoming.
Dinocroc Vs Supergator Horror Channel +1 absolute classic
Love when I buy candles that make me sneezy # smells good # allergies
When u r on Twitter & u press home button so that u can open something else but u again press Twitter icon cuz u r lost in thoughts
Kansas putting up a heck of a fight against Baylor..... # its a blow out
Wanna feel super motivated? Watch people finish a half-marathon. Does wonders for the self-esteem. #0 point 0 stick e r on my car
Oh good. A field goal. #O Uvs T E X # no shut out # small victories
Man, these Sooners look awesome. # Oklahoma # Texas #Red River Rivalry
Good job picking up the corner there
Families can be such a blast. #Step Turkey Day
My chinese friend died last week. So Yung.  AllTheWay
Wow! Someone from Korean speaking English! -_-; Peoples tweets are so full of shit. # Worlds
Boy, really hope they put Cardale back in. #J Tisawinner # obvious #Go Bucks
Being ignored is one of my favorite things ever!
Its the most.. Wonderful time... Of the year... #LPS
Idk why the Indians are so damn scared about playing with us Abay Malik Ke Susraliyon Ab Tou Lala ODI Se Retire Hogaya
love jumping through 500 million hoops in order to make skype quit AND leave my screen when I close out of it. # the actual worst
Watching # Buck eyes on #VipBox.tv since the #1 team in the country doesn't get Nat'l coverage on #ABC #ESPN or #CBS #Go Bucks
Yeah...thanks TTC for putting out those subway closures announcements a week in advance.
Love Eddie Butler. So reminiscent of the great Bill McClaren!!!! ;-) #WALAUS
Everybody has the Right to be Ugly but some People are abusing The Priviledge.
I think I'm making home made beef Jerkey next weekend! 8 lbs should net me .075 lbs of good Jerkey
Love chavs on the bus # t w a t s
Button Mash is sure more present now. I wonder why.  #MLP5
Story time with Pris. Them embarrassing moments. Don't you like them? # best moment ever
OMG HARRY SAID LOUIS NAME FUCK LARRY IS REAL IM SCREAMINGV
I love staying at hotels where the Internet from my cell signal is stronger/faster than the in-house wifi.
And then she says she understands the cost of living and how most of us can't afford the day to day essentials! hmm OK # n i k k i r e e d
yo que estoy tan excited por ver las clases!!! hasta popcorn hice
When all else fails just blame the DHKPC... # Turkey
pcharag When # face book n # T wit t e r is short of jokes, #Rahul Gandhi gave us a public speech. #BJP #A A P Walks The Talk
Seeing this morning that North lost 51-7 and playing with them guys for 3 years I've seen the talent but you know the Wing T works
When # face book n # T wit t e r is short of jokes, #Rahul Gandhi gave us a public speech. #BJP #A A P Walks The Talk
At swimming and diving. Just saw a girl hit wall, probably concussed. These violent sports have to stop! End them all!
You know you're in for a good day when you tilt your head back and can hear movement in your sinus cavity.
Don't you just love when people ignore you as a streamer unless you're partnered?
If you eat beef you will be killed. My wonderful secular fake-development-propaganda-spreading-country. # India
#S C Ov S A M is an affront to rugby. Game all about kicking for position not free flowing running and passing. I want a 9-7 result!
Good thing it's fall so AC in my car isn't so important. # lies # fuck .
Communal Kejriwal just killed secularism by ousting a poor gullible member of an under-represented peaceful minority!
Trying apple blossom deserts. Have a feeling it's going to be a "nailed it" moment
Nothing more fun and relaxing than getting through check in and security at MCO. So giddy Saturday # travel
Good thing I left super early to head west on Queen. The # t t c is amazing today
When people ask if Thorn is a boy or a girl... Yes, because my boy dog is gonna wear pink. He would wear red tbh
omg, the civil conflict is today! #So Turnt
I’m not bitter. I hope he does very well.
This is so happening... NOT! AllTheWay # f ml
"Signs your hungover at work" with an article came up on my TL. I'll definitely hit that link.
Keep calling him Just in , not at all petty nor childish. # Harper # Just in # eye roll
At a new vet today with Mr. Whiskers. He's doing great with them!! Well, ok, he hasn't but anyone ... Yet! #Sweet Cat Problems
#VW # s c and al it was one # rogue # engineer says # lawyer # to mm y f lana g an # t hats the ticket # j o n l o v i t z # s n l we were born yesterday
"Go check my Twitter bitches" that's what I think when my school gals are around & they try to act cooler. Huh. # thug student
One of the most awesome things about having super early risers for kids is how often we arrive to a store that's not open yet.
I chose not to go to the Tory party conference, luckily Radio 4 seem to be putting on an extra one # a q # any questions
My golf is really impressive at the moment!
Running a Saturday with 3 girls... Why the hell not # serve r life # here we go
My girlfriend woke me up this morning and then proceeded to get mad at me for being tired. I love when she's on her period
Gotta grocery shop today. Yay. Being an adult!
1700+ miles this past week - nothing like being home on Michigan roads.
Working Saturday mornings is my favorite thing to do
Why would I even care? You don't even care for me. Oh! wait! except for my flaws. Thanks.
Rape, kill, harass and act according to your awful principles, BUT DON'T YOU DARE CRITICIZE YOUR KING/PRESIDENT/SHEIKH/GOVERNMENT.
can improve your IQ. NO KIDDING!! # is hit you
Get sick just before exams, thanks you soar throat you have immensely good timing!
In # Ma lays i a , zebra crossing is used for people to stop their motorbike while the traffic light is red.
Hello again 5:00am Noon Kickoff Gameday alarm...How I've missed you...So glad your back in my life...  #But Its Gameday Though
It be cool if they can tell you, their fucking around with you. that be very much appreciated. # quote # life # en t re p re ne u r
Glad I was wide awake so I could feel that earthquake.
So my # Dolphins have a bye week...is there still a chance they may lose? LOL
Oh I'll just say some old 90's TV show quote with things I dislike/love and become internet famous. # what is cool # blues clues
Whoop whoop, 4 hours at ballet with my girls. # ballet dad
just got myself the flu. it's super awesome!
So having my first anxiety attack was fun # wt f # never again
That feeling of studying sometimes is just so awesome and u feel u already topped in classss #Thug Life # thug student
An ad for Paranormal Activity before a children's nursery rhyme video on YouTube. Perfect! # slow clap # silly ads
Boss: Beef up this report. Employee. No sir. I can do anything else but cannot 'beef' up the report. That's too risky. # satire
I love having friends in town and barely being able to see them # work is life # tennis is work # tennis is life
Yes, I would love a migraine on top of these cold/allergy symptoms. And less sleep, as well.....
I tell you what, just to satisfy you, we'll start from scratch, eh?  #MI5 #UK
'The # Nor mans are the true # English ' 'n that! Top marks, there!
Its fucking 2:44a.m.....nicezzZ # cool kids dont sleep (netflixing)
I just love feeling like the last thing on a checklist..
Saturday morning at work! Nothing better :) # Saturday
Dodger fans showing me lots of "love" LMAO!
Come out to Toast! Because I love hanging out by myself at a bar
Hmm, installed WebOS 9.01 on my iphone. Wait, is this i O S? Anyways, # web os is a great copy of #i O S wait, it's the other way around
Thaaaanks for being there for me, friend.
Oh, good. A # F and u e l ad. All is well.
# Dodgers really good at not getting on base. Good job boys! # i give up #shouldvejuststartedchaseutley #L A Loves October
LRT: well now I feel safer
I was just called fake If I'm fake? Then what about this boob job I just got done? # ha ha ha
I love the 7 pin # Bowl in g
Kershaw really sucks in the postseason. This might be his worst game ever
Fun fact: Volador & Mistico are great friends in real life.
"Oh, no, Netflix raised their prices by one dollar! We're all gonna die!"
If that black in their uniform doesn't save that franchise I don't know what will # Coyotes #Bettman Blows #NHL #L A Kvs A R I
Strikeouts are hard to come by in LA tonight.
Parents are fun. Especially when they're emotionally abusive and threaten to hurt my dog # fun times # my life
i apologize for being human and finding the tv and music playing simultaneously annoying. what is WRONG with me?!
Poor Bill Cosby. All 50 of these GILFs are lying. # Date line
Easy on Cuddyer...sun was in his eyes # fail # Mets
2-12, down by 20, with 12min to go... Still a chance, right? # Riders # p layoffs
So much for going undefeated. We'll never please the playoff committee like that. #CBJ
Yeah because when we argue I sleep so great..
Did we win? Did we win? No eh? How about the Jays? Not them either? Great night for Toronto teams!  #Dont Panic Yet
RedScareBot: McCarthy wuz right? RT brianmccarthy16: Swimmerwoad Socialism has worked out GREAT for Europe, let's try it here too!
Was anyone else kinda hoping an episode of 2 Broke Girls was about to come on?
Rosenthal is the man!!! Struck out the greatest player to ever live!!!!
McCarthy wuz right? RT brianmccarthy16: Swimmerwoad Socialism has worked out GREAT for Europe, let's try it here too!
Please continue playing fantasy sports games, our employees need the extra cash.
Another real mile and a half #NASCAR thriller
$30 gets you in the all you can eat pavilion for Game 1 of the # Dodgers game. Bet that place is RABID tonight!
Saw a man eating chicken today. How dare he?! Hen is considered holy in my religion! He does not deserve to live. MUST KILL HIM!
Oh good, for a minute there I thought Kitty, 3, was going to use toothpaste instead of Lotrimin to brush her teeth. # overnight
Thank You Dodgers for making this a long ass drive.
The Redwings aren't that good......  #Go Wings
I'll be honest I'm not even watching the Wings game. Larkin doing good huh?
Well...nice to see that resigning Bernier to the Leafs is paying dividends! # clue less management
Nothing says Friday night like the WNBA Finals. Thank you God!! Woo!
Don't you love it when people show their true colors when you make a big change in your life?
I just love it when people ignore you (deff. purposely)!! # why
Everybody out at 3:30 except 7 of us...how did we get so lucky?
I love to over think. It's my favorite thing.
I bet that new Paranormal Activity movie will be the good one. ( )
I survived. Thanks for your concern # thanks t wit t e r # not really
Interesting when 'friends' lie about something to another 'friend' & that person believes it w/o even checking to see if it's true
We are really making Lackey work for this.
JET SWEEP TO START THE OFFENSE! BRILLIANT! # H o k i e s
And cue the number 1 goalie arguments between Bernier and Reimer, nah I say put Gardiner in net ...
I have a thought! Let's have no restrictions on guns and give them out like candy. I wonder if things would change at all?
Student Section on point Great turn out.
I love how my Friday night is me playing taxi picking up my brother and dinner for every one
Oh how I love it when customers throw their money at me when they purchase something #Perks Of Being A Cashier
Thinking about going to a Gun, Knife and F-15 Show this weekend. Don't tell # Bid en but they may have some tanks AND bazookas, too!
lol i love it when people unfollow me:) like oh shit sorry please forgive me for my honesty
S/O to all the pinch hitters that strike out looking. # you make me happy
Laughing is not my defense mechanism. Sooo not.
My neighbour has a tap dancing elephant or having better sex than me. I love living in an apartment
The thing I love most about Atlanta is our amazing traffic.
I literally joke 99% of the time so if you're not strong enough to endure my  w/o getting offended then you can exit. #Bye Girl
Having strangers ask me what's wrong since I'm not married never gets old
The Express at it again with well informed, always bang on the money long range weather forecasts.
Working on my truck is exactly how I wanted to spend my Friday night
Thanks Facebook, I had absolutely no idea when my dads birthday was!
Let me tell you, sprinting to Penn with a sp rain ed ankle in the middle of a deluge was everything I've ever dreamed of. # rain
My Internet at home is acting up? Since when? # what a joke
Day 4 of this headache... perfect timing being as I need to spend the next 72 hours studying
I can feel abs forming from all the coughing attacks that have been happening to me #reasonswhyilove Fall
Nevermind, Toronto, the # L e a f s play later tonight
#Breaking News #V W Gate # c e o says # corporate cafeteria worker had idea for # diesel gate or not ? # m s m # blame game in full swing # i t m
I bet if the rest of the fraternity had guns to protect themselves this shooting wouldn't have happened at NAU.
Hahahaha, I love when people get way too aggressive about something that will bother me more than it will bother them.
Love getting punched out when pitch trax shows the ball is WAY INSIDE. come on #MLB.
Twice in ONE DAY. No gun problem in the U.S. # Um p qua # Lafayette shooting #Texas Does It Big3in1week #The List Goes On...
Gotta love when the umpires start playing the damn game!!! like seriously you wanna play lace up grab a bat and a helmet. # Ugh
Boy, I love it when the school loses Internet for a few hours to install an update... #What The Heck Wilkes #2 slow 4 me
Does the DEA give itself a huge pat on the back when they bust ppl for marijuana? #stayingaheadofthedruggame # its a plant # l e g a l i z e
Too much decorum. Gotta love it.
If you're a Blue Jays fan, you outta be proud of Donaldson. He brings such class to your team.
I hope the 49,000+ at the Dome have enjoyed watching the Carapazza #Ump Show.  #Blue Jays
psychiatrist appts, therapy appts, doctor appts! wow . I feel so great.
But guys, we NEED to keep the human element alive in baseball when it comes to balls and strikes! # C a r a p a z z a #Come Together # J a ys
Idk about you but that pep rally really got me pumped up
Thank goodness we are seeing the REAL Johnny Cueto today
Going to the park # excited – at Freedom Park Trail
Man that was difficult good thing you didn't send him earlier gibbons #Blue Jays
I'm so excited to be sick over break because of being out in the cold rain with band.
Oh a pop up .. I forgot what that looked like ... #Blue Jays
Time to play the EAids Sports masterpiece which is Fifa 16 to get over the shambles of Slovakia letting me down on a big acca win.
Nothing says friday like 5 tests
And the weekend shall be uneventful. Yay.
Two school shootings in one day.Yeah...no changes need to be made. Carry on like usual. # time for change #WTF # s t o p t h e k i l l i n g s # Peace
You say you don't have enough gun violence in your life where you live? Try America more guns then people...  Frustrated Mess!
"Male Empowerment Network".... because men really need even more opportunities for success than women.
Who is interested in taking a # Y o g a for #Self Defense class? I will be teaching one in the future....
YEA CUETO! SO GLAD WE GOT YOU! # R o y a l s #Were Done
Sure glad we gave up Finnegan and Lamb for Cueto.
With Lacey's record surprised he didn't go to the TMO.
I'm not a complete idiot, some parts are missing.
We're really gonna rip it in euros aren't we?
Never mind, the "get a hair cut" chant proved me wrong. # R o y a l s
Don't you love it when you have sneaky wet poops and you're afraid to fart? #Poop Tweets  #Chocolate Rain
Don't you just love it when you see somebody you don't like.  #Nobody Loves It
ITV swapping Andy Townsend for Glen Hoddle is absolutely genius
#Donald Trump 2 # Put in : 'u fire missiles n u hit Iran instead of # Syria ?!? you're fired!!!'
I'm so glad that you've cultivated a community where you encourage us to snitch on each other # teacher problems
Why, yes, Google Drive. Late Friday afternoon is a perfect time to be down.
I see a great $ making opp. Need to update my LinkedIn profile. Need to add: "I craft great B.S. apologies for the rich, & famous."
Because what's better than hearing Mariah Carey on loop whilst walking around in red Santa themed shirt # c h r i s t m as # super market life
But no, because who likes committed & happily married super heroes this days, hein?
Watching wwe and jeff hardy pulls out a big ladder. jerry said whats that for? Jr said to paint his garage.
I just love how other people are so considerate
Sorry I'm late to the chat but the crystal elevator from the ivory tower broke and my man wasn't available to carry me down
In a fucking marvellous mood # p is sed off now
So happy to be home with such happy people .
That Greg Hardy is one class act! # Cow boys This is known as Jerry's world talking about Elizabeth Taylor. What???? #NFL
I love seeing people who cheated on their quizzes and tests get good scores. IT MAKES ME FEEL JUST WONDERFUL
Apparently Shelby knows where my coat goes better than I do.  #Goofy Kid She has worked really hard today though. I'm proud of her.
Oh look, bd fanbaiting from andy swift... I'm shocked.  You realize they do it mostly to annoy US, right? Don't feed the trolls. LoL
Was using google docs to write at the library. Now it's not loading! Yay problems! :D # writer problems # am writing # was writing
There’s a girl with a backpack with wheels at my high school. Damn does she rock it.
My biggest fear is hanging out with you without being interrupted. # jealous boy friend # best friends
Hey, is this the first time a home team has lead in the postseason? No one seems to be mentioning that
I don't understand why the media criticizes the # go p as a middle-aged white man party... # speaker of the house
But really, we don't need gun control laws.
Yea because what your mom named you defines your qualification for a job.
Just realised 2016 - mums 65th, dads 60th and sisters 30th. At least their birthdays aren't close to each other #Fuck Off June
Two shootings in America today. Good going
It appears that # science has been fabricated by men/women in labs worldwide. The subjugation of # knowledge is evident.
Working hard to create a video of this awesome game
Just tonight to go until next weekend when I'm back on nights again, my boss fucking loves me
Going to Walmart....I'm sure it will be so fun....
Im like the nicest person u will ever meet
two school shootings in one day? nice!
Big Sam to Sunderland And the Newcastle faithful held him in such high regard
It was really nice to see how many people got up to give the guy with crutches a seat #0 people got up # people are cruel
3rd visit to the new eye doctor and my prescription still isn't right. I love switching doctors.
But what if I'm affiliated with a known local crip gang? May I still be able to listen to this? #The Documentary2
I too attend #Secret Conf but I don't advertise it... # face palm
MLB, great job trying to get people to watch playoff baseball. Friday afternoon, on MLB network. Just brilliant.
No Jon Jay?! We're screwed!  #12in S T L
I love being ignored by people who think they're better than me… That's my favorite!
Stomach's hurt for a few days now. Woke up with a cough. Can hardly breathe. Broken toe hurts. Today's a great day!
Yes mother I want to listen to Cliff Richard at full volume. Obviously.
I hate it when my  is so advanced people actually think I'm stupid.
I need a  emoji Make it so number 1.
Classes cancelled? Man what a heartbreaker.
When your 11 month old son discovers sticklebricks can be used as ukulele plectrums... Delightful!
Dear boss, thanks for checking in with H & I and yes....we'd love to work a FULL DAY (by ourselves) on this Fri of a long weekend.
SH Homecoming tonight honoring past hc royalty. Meet and greet at 6, VIP passes available in advance. # don t wanna go
Dude did you just cut me off so you can get to the red light before me # b r a v o is just another language I speak
Someone tape my mouth shut before I hurt myself getting snarky because  is my second language.
Tom Cruise is moving to Florida because he thinks Hollywood is full of fake people. Shocker.
Perfect time and day for the Rights Guide to crash my laptop
Too many Twitter geniuses now a days. It's nice to have a convo lads.
Something like 7 new followers in the last week. And I thought falling in love or making a 40 footer was exhilarating
but why did gas jump from 1.99 to 2.15 out of nowhere # thank so b am a
cold AND wet today. awesome. # frost advisory # o tt a w a # b r r r r r r # g r r r r r r
Having so much fun trying to build my website
Missing my train was obviously the best thing to happen to me today
Clearly all of those knocks to the head had no ill effects on Pete Rose
I love it when people wake me up from a good dream to do meaningless tasks to take away my slumber... # T g if
I love the changes to Michigan's pricing laws that don't make retailers honor prices when they mis-shelve items.
Is a # Romantic Dinner possible, when you have it alone?
I am so excited, I am barely breathing because Duncan Sheik has a new album out today! . Did you know he was still making music?
Obama releasing Criminals, Importing terrorist and trying to take away citizen's firearms. Yep sounds like a great thing for USA.
"Could not render showplan due to XML data type limitiations" : JSON will fix this too , right ?
I lost feeling in feet about 5 minutes ago # freezing office
Earthshaettering I know ....but sometimes things get too complicated in our heads...keep it simple
The much anticipated Thursday Night Football match-up: Hasselbeck v. Mallet & Hoyer--lived up to all the hype. #TNF rocks! #NFL
A working Saturday is just what i needed right now.
You pick the absolute BEST moments insomnia...
Well I picked a great game to miss
Another # school shooting # shocker when is this madness going to end?
Of COURSE more guns will fix mass shootings. If everyone kills each other, no more shootings! TA DA!!!  #Stop Gun Violence
I hear they're bidding out the House Speaker job on USAjobs, it will be bid as a GS 5/7/9/11...  #House Speaker
Studying history tells us the idea that Britain thought it was a new Israel, silly British dont you know America is the new Israel?
The Royals ground crew guy getting rolled by the tarp has become the "highlight" of last night. Fantastic...
I think every Fed member should give a speech every day until the rate hike. Because they clearly aren't talking enough.
One down one to go! # e x a m s # love un i
Someone on the Internet just called someone else 'ignorant'. This is a unique occurence.
No it wasn't their fault at all
Today is already looking like it's going to be such a great day # nurse life
Friend: did you know that-- Me: I dont know # sorry not sorry # i d k # Peace # literally
I'm so excited to lose our best person in a week since we're slammed now
Does anyone know how Kessel did in his first game with Pittsburgh?? # l e a f s # p e n g u i n s
Another shooting at a gun free zone? I thought gun free zones were invincible barriers that keep crime away!  #THEYDONTWORK
I just loveeee getting stuck behind semi's while driving
When people make their Twitter account but then are not able to be active cuz they feel it's not worth it and u feel proud
Happiness is when u can write all what u want in 140 characters and it does makes sense # T wit t e r # t wit t e r stories
I like to patch it, patch it!
When u try to hide the truth constantly but the other moment it's all revealed cuz u were trying to act normal but it didn't work
Right...more armed citizens with # guns will stop gun massacres at colleges & schools #BS
Awake since 2:30am... this is bound to be a good day. # sigh #Insomnia Sucks
Hey #Matt Barnes we all TOTTTTALLY believe you weren't there to cause trouble considering your track record.. # thugs are us # n b a
Such excitement so far during #FP2 #F1 #Russian G P
the way Indian political parties play divisive politics exploiting religious sentiments, they deserve a #Nobel Peace Prize !!
The Fact that Jellyfish have survived for 650 million years despite not having brains gives hope to many people. # quote # saying
Theo favorited my tweet and I'm obviously really really annoyed about it as you can imagine !!!!!!! :D #OMG # love you do r k # thank you
Just stabbed myself in the eye, looks like it's going to be great day # not really
When you wake up two hours before your alarm...sweet. # fuck yeah
We can all get laid and paid. Hmm.. is 5SOS promoting prostitution? # the youth of today # hey everybody
another school shooting...great. we still haven't done a single thing to prevent future ones # n a us hooting
Can't wait to hear what Steve Lomas and Stuart Pearce have to say on # K lop p #LFC
$ibb Wait until the "shorting season" c if any1 talks about gapping up then - oh yeah WallStreet dont care about killary talk
hahahahahahahahaha wow this is just great.
This lecture is gonna be great craic.
Being on a regular basis can add up to 3 yrs to your life. is extremely # healthy for the # mind .
I have hereby renamed the Ugg boot type shoe the "Ugh"...carry on # U g g s # fashion #White Girl Problems
Woke up early, to find a snake in the house.. Ain't that a wonderful wake up call?? .. Shit Just Got Real  #Fuck My Life #Bad Boys2
FIFA is disintegrating without Mr. Blatter in charge.
There's definitely a shortage of trap producers guys...  I'm bout to unfollow everybody on SC in a fucking minute.. lolol
Wait, Tim, you mean a marriage isn't supposed to involve compromises? Make it work. #Project Runway ?
I AM GOING TO SCHOOL ALL DAY AT MY BIRTHDAY!! WOHOOO # I wanna stay home and eat cake
Today in sports Mcdavid didn't score a goa(who cares)l, avs D still sucks D and Jays also decided to suck that D. yay. # sports
It's a good thing my kid wakes up at 6 am now, because I can't tell you how much I've always HATED sleep.  #ihavetowakeupinfivemins
I just love when companies talk about # d l c and season passes before a # video game is even released. # give me money
Yeah let's fucking get rid of Yak, what a bust, he had a giveaway, in the first game of the season nonetheless!!!
Girls? Minority races? Who cares! White guys who look different is all I ask, really.
Why don't skeletons have breasts how am I suppose to know that they're female????
Hasselbeck > Luck....  #Cant Overlook Him Though #Still Got It #TNF
Oh how I love being wide awake at 4am in the morning! # the joys of motherhood
So Indy wins again with Hasselbeck...a quarterback controversy perhaps?  #I N Dvs H O U
QB controversy in Indy. All Hass does is win. How do you bench the hot hand? I mean, cmon. #I N Dvs H O U # Colts
Oh my lawdy. I've got a gay porn bot following me. My life is complete.
I have seen Hindus, Muslims, Christians, Sikhs, Budhists, atheists, all honk at cows on the road #Ma Pe Horn Bajaya # Out rage
Cool I love empty nets, because we do so well with an extra man on the ice.. # p e n g u i n s #johnston Who?
3x kali ketemu rp Yein semuanya tipe yang --act like she is the cutest in the world but tbh it's kinda forced :p well,  srsly tho []
I forgot how hard it was to read something before you share it with the world.
If only I just leave everything to start a fresh, new life... Oh wait... you mean my baggage follows me until I deal with it?!
Guy did the ol' honk and drive by but he added an awkward little wave, too, so I feel like we have a real bond now
This 3-6 mile run tomorrow at 0400 should be awesome!
Phil Kessel is really making a difference.
I LOVE IT WHEN THE DESIGN TAB JUST DECIDES TO DISAPPEAR THAT'S SO GOSH DARN HELPFUL.
So far in having a lot of fun NOT playing the Battlefront Beta!
I love how having a jeep is a trendy thing to have.
Yeah....that 3-on-3 overtime is going to be really boring and unpopular.
It's Paris Games Week at the end of this month. Fingers crossed that Playstation announce Knack 2: Return of the Knack
My birthday was spent on a bus on the way to Kentucky with my team. Oh the joy!
The. Ross is still ass. What a shock!
Colby Rasmus hasn't changed a bit since his #S T L Cards days...
I see the # m n wild powerplay greatly improved.....
At least I had my phone for a week before I dropped it screen first on the ground. # bright side
LOL Shelby County Election Commission # Shock e r # V o t e 901
Anyone else miss those draftkings and fan duel commercials?
Well the # Oilers are 0-1 and #Mc David didn't get a point. The season is a disappointment and Mc David is a bust. #NHL #E D Mvs S T L
If you have to say " " at the end of your sentence, you're not doing it right
I love how all my friends are there for me when I need them
Really ecstatic about the fact that the week I decide to start Moncrief he has less than 1 point nearing the end of the 3rd
Alright there's no need to judge a 40year old when she's jealous of a 15year old. She obviously has values. # l ol wt f
That was a rhetorical snap. I really didn't want a response..
The refs have started calling this game right down the middle this half
. Twitter makes it so easy.
"Are you actually mad?" Noooo, not at all
Yeah I would so trust an investment banker who was a bar tender at a chain restaurant. # house hunters
Yay for staying past my scheduled time... # not #I Want To Go Home
Prince Fielder still delivering in the playoffs I see
Nice drive....but is Brian Hoyer an elite QB? #Thursday Night Football
Its so fun studying jose rizal
I'm sure Jalen strong was in everyone's # f and u e l lineup..
today i had someone try to explain to me how beastality is equivalent to being gay in terms of morality. i love my life. so much.
This #Minnesota Wild game is going sooooo well...  #MASC2650
Best student section in the state
Weird that the OEG Vice Chair who has NOTHING to do with the hockey side would be there...
It's Messi's fault that Argentina is losing...  #Tata Out
I love commercials coming back for 1 play and then 2 minute warning and more commercials #Thursday Night Football
I absolutely LOVE sitting at home by myself while you get to go out and do stuff with your friends.
Thank you my lovely PM, now iPhone 6s Plus 64GB will be RM4099 :) THANKS NAJIB! Doubling the price of a flagship phone # satisfied
This wild team is kinda slow this year... # m n wild
Man the crowd at USC is huge # pathetic
Roughing the passer on JJ Watt. He didn't properly brush off Matt Hasselbeck's ballerina tutu. #TNF #NFL # Texans # Colts #Good Call
Do you know what I'm excited for? Yet another rebuild year in Leaf land # losers
Little known fact about me: I f-ing HATE the Colts # Sharing
At least we all know that Learning Styles are empirically proven, right? # science # myth # urban legend # l r n chat
Anyone know if the tarp is coming off? # R o y a l s # post season #Take The Crown
Can't wait till 2018 for Toy Story 4, boy oh boy
I CAN'T WAIT FOR EVERYONE TO START SAYING CD9 IS A WANNABE 1D  #Dont Go There #LAMAS
I am SO going to be late for my morning midterm! Thanks rain - thanks for caring about my life struggles and education
Bruins really love the 2nd period, don't they?
#GOP House in chaos as McCarthy bows out! No leadership. Everyone's bailing.Shutdown and debt ceiling looms. Great job GOP.
There Mallett goes again, hitting receivers in the hands. What is wrong with him?  #Texansvs Colts
It's always a great end to the day when you get a call from a US Attorney.
Dumplings and pinot grigio: do I know how to pair food like an adult or what.
27 minutes in and no penalties, such a crisply played game, no grabbing or hacking out there at all! # hockey # s a b r e s
Welp Canes off to a great start!
Was over it. Got under it again and now I gotta get back over it. # Than x
1am. Still no bursary even though it was due two weeks ago. Not likes it's a big deal Mr govt. Ykno' only my food money.
One fun thing about being journalist is finishing the first draft of your story, realizing it sucks, then starting all over again.
Toolsie went to Vegas and didn't go in the pool? Color me surprised.
#reason Why I Love Uganda MPs and ministers enrol their offsprings in schools outside Uganda  #U Gat53
I'm so talented that I gave myself a fat lip. # clumsy people p robs
Transition-D is top-notch. What Brown was asking for in that Wizards game. # s i x e r s
LSU Testing centers new rule about rescheduling is stupid... Thanks for adding the new policy to the website.
I didn't say it was your fault. I said I was blaming you. # king me
Thanks guys for being cool when a girl runs past you.
Well, that's positive ( ) and strange. #T W Rradio
Oh how I've missed Jack Edwards and his shtick.  #Yay Hockey Is Back
Homecoming Tailgate is tomorrow. Guess who’s coming? The music playlist is epic # S p o i l e r s . No excuses not to have fun #Geek Life.
Great news, I'm not done with Invisalign
Gee, I bet it's hard to be a coach at Middleton. # h a v e s and h a v e n o t s
Unless the Colts completely stun me tonight, I am predicting a 24-13 win by the Texans. Great confidence going into the NE game
I love forgetting my calculator on quiz day
So proud of the mother at this McDonalds who is doing her kindergartener's homework so he can play.
Old people are the most nicest drivers at #Ballloon Fiesta. They stop for everyone. .
my child goes with her dad tomorrow. 2nd time this year.. What a great guy..
Classes start the 19th and i have no books and my aid hasnt been released yet # life on track
Would I like to lose $30 out of my pants pocket a few hours after getting it? Sure, sounds great. # S a d n e s s
Harold Reynolds is such a good broadcaster # not
Sanchez has thrown only 12 pitches and he's already sweating. I guess the playoffs are tough I guess?  #ALDS
"Hey Shannon. my friend is single if your sister is looking for a new boyfriend." hahaha thats like so funny. hahahahaha. -.-
#Blue Jays down 5-3...I think that if the 48 000 fans had practiced their "wave" more often, we'd be winning this game now.
Busts out $515 to pay for graduation stuff... Yeah, bc I can DEFINITELY afford being a senior. .
Came home to the best news ever!!! My wifi is down...
A new basketball national high school in Arizona. Great news!
lol nooo I'm not listening to Rammstein while getting this case study completed!
perks of being in a kindergarten classroom: having the songs they sing during calendar stuck in your head # i really love them
Hotel California such an inspired unexpected choice  #A H S Hotel #AHS
The plan WAS to get away for the weekend but nope staying in good ol' Hanford, yay
So apparently we've decided to shoot a recruiting video. I'm sure that'll go well... # t w e e t s from hell
Didnt know Mtl had so many baseball fans
If McDavid doesn't score a hat trick and have 3 assists I'd consider this pick a bust # s t auf fer calls # pressure
TEX ML right now is 1.87, TOR is 1.83. Talk about value!!
Be soo happy and entertaining if MVG wins this # d arts #WGP2015
My families sarcastic ways are too much to handle
That Shit just ended on "Hotel California"... # G en i us #A H S Hotel
These Fox announcers should talk about the turf at the Rogers Centre some more #ALDS # g o j a ys go
Love and Cold can never be hidden
Not like I ride this route every single day.
Way to go NHL, clearly Lucic and Brown didn't deserve to be suspended for their hits....
It's not terrifying at all when you're sitting at a doctor's office and suddenly hear someone scream bloody murder.....
Great break down Harold Reynolds of Beltre leaving the game. Solid work. # Rangers #ALDS2015
LCD Soundsystem is reuniting. Gee didn't see that one coming.
Who doesn't love spending a 65 degree sunny fall afternoon in an ice rink?
Just been told to get a grip over my anxiety The closest people to you are always the most supportive
You: What are you saying??..Me: Exactly what you're hearing.. ..
I'll find a better profile picture as soon as I find a better profile picture. # keep me in your prayers
Don't Price this winter now. Two straight walks! # J a ys
Gotta love fans asking for autographs / hugs / photos during q and a's. # i hate people # n y c c
I'm looking for an Asian guy in Korea town. That's not hard at all!
Love these lectures my dad gives me that I should've joined the Navy or Airforce.
"1 hour of stand up paddle boarding is equivalent to 8 hours of surfing." Yup mhm Ok truth exposed
I'm about to start a GoFundMe page so I don't have to work anymore
This is not going to end well and the good, ole USofA is going to get tangled in it. Wonderful.....  #Make Love Not War
I love spending my entire lunch on hold and still not being helped!
Wow... Nothing like going through notifications and getting a dick pic. Totes made my day. *swoons*
Shoutout to the man who bought huge bong from thicka** glass and put my email as confirmation email. I LOVE their promotional deals
Chas confidence towards his son is incredible # rob r on
This looks really close game. Ireland excellent in possession. Both very similar styles!
My childhood friend who has been in the same class as me up to HS has forgotten who I am. Geez, thanks. I'm so flattered
At least we have Steven Fletcher # goal machine
Today I officially announce my candidacy for #Speaker Of The House # l i be r tar i an #GOP # speaker
I just love having low blood sugar & low blood pressure
Love peoples sense of entitlement. # m i l l e n i a l s
I love living like a college kid.
Oooooh, dovish Fed minutes!...there's a surprise.
“what’s your favorite position in bed?” near the wall so i can use my phone while it’s charging # funny say in # current mode
I don't know, these bloody immigrants come over here and steal our jobs, homes and bake off trophies # n o t r a c ist # joke
Who's watching the # j a ys and who's watching # Greece vs #Northern Ireland ? Retweet for # j a ys ; Fave for # Greece Stop laughing
That fire alarm at 6am was so great... Loved stargazing with my floormates <3 # west is best
I love when I can't breathe through my nose because of allergies.
OMG guys, kids bop 30 is coming out on October 16! I'm so exciteddddddd! Lol
Best feeling in the world; being ignored.
Lol this day just keeps getting better!!
having strep throat at being sick is always fun
stressed about school, my phone is dead, forgot my keys, and have to be at work by 1. today just can't get any better!!!
Love that BOTH kids played full bodily with year R mud kitchen & needed immediate bath & washing of WHOLE uniform (socks an' all)
Good morning y'all!!! It's October and going to be 93 degrees today yay!! # i n s i d e z a p p os
my is at it’s best when I hear a # stupid question
So glad it rained while I was away, and that I'll land in LA when it's 90°. # o c to be r
Just over 23 hours to perform a software update. Yay for technology. # better be worth it
Not counting UK release dates which will probably push it back another 2 years. # partially true #dopeoplestillusehashtags # o c to t h or p
Here, let me go get my extension ladder so I can consult you upon your high horse # p is sed
Republicans over promised to their own electorate; and cannot deliver on said promises, #Obamas Fault!
I love my job I love my job I love my job # man t r a
Just received an ad for a Russian Mail Order Bride at my work email. #Best Day Ever #Targeted Marketing
EJ is supposedly still alive. This is such a surprise.  Can't they do this w Will next year and give them an actual happy ending?
If you can't love yourself, who's gonna do that ?
The dmv is my favorite place to be in the morning!
I really love it when my # h us b and says that "we" should get a certain task done. And by "we" he means "me." #Married Life
Why tf is everyone starting to say "be still my heart?" You realize you'll be dead if it does that right? # you re not old # act your age
Yes, please continue to turn your rap music up in hopes to impress me. It's like you know what I look for in a man
i love spending tuesday-sunday at work. its like having a second home and its rent free.
I'm on the board of an organization that abbreviates to NYCC, so really this is one of my favorite weekends of the year # n e r r r r d s
Food companies are in denial...never would've figured that out  #E N G L202 Birkhofer
Larger portions have more calories? Wow. Who knew?  #E N G L202 Birkhofer
Can we vote on a bill that would allow 5 people to be president so the women of #The View can fix this country? # show your tits
Dead battery in my truck. What perfect timing.  #sqlsat Orlando running around on pause.
Not like I needed that money for anything.
If u can go a whole 24 hours without speaking to me.. Then keep going
Found out Obaid lost his court case today, Nice to see things are looking up for once
Well Apple configurator 2 is extremely easy to use!
When u be an asshole to people and u know it  #Thug Life
To be super honest, I want 6 month vacation 2 times in a year.. Enjoy man!
Allergy mornings are the best mornings ..
When u think u are right in an argument and the other moment realise u r stupid #Thug Life # truth
Sure I've been waiting for a real "white" president too..  #The View
Let's punish departments for supporting writing centres because they clearly don't assist the entire university #IWCA15 # dripping
Still don't get how Stephanie Myers was allowed to release another # Twilight book...What a time to be alive.
This morning's task involves researching Michigan jazz artists for a potential winter music series, however will I survive?
Just finished updating my "about me" page on the blog. # exciting
Hey # Detroit , please tell me more about #Detvs Everybody and how everyone has turned their back on you. Sincerely, # Flint . #810
I just love it when my belly decides to make bear noises in the middle of a very quite class. Makes my day.
how am i supposed to lose weight when the best part about life is food
It's lovely to see such optimism when a new coach arrives at a club. # l f c # could n t careless
Going from teaching a PE lesson to having a lab practical is so unfair! I LOVE taking 3 biologies to become a first grade teacher!
Wait! The NFL reviews all scoring plays?? When did that start??  #The More You Know
oh right..theres going to be another 3 story game to come out before #KH3 # Shock e r # shut up and take my money # deep sigh # when will it end
Keep side development, key issue for India is to ban beef or not!!
Oh, the Cubs won last night. . I didn't even notice lol!  #Goodfor Them
Bad news: what an awesome way to start the morning.
Yesterday Zachary got a note from daycare congratulating him for sitting during circle time. Clearly not my child # always moving :)
I'm so # class y I've matched my eyeliner to my bra strap # hot # t y p i c a l c r o y don #whowouldntwanttohitthis ( )
While it takes years of your good work to find a place in top 200 news in # India , you can be on # prime time for speaking filth
Rooney is out. Noooo how are going to get our goals now # get in # e a say
So i see the world didnt end then...... there's a suprise.
Buys bananas. Gets asked if I like bananas. Replies with; No, not really. Smiles.
I have a very attractive pregnancy walk, absolutely no bathroom false alarms, and getting off the couch is no problem at all.
"Oh so you pour brothers bowl of cereal, but you don't pour mine? OK, I'll pour my own bowl!" from # youngest child
At work, you never run out of things to do.  #Killing Time
I just love getting up before the sun
So good to learn MSM is globally consistent on Pakistan. #bad News Sells
I seriously can't believe that people believe me when I say I'm drinking because my body is a temple!
What I can't understand is why they didn't just fix one of the previous five series, given how PC the Beeb supposedly are? #GBBO
I'm sorry..I didn't realise that you're an expert on my life and how I should live it!Please continue while I take notes..
Woke up with a nosebleed. Now have a headache. YAY!
As I've said before - not putting :) or  can caused problems but it also sorts out the thickies.
Oh, great. NBA basketball is back. #Rolls Eyes
Our Judges are biggest children in India. They will get summer holidays, winter holidays, that is they play with India's future. .
Oh hey 4am I haven't seen you in a while!!!
Yay! Pills Drunk Daddy is on duty again tonight. Wish me luck! # drunk manager # ass hat
Feels so amazing talking to someone you can't have. .
I'm sorry, did my back hurt your KNIFE?
I’ve got to go on a first aid training day today. I’m really looking forward to it. .
You heard it here first you will have to buy all guns, missions, and armor with real money ie. Silver # destiny if you couldn't tell
Can't wait to get home, and read some more
So glad I'm postponing my studying to watch the 3rd period of this game. #L A Kings
Has AHS covered forced necrophilia before this? Well, it's about TIME  #A H S Hotel
Yeah it's okay for you to sleep on my notes it's not like I'm not using them to study
did Rupert Murdoch say that? I guess no one knows black people like an ancient Australian White guy.
You must be someone special if you delete your tweets you make to people
Looks like the kings could use Mike Richards
a new strategy against car theft on the news today: don't leave your keys in the car # streets marts
My twitter is full of bullshit about you!! You should feel proud, I think about you that much, in a bad way of course hahaha
Thanks to # H e s i o d , I know understand my purpose in life as a woman! It's to hold back enterprising men. Of course! # classics
You owe me $1,600, have only paid $10 for a filing fee, and have never met your son...but you're right, you're a greeeat father.
Oh I'm certain that Katy perry gets mistaken for a Peruvian woman all the time......
I like how they "flashbacked" to 1994, like that was a long time ago!!  #I Feel Old #A H S Hotel
Keeping Kris Bryant in the minors to start the season made all the difference.
Way to go little girl!  #AHS
So Cubs vs cardinals? That's not gonna be emotional for anyone
Was 2 block away from the Engelbert Humperdinck tonight. Glad I made it out safe # red bank
I really love when the anesthetic in my mouth numbs everything but the sore it's supposed to be numbing
WOAH. MIRANDA SEEMS LIKE SHE'S ON PILLS. ARE THERE DRUG ISSUES WITH HER. #Teen Mom2  #But She Is Kind Of Slurring
Someone needs to make a movie that has the # Pirates winning the World Series...that's why we can't win. It's your fault Hollywood
I think arrieta should hit Harrison again to get to their best player # revenge
A singing test in choir AND a quiz in music theory? Senior year is just too rough
Just what we need, another OJ Simpson movie.
Judging by my feed I can't tell if people are watching Empire and Hotel?
WOW #A H S Hotel and #Ryan Murphy used sexual assault as a plot device... # shocker #A H S HotelLiveTweet
"I try not to call women bitches...." but...let me tell you about Fiona Pitch. Good job Simon #Carry On
Wait - the # Pirates almost got in a fight? No way!?!? # every ones little brother
Well at least I'm not mad anymore ...shifted back down to just sad. # grateful
Yes, Pirates, I'm sure Arrieta hit Harrison on purpose with a slider, 4 run lead and McCutchen on deck
That cooler just got whooped! Man I love tough guys!
Two accidental Hit by Pitch and you retaliate like a child? Way to go PIT.
Yes, Pirates fans; Jake Arrieta is clearly hitting guys intentionally with a 4-0 lead in a one-game Wild Card; SIT DOWN!
I'm sorry but poor poor Leah. # teen mom 2
Can I just reiterate how “happy” I am as an # Orioles fan that we let #Jake Arrieta go… It’s now been proven as the right move…
Spalling is still a sniper I see!  #N H L Face Off
I love how dance makes my feet look so pretty....
Walking around campus at 10:30 at night by myself will be fun....
ISIS aplogizes for war crimes so everything is OK # K u n d u z
"I got too much sleep last night" dang that must really suck...
I live for 6 pm classes
Lol! Hasbro is totally attacking #Third Party with their #Hasbro Party # w h os doing the dishes #Winner Takes Something #NYCC2015
# Pirates have 98 wins # Cubs have 97 wins Sure, a 1-game playoff seems fair #Wild Card #Raise It
Mike Babcock is the greatest coach to ever coach any team in the history of sport over the history of time.
Di kadownload and upload. Thank you Globe for being so reliable!
I love when people open my snapchats and don't snap me back # j k
Well this isn't creepy at all #Supernatural Season11
I love that my computer feels the need to tell me when I plug in my headphones. Is that what I'm doing? I had no idea!
I like living in a world where I can't have a cat or work the hours I am given. Or have other freedoms adults have. :3 #Married Life
Oh so Darkness saves now? Gotcha. # Super natural
Looking forward to seeing how many of #Card Nation retweet and keeps me informed about the Jatt Mones show tomorrow.
Welp, looks like I'm voting Trump! ¯_(ツ)_/¯ # M o e # K a w a i i # W a if u
Don't worry sox fans. Saladino and trance Thompson are just as exciting rookies as all those cubs.
Im glad Bergevin fixed our problems over the summer
Get the cup get the cup # rangers
My hair is looking cute today
Not being able to feel your ass when biking HIIT after leg day is great
Wow. OBJ gets fined $9K for throwing punches against the Bills. I wonder if he can afford it....
I just love how they ask Oliver to give up his happiness like he hasn't paid his dues. # Arrow
Price gave up a goal to the leafs? What a bum!
Phew!! Superstore has their Christmas advent calendars in. Finally!! I've been looking everywhere for them.
Finished working at 2am. Woke up at 7am. And now in a trance of survival going to office. Definitely a great morning!
Dump and chase is working great.
My taste in women is outstanding  #Im Retarded
Thank you so much for checking I'm okay
Yes. Let's bum rush everyone who is trying to leave the locker room because that will make things a whole lot easier  #Wait Your Turn
Fuck Glenn Healy I missed your commentating. #NHL # L e a f s #Low Hockey I Q # M u t e
Labissiere not cleared to play?? Shocking!!
Bernier gets razzed after making an easy save. So much for those pundits who said the # L e a f s would exceed expectations.
Is inspiring others with chocolate just a way of sapping others intrinsic motivation with extrinsic rewards? # w a chat
A bunch of noname # l e a f s outplaying the # h a b s so far. # we are screwed # maybe next year
Wow! What a great crowd! Listen to those cheers!!  #T M Ltalk
Senior year is sickkkk so far
Whos ready to watch "Canada's team" #N H L Face Off # hockey is back
thanks to everyone for ignoring me while i am bored to death in class...you guys are great
Nothing like emotionally loaded texting convos with your ex # it was subtle
Getting a physical always makes me happy
So glad we are slammed this month...........
U wanna know what i love??? Breaking out!!!! Its so much fun!!!!! LOVE IT!! thank u god. Love it i look GREAT!!!!!! # smells
Love waiting for doctors to call with scan results.
Seriously? In the middle of scrubbing the bathroom top to bottom & they shut the fkn water off? Awesome! # moving # just want it done
Back at work... bring on the PCD
Side effects of EPO use in males include increased sex drive and erectile dysfunction. Surely that's punishment enough! # clean sport
I wonder how tonight's episode of Empire will destroy the black community and emasculate heterosexual men...  lol
I road trips across America. # truth or
Car accidents are fun... Talking to insurance is fun...
The incorrect use of the adjective 'underway' in sports writing frustrates me no end. It's 'under way'! Two words. # not really
I love when the convo plays music on the speakers when I try to sleep
Why moti is being is used with tazi??? # u r d um oh a war a y # f a t p e e p s
It's absolutely vital to turn your ringtone and key volume all the way and ignore your child in a waiting room.
omg i just said omg ahhhh #YOLO
Just deposited to DK so I can feel like part of the team when our funds get seized.  #DFS
•Big flash happens outside• Mom: Was that lightning? Me: No, they're just taking pictures for Google Earth. # things people say
That was such a long class.
$CMG up $15 off lows on whopping volume  buybuybuy
Well yeah.. I just love it to leave my home at 6am and be back at 7pm.
At the end of every problem, there stands another one waiting.
This tweet is an inside joke! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! # irony # P hon y p p l # inside jokes # l ol # true
Today just gets better and better... # annoyed
The #G B B O Final will be viewed at our pad shortly. Time to pop out I think - It'll be more excitement than I can take.
Year three o-line still terrible. Receiver corps brutal. Other than that I am stoked. # chiefs
Luckily this is America & you actually have to commit a crime before you can be stripped of your rights & be treated as a criminal
Terrible to see Blatter unjustly suspended. A man who's worked tirelessly for football's gain, putting his own needs a distant 2nd
So proud of my government right now!
I've had a great day! Two days ago. #being Sarcastic  #not Friday Yet
# p h p scripts keep warning me my allowed memory size is exhausted! Should I tell my boss? And get the hell outta here?!
Draft Biden trending. Is Joe a better daily fantasy politics pick than Bernie Sanders? This tweet paid for by FanDuel & DraftKings.
Shitty skin.. shitty mood.. life is wonderful..oh yes.. indeed..
Having to reboot my work laptop for the 3rd time already this morning. # awesome
This match is close #R S Avs U S A #RWC2015
Nothing is more relaxing than a job interview.
Lovely way to wake up # at least i ma wake
English class is so fun .....
I got a VW purely because of the published emissions....where do I claim compensation?
#Draft Biden cuz he wants to give people that three letter word "J-O-B-S"
Didn't even make it a day without having the first episode of S2 Flash spoiled. Thanks internet, thanks.....
Two situations where I might say something rude: 1) After drinking alcohol. 2) Before drinking alcohol.
Damn... Ricky Holt's "The Art of Wrestling" got cancelled. Shame. It had award winning potential :(
Wake me when all the smart people get bored of arguing. # yes i have some in there
, but in all seriousness...that was whack.
I don't think they changed the times for closing the bridge enough.Definitely could've changed it a few more.
So glad I paid for #T S A Pre Check, it's been super helpful for waiting in longer lines and going through security again.
My Ex forced me to join Salsa classes with her; Unfortunately, it's the only reason she's my Ex...
Ah, Parcelforce Claims. Make me create an account and set a password. Then email me my password. Good job.
At my first dentist appointment in years #Im Not Freaked Out
revolutionary ways to be more successful? cut costs! sell more!  we're rediscovering this in hardware the hard way...
Thanks cat. I didn't want the rest if my cup of tea. I'll just change out of my soaked clothes now. # flipping cat
India needs to work on Mobile and Charging Point ratios with Gender Ratio. Both are really low. # quote # jokes
Pig Howard dismissed for concussion symptoms that persist.
Oh I can't wait for a Gumi V4 mamamaxTDA edit!
If some of the interesting people I've met can find husbands who love them, then I have no doubts someone will find me
Pretty sure I pulled my hamstring # awesome # not really # o u c h won’t stop me from performing though # music
You know what's another great song. Lip Gloss by Lil Mama.  I'm still going to listen to the whole thing though.
Lost 4 pounds. 95 more to go to be stripper skinny.
My OS is funny, every now and then it underlines with a red line some words for no apparent reason. # don t people see this # compute ring
"Life will be brief when you have your beef " # beef # dad r i # b j p # politics # beef politics # mockery
She likes you + you're a man + for the first time she stays over for the night = you have sex. Of course.
I really wish I was a teenager again so I could tweet whatever I wanted cause no one would see it and no one would judge!
ICD-10 is so much fun and making my job easier... # just kidding # i c d 10 #RHIT #CCS
I just love having a sink full of dirty dishes to wash on this bright sunshine day!!!!!
Anybody know if the Forth Road Bridge is closing later?
And the good news is I just spent my entire paycheck.
These projected Leaf Lines for tonight look awesome
Let's retell #Star Wars but set in in #Middle Earth and instead feature circus clowns. #Twilight10th Anniversary #Lifeand Death # Grey
New campaign slogan for 2016: "Billionaires for billionaires"
Oh the joy of having such assholes as neighbors.
Of course everybody in the 'more guns' scenario will stay cool under pressure and have their target set on the shooter.  #Gun Control
Do you think that #childprotectiveservices is aware that today is # walk to school day ? I didn't think this was allowed?
I'm having so much fun learning how to work a phone... # is this real life
Great way to start the day: on the phone with AAA for a tow. # not # awesome timing
43 pts in the pm, between 1:00-4:15pm love triple doc days.
Remember: The problems with Muslim groups in the Middle East is reducible to fighting between Sunnis and Shias.
So attack on Titan junior high I couldn't have thought of a better follow up to the first season Thanks.  #Attack On Titan Junior High
"Yeah, like 9 times a day" - Ned Yost on if he has ever been asked why Escobar is hitting leadoff # R o y a l s
I got the flu shot. And what do you know, I'm still alive and kickin. Weird how I'm not sick or anything at all…
I love those nightmares that cause you to be pissed off with everything when you wake up.
I didn't realize I was in a Beijing Starbucks
Just got back from the beach !! ... and I'm burnt, yay I'm gunna enjoy the rest of my week
I fell asleep last night to the soothing sound of my dog chewing on her bone in the bedroom last night.
Time to get to work for the testweek! #Super Motivated  (Too much effort for mostly not a perfect result)
Fact Finding mission ordered in US bombing of Hospital; Obama sending as many Christians as possible.
Reality TV shows make selling a house look sooooo easy! I can't wait to be an adult!
A magazine’s photographed women’s tunics flying in wind, complaining of obscenity. Yeah, how dare women have bodies under clothes!
Had a fruit pot for lunch to be healthy... Followed it by a pastry for dessert... Life is all about balance # clearly # fatty
Ever notice how the more tired you get, the less your brain functions for any purpose other than  and delusions?
I am a Type A personality?!?! # who knew
So let me get this straight. If I watermark somebody else’s video it automatically becomes mine, right?
Morning Joe I'm sure Mark Halperin didn't encourage ANY negativity toward HRC.
Of course I trust Hillary on guns. After all, she has first-hand knowledge of gun violence, having dodged sniper fire in Kosovo.
Herp Bees gather to invade the USA! # horror # h e r p e s # sex issues # funny # S a r c a s t i c # sexual problems # s t d # health news # jokes # laugh
I LOVE reading page after page after page after page of crap I don't understand.
Do the Cubs play tonight? I hadn't heard...
What a great day in London
#CPC15 #Dodgy Dave wants to kill more people what a nice guy
Only 8 hours left of work! # P o s i t i v ity
Gun laws, because the people that they're meant to deter obey the laws already. # stupidity # come on government
Might as well hit my head against a brick wall today. I'm obv not talking any sense whatsoever
. it's the only reason that I live
Streaming media with vlc as the endpoint... # stream f a i
We may be battered and bruised but we never hesitate helping our neighbours #Donate Oil To Indian Embassy
Keep telling yourself that bullshit statement of yours.
No chill all the way to the west.such an accomplishment .
# talk sport breakfast ...someone suggests #FlloydHasslebank....for # sunder l and manager ? don't they realise....? he's Black!!!
My fave part about my bus journey is all the school kids who shove on before me only to get off two stops later
This just in: words that hurt people don't matter because people are starving.
I just LOVE waking up at 4 am and not being able to fall back to sleep! #NOT
When you're so stressed you feel physically sick :'D # happy days # A in t life g r and
Hey cool it looks like Mia is tweeting what she is watching on my youtube account. Thanks for linking my account to everything.
Next 2 days are gonna be a blaaaaaast.
Sure. No problem at all. It would be my pleasure. Of course I will. I wouldn't mind at all. Yes. Absolutely.  #RT90
At least I've slept well anyway so that's good
"The amount of irrelevant quote s increases exponentially everyday" -Jeyenth # quote
Ignoring people, well that's real maturity. Not cowardly and childish. NOT AT ALL
Sorry about your lack of mcmuffins and hashbrowns though fam, sincerest apologies
Nothing excites me more than seeing children being incorrectly stretched
You know what ever fan loves after a cliffhangar? A delay before answers are given, AND a time skip. #The Flash # wed on t love it
thanks for the happy birthday, sperm donor
Lets send people into the creepy monolith, best idea #Agentsof S H I E L D
Real glad to see #The Flash kept Cold just as terrible as ever. # I m not glad
Sooooo according to social media... Astros won. # k e w l
All this talk about what #Bad Inventions didn't do....  spanked dat ass PERIOD!!!!
Boy, Buster Olney really knows how to ask some hard-hitting questions, doesn't he?  #So Easy An Intern Can Do It
Just found out I have a Spanish test tomorrow. Oh great
abortion is about Womens rights?! I have so many rights i dont even know what to do with them # smiles # De fund p p
Not giving up our prospects really worked out for us!  #Fire Cashman
Ohh wow! I really love homophobic jokes from my family!  >:|
We don't get to play the evil empire so sad.
Really upset baseball is over  #LGI
I love working full time and not getting paid. $
It's extremely unfortunate the Yankees are out.  #Blue Jays
This phone call is so productive ........
Oh I love it when you start off the last at bat with striking out when you're losing .....
I'm starting to feel bad for the ESPN staff & the poor guy running the ticker. Clearly, they're very disappointed in their Yanks.
How are the Astros about to beat the Yankees when the Yankees have so much more playoff experience!?
Oh goody...Gregerson on for the As t r os . # As t r os # Yankees
I like that whistling music they play after # Yankees pitchers strike someone out. Its cute.
Yankees fans are just so awesome.
I may cry myself to sleep tonight knowing I won't get to see the # y a n k e e s anymore this season.
Well ya did it again, go me!
Some bombshell. Rosie sounds like my mom, just casual around the house. Also, Rosie asked for candy? Horrors!  #Chelsea O Donnell
Looking back # G i r a r di instead of # Matt in g l y seems like the right choice wouldn't you agree? #Fire G i r a r di #Fire Cashman
If Marihuana is 'indefinitely worse' than tobacco than I am also the Brunette Yogi and the Habs are better than the Leafs...
Just woke up from an inadvertent 3.5 hours nap, so sleeping through tonight should be a breeze.
I see AROD has continued his red hot batting in October.
Really loving that I play hockey at 1115pm tonight! # but # anything for hockey # tend y # love the game
Breakthrough in height of stupidity. The tall assassin database is rearing to go. # Limit less
Yeaaaaa lets be supportive of each other's lives
It's weird Yankees aren't scoring any runs...they've been so good the last month in a half.
He tried to kill Altuve there! # athletics
Oh Lamar Miller has a bye week, whatever will I do now ? # fantasy
Dog farts in my face  the sad life of a dog lover..
Removing glitter from your eyes is such a relaxing process # make up
Well... At least we're not getting no hit # t hiss u x
it's the 4th time today I've had hiccups and I wasn't trying to sleep or anything..
Really glad this game is on ESPN and the Cubs play tomorrow on TBS.
I just love when my night is going nice and slow then every plane in the sky decides to land at the same time...
# L i b r as often resort to when attempting to not be rude while delivering # the truth . # L i b r t hats me
Crafty lefty + home plate ump who expands the zone = trouble for Yanks. Love it when umpires need to have their presence known
I think i might need to start using ...
Oh yeehaw, another half inning of Chris Archer #H O Uvs N Y Y
Chicken pot pies for dinner, wine guy is such a great cook... # but not complain in g # let seat # long ass day
Looking at that replay...if Gomez gets plunked...he knows why right?
The Yankees game is going well so far. # fuck in g shit balls
This season on # Castle is going to be : Beckett is trying so hard to build her cemetery and to get herself killed. And so is Castle
Good thing Girardi started Gardner over Ellsbury. It has really payed dividends so far....
Since Grace is dressed as Kate Hudson and Oliver is her dad, she’s dressed as her aunt, right? # Confused . #Scream Queens
Oh gee, really? Kershaw and Greinke are starting games 1 and 2? Color me shocked!
Oh, I'm sorry for hurting your feelings by telling the truth
glad my friends seem to be REALLY happy for me that im finally happy again
At the pace Tanaka's going, it's good to see #MLB is concerned about speed of game  #N Y Yvs H O U
Nothing like a hole in your radiator to make your Tuesday perfect
$IBB SO these short sellers r sooo strong they r gonna drop it to 280 tomorrow b4 noon...right ?  like not b4
Boy that Vin Diesel has the best people making decisions for him.. A movie where he's a witch hunter # genius
I love that she's always mad at me :)
I wonder if that 'Left' Bon Jovi took still feels 'Right'?
Why 2K got LeBron like he's a Greek God or something???
There's no better way to spend a Tuesday night then at the ER.
I finally found the perfect pair of headphones. But there's one drawback. The cord is eighty-seven thousand feet long. # long cord
My skype name was given out, came home from work to 15 calls from the Middle East.... Good. This is exactly what I wanted
now starts my favorite time of the week. #302
Attn. All who miss summer. It is 87 degrees in our house. Bring your swimsuit. # why is it so hot #iwantouractoworkproperly
Barney to be animated by 9 Story? Well I can see that lasting a long time.
Still picking out songs…I like how people just assume I know about Chinese music.  #Geek Life
Love not hearing from you, its the greatest
Another harsh reality is a sunni boy can love a shia girl and vice versa. Us waqt frqay yaad q nahe aatay humain?8-)
My sex life is so awesome right now # vent in g
Hooray for pins being shoved in my neck, shoulder, & all down my right arm to my hand!!! Can't wait!!
OneRepublic isn't coming for the #LSU-Florida game? Then I'm not either! That'll fix 'em, I'm sure.
All NFL pre-game shows will now be 5 minutes since they took all the Daily Fantasy stuff out.  :-)
converting PDFs to Form Typers is sooooo fun!!! # work flow
Whaaa? White folks (keep it real) want to ignore history that makes their heroes/ancestors look like monsters? Nooooooooo # t y t live
Hold up! You're yelling me the quick fix weight loss industry is rapidly growing?! Shocker # work hard pays off # no quick fix
Woo! I'm off to an EXCELLENT start to my announcing shift tonight. # f b
Hi powered semi automatic rifles should be in break glass in case of emergency containers on the walls of schools
I just love how the 2 east bound in milton is always 13 minutes late -_-
Next up on the Miner Market: Find out the fate of Darth Marr: Is he dead or faking? Simply send me $9.99 to find out! # s wt or
"ur addicted to SoMo." oh wow yeah thnx good thing u told me bc i would have never know... # already knew
Realized I have 100 followers! Yay. Now my life has meaning
Remember every time you eat a Samosa you fund ISIS, even more so if you dip it in chilli sauce first  #We Want Our Country Back
tbh, if I was a showrunner, I would be ignoring fans, repeating failed SLs & bringing back hated old chars too. That's good, yes?
Avoiding feeding my child dinner bc after a week o being sick it's become an all-out battle-so fun! # mom life # mom p robs # best mom ever
Female robbers is a sign that South Africa has truly moved into a day and age of gender equality.
I really do appreciate people who have no clue about the Conservative party making such sophisticated criticisms.
Hey a white lady driving a #Maserati Gran Turismo M C in Arcadia. How refreshing. Usually it's a 20-30 something FOB dude.
Absolutely FLYING boys! So glad I went tonight, what a performance! May book my Wembley hotel tomorrow # u t m p # believe
Tuesday? Pffffffffffffffffffffft. More like two-days. Gee whiz, can today be over yet? HAHA,  puns. DM me for more weekday humor.
Why do you need to implant ballons in the stomach for the obese to loose weight when they already have a ballon shape
I love Britain First they're so eye opening and I believe in everything they say # racists
World revolutionising product & No money! A man with none & he's working for some $30K # Iron y # Myth # Truth #Simply India #Why Or What
Kids are so much fun after a sleepover.
RT Dbbanar: Instead of driving out to a lake to fish, we could probably just fish in the backyard! # fishing # flooding # s c
I love being a woman in male dominated professions where I have to prove myself more than the men do all the time # real talk
Hmm. My USAT membership is up for renewal. Do I want to be a triathlete again next year?
Thanks for that David, very inspired and informative # u learn 15
Always nice to keep being reminded of how little you appear to mean to some people # on one
It's a good thing I washed my USB cube adapter in the laundry..... # kill me
Apparently Saudi Arabia keeping LBGT rights out of UN development goals.Good thing they r on Human Rights Coun c il? # c 4 news # H a me r on
Everyone makes mistakes. The trick is to make mistakes when nobody is looking.
chase that $UNT in to the close Get all up in that
Not crying cause I didn't win # r t l boulevard
Nayantara,Nehru's nephew returns award- a family heritage and heirloom. Priyanka Vadra, ur next in line I guess
0-4 I just got an email that Lions tickets are available for every game in October. That’s shocking. I would have never guessed.
I don't think # A nil a and i is understand #My Previous Tweet
Someone walked by and told me I have a "sweet ride" ... I drive a Jetta ?
But then again, Twitter is so punctual.
So UK lottery adds 10 more balls & the odds of winning are now 1 in 45million instead of 1 in 14million... Nice one! Thanks Lotto!
Thank God Chris Antonetti became club president. Wouldn't wanna break up this amazing front office.
I love it when people test my patience
Enjoying this "what Premiers from 10 years ago think" segment of # c d n p ol i coverage. Looking forward to the Lorne Calvert edition.
Good thing Kent decided to do all their road construction during the school year # dumb
Thank my grandma for the boost in confidence.
Favorite part of the semester.. Exams day. /s #U T Dallas # ex am day #Knowledge Is Power
What I wouldn't do for a nice hot clean shower! No word on when water will be safe to use either. # love this
Hahahahaha I love being left out of things whooooooo it makes me feel so good about myself thanks guys! # ignore me
Had my new car for roughly 7 months and will have spent roughly $800 on internal pairs alone...yay me
Gotta love that dose of anxiety and insecurity at 1 in the morning # please note
# Des tiny is having micro transactions, what a joyful news
I feel reborn after listening to gospel music all morning with my coworkers # h a l l e l u j ah
Did Myles Jack say he’s entering 2016 NFL Draft? Maybe, you know, he should sit out 2016 and train for the 2017 NFL Draft.
I'll never understand the benefits of smoking... # tobacco free florid a meets #Real Life
Thoughts from Sunday: Robbie Keane seems like a fantastic teammate.
I've never felt so bad for declining an invitation to a party # S t u f en fete
I am absolutely SHOCKED that # Bid en leaked his son's dying wish to Maureen Dowd...SHOCKED I tell you. # bid en 2016 #GOP2016 #PJNET
"Selfie is a very highly feminized word." # revelation # w o w # mind blown # t r u
When # bad things happen, it's better to # laugh about it, then # cry over it. This is why I have such a # dark sense of # humour .
I need more jokes about disabled people and fat people and poor people since they're still fair game. Specifically women
When your school hires the most professional teachers
Ooooooo - passive aggression. My favorite.
Love when my phone rings and I can't even see who it is / answer it.
Apple invented the pencil, Microsoft the pen and the eraser. amazing times, eh?
I just love school, lets get out learning on!
# minister i all ist # The SAINTS come marching in...
Also...a big thanks to all those big restaurant corporations for making eggs and bacon do damn expensive now. ..
Here's my running commentary during my morning commute: "Nice blinker."
Look, a woman on stage... She isn't talking about fashion?! Who knew it was possible?!
When you can't shower before class because you're suitemates don't unlock the door>>>>>>>>>
Are #Corporate Kane and #Demon Kane the same?! They look so similar. I wonder if #Demon Kane will make #Corporate Kane mad if he loses
I changed by relationship status to **In Relationship** Freind : Who's that unlucky Me. : My fridge...
A twist on an old slogan -- tweet if you love jesus # J e s u s t w e e t e r s
I love applications whose update process is so important that it needs to interrupt whatever I'm in the middle of… # annoyed
Charles Leno is really having a great year # Bears # what else can you do wrong
I love it when things don't work
"Twitter is like an outlet for my deeper thoughts." me: And then there's mom.
That's definitely the pep talk I needed this morning # go away
Destiny getting microtransactions ... didn't see that coming.
Speak loudly and directly to him and he hear s nothing. Mumble unintelligibly to my s elf and he s ay s "What did you s ay??" # h u s b and s
whenever you want to draw something well for someone, always leave barely enough time to complete it. .
2 large mcdonalds fries for dinner... yay # healthy eating
Preparing myself for thr best day possible
Graphic game of sniping ppl's heads off,landmines & machine gunning civilians fine.BUT DON'T SHOW REAL FOOTAGE OF FLOODED ST! # r h y l
Sure do love waking up before my alarm lately...
I've decided to join Twitter as I feel it would be a very boring experience without me.....
Can't wait to see your god smite those responsible for the removal of ten commandments from Oklahoma capitol.  is fun. GET OVER IT!
You're telling me the refs blew a call IN Seattle giving them the game?! I don't believe it
Sometimes I can't watch people being so fake! I really want to slap 'em so hard when they fool around..  #Thug Life
eat → eat ↑ ↓ eat ← eat
The most dangerous specie is -- OF COURSE Human! # is world #Thug Life
#RWC2015 So we should have a verdict in the Michael Hooper foul play case roughly next Sunday.
# office 2016 is perfectly stable on OSX El Capitan - as long as you use the Windows version on a VM # w e l l d o n e m i c r o soft
As long as we know it’s NOT your fault, then everything is ok.  #Take Responsibility Tuesday #COMPETE
A well deserved day of sleeping in til 5:30 am . # i could have slept in t i l 6 am # man its dark out
Domi gave all her power for Ana # bye p o me :p
I see Novak is having trouble with Bolelli... # not
Theresa May reckons immigration is harming British society - I blame the Romans and Anglo Saxons
Some guy told me my hair looks nice, i feel violated and proves how much of a misogynistic society we live in # you sound like am or on
Long wait is over.Flight tom & I haven't finished packing my things yet.& great I have work tonight.  #somanythingstodosolittletime
Nice mail I received today!  "Database connection error (2): Could not connect to MySQL. Cliquez ici pour vous désinscrire." :)
"We are now part of the tribe!" Han Solo: just what I always wanted!
This # summer got me like : # too much fun
puts people off - Be # straight :) communicate your mind without fear # mental health # Happiness # critical thinking # en t re p re ne u r
America: 8 year old girl dies when boy shoots her with dad's shotgun. If only she had a gun to protect herself # tragic #Gun Violence
I must say that is a great way to get over the infamous #GREENBAY call from a few years ago, a real great way.  #MNF #LIONS KX
I love feeling wide awake on a cold and dull morning!!!
Oh my god you used that one Grizzly Bear song off of Veckatimest in your artsy video, you're soooooo original
An 8 year old kid shoots a 3 year old kid for not giving her puppy. Yeah. Keep those guns, America. Real smart. Aggressor? Nah.
It's not like I have an 8am tomorrow morning or anything... # dedication #M T V Fan Wars5 S O S Fam
Another week of work begins tomorrow. Another week of my life *poof* disappears. # p o s i t i v ity # for the win # depressing t we et # sorry
Thanks mom for being sooo proud of me..  .. no matter what I do, it's never good enough..
Binge watched season 5 of #The Walking Dead today. I'm going to sleep like a baby tonight!
Thanks Mena for trying to stay up
Look an actor from one show is tweeting about another. The horror.
Why is it that the very one that makes all the rules is usually the first one to break them? Humored by that!
Perfect night for my night time meds not to work.
Y'all make fun of Russ Wilson for loving God but when his team keeps inexplicably winning games what other reason exists? # get off me
If your bed breaks in the middle of the night, you know you're doing it right. # m o sly true # go figure # N s f w # t wit t e r after dark
Now watching a documentary on zombies & monsters because surely that will help me fall asleep
Tonight was another quality job by the NFL Booking Committee. # sort a
So # Sea hawks have a game given to them by the refs when they should have probably lost....unreal... 12th man is the ref!
"My... My... A redhead followed me. Should I be scared?"
Seattle gets a favorable call at the end of a game? No, cant be true...
Cooking for 18 hours straight is so much fun. I don't want to go to sleep at all
# sea hawks are now SB contenders and leading all #Power Rankings
Thanks Megatron, hold on to that ball and I win my fantasy match up this week. #MNF # Over rated
What is the world coming to when 2 bums can't have sex in the alley without being bothered by the POlice? # downtown life # d e n v e r
Btw that was clearly Jim caldwells fault..
Even if India 's ranking will become 10th in T20 nd ODI.... We will support you #MSDHONI # India #Indvs S A
Even if you loose back to back 10 series .... We will support you #MSDHONI # India #Indvs S A
And now Bennett is hurt. Everything coming up # Sea hawks right now.
If only we still had Kellen Moore on the team still. That would solve all our problems. #MNF #D E Tvs S E A
What is Draft Kings? Fan Duel? Never heard of them.
People catch fish in this market in Seattle??! # never seen it never never never seen that # Sea hawks
No way they throw fish in # seat t le ? Lol
Summer Rae hits John Cena with a tire iron backstage and Rusev take the U.S. title...AGAIN...and then he will marry her!  #RAW
This will really boost ratings  #RAW
The g8 thing ab life is when ur stressed people put more responsibilities on u and when ur chill u have like 2 solid no stress days
what a great ending to a great day # not # today sucked
And it's going fantastic!  hence the
This is really off to the great start I was expecting!!!  #What Even
What a shock, the dude's dead. Never saw that coming.
Sleeping in till 7 am tomorrow no way this has to be a joke I'm so excited  fuck you
School is going to be fun tomorrow
Oh my God Jane is rebelling. I am so shocked a grown woman can leave a car. # Blind spot
The Bella's comebacks tonight have been amazing tonight.  (they actually suck)
Oh Nikki's wearing a Yankees hat in Boston to remind us she's still a heel. Those clever #WWE writers! # w we raw
".....Though bein' your deadliest foe so far, I'm wearin' ye're skin...."  P.s. #letterto Satin
Cameraman focused at the entrance ramp... I WONDER if someone is coming?? #RAW
Being ignored is easily the best feeling on earth
Gee, I wonder what happens next.  #RAW
I WONDER if we're going to get some Kane pyro? #RAW
my level of is to a point where I don’t even know if I’m # kidding or not.
What did Russell Wilson do to his O-Line in the offseason? They clearly hate him. # Mostly #Actually True
# Peep le : because if there's one thing that brings out the good in people, it's online comment boards
A3. Mall of America. Then I tell my tourist friend that I go every week to get groceries there.  #T C Talk
RT TinaReedMarie: One more go- # flood # d m s # p m # wine # ha r le y # t i m s # la knights # journey #and r o i d # k i k # p of # fishing # c and les # sun se …
I believe Sin Cara would win this match #RAW
One more go- # flood # d m s # p m # wine # ha r le y # t i m s # la knights # journey #and r o i d # k i k # p of # fishing # c and les # sunset # bonfire # b o n j o v i
And Heather will let every one know now that she knew..is she so nice?  #RHOC
We appreciate Newton's response to our injured players.  No trainers present and a slow EMT response is unacceptable!
I think we need another Steve Jobs movie.
Whew! Now THIS is the Lions team I've know. Thought they'd never show up! # un fortunate l y
Really enjoying the yelling, slamming doors, and running up/down the stairs tonight. You go duplex neighbors, you go.
But seriously...anyone know a place I can bet on fantasy football? You would think they would advertise....right?
Oh, hey, Hollywood re-booted Peter #Pan Movie! A beautiful solution to this world's unfortunate lack of # writers . # j e s u s c hr ist
So glad we traded for Wright
2 1st downs in one drive? Superbowl bound bay bee.
Oh how I love being in cabs with drunks #Just Bethel Cab Things #P F D Season
Third commercial break, next dq finish. Great match # raw
6 man tag with three commercial breaks... This will bring ratings! #WWE #RAW
What a quick response Majel! # pull it together # trek class
Ummmm Orton is in this match...how are we going to do Orton vs Sheamus tonight then!?! Im disappointed. #RAW
Excited that the DVR picked up Se2Ep1 of CSI:Cyber !!! Can't wait to get started with the new season!
Perhaps we should hire officers that are not scared of everything... always in fear
Oh joy, Frank Miller is bringing Superman into his new comic. Because he really gets the character and writes him so well.
Sending the previous tweet even takes a lifetime. # g l o b e s u c k s
Leaving work when it's dark....yeah, that's what I live for.
I love being a terrible person
What a nice way to start of my day.
i have the best luck :)))) # why me
Got a marriage proposal fr a stranger as his intro to connect w/me on Skype. Oh yeah, dating life is heating up! #Relationship Goals
Who had the bright idea to let Trent Dilfer have a "Dimes" segment on SportsCenter?
My brother: Carson, you need to stop being sarcastic. Me: Whaaatever. I'm only sarcastic on days that end with a y.
Conquer and permanently occupy the entire world  #Make America More American
Don't you just love waking up to a sore throat and a stuffy nose. I know I do
Should be a good radio show. Looking forward to all the great ideas about improving the offense.  #G Tradio
I love when people are so selfish that theyll do anything, even if it takes ruining multiple peoples lives, to get what they want
YES! I JUST GOT A SUMMONS FOR US DISTRICT COURT JURY DUTY! YES! YES! YES!
COOL. my day just keeps getting better.
Great service at the Tim Hortons On Newman in LaSalle at the Canadian tire gas station  #Tim Hortons
Well...what an entertaining start to the week...
So that I'm clear- bad negative and downright crappy news are all reasons to buy stocks right? $SPX $SPY
Of course conservatives speak for us all. I say "jolly good" all the time! # je re my hunt # news night #Conservative Party Conference
Yes. Quite. I'd love to do it on the floor next to a fucking IKEA Unit.... .... #Sex Diaries...
This day just keeps getting better & better
Thank you for keeping my trying-really-hard-to-not-be-clingy self POSTED.
My family makes me feel so loved.
You just can't be sexy and a hustler.
I love when you do something nice for someone and they respond by acting like a jerk. It just gives me the warm fuzzies.
#Dear Customer please don't ask for a manager and expect to be helped before all 30 people in line #retail Life
So I got up at 5:30 to add a total of 123 words to my MS. Sooo worth it # am writing
Yankees starting off the postseason quite well.
Nice to see Gotham stopped lying to itself and decided to become The Jerome Show feat. Jim and Bruce.
#TPP gives Corporations far more power but I'm sure it'll be just fine. What could wrong? # c d n p ol i # e l x n 42 #Stop Harper #Vote N D P
I just want you, that's it. All your # flaws l, # mistakes , # smiles , # giggles , # jokes , . Everything. I just want you.
#A J Stream Re: Do It for Denmark... because we all know that unwanted children have the very best chances in life! # child free
Wow, having my own office has really boosted my productivity level # turn that music up
Nothing better than a sore throat and a headache!!!! :)))))))))))))))))))))
Omg,I have to work for a whole 27 seconds 2 afford a # plastic bag , such a waste of my time, I demand a # pay rise ! #Plastic Bag Charge
Locking yourself in the bathroom just to get a few minutes alone is a great way to spend the day.
Meeting about stuff so often that you don’t have time to do the stuff you meet about is only slightly counterproductive. # ironic
Buffaloes in the country wondering, they are also yamraj's vahan, but they are not in news. #Beef Politics
REALLY enjoying all of these gun control posts on fb.
Oh joy the only way is Essex is back so the wife tells me.
Deziani stole £13b...yes, you know what else she stole? Saturn's rings. She must be sent to Azkhaban. # a w o n b u r u k u d em
Stories, quotes and poems, aren't I the full package. -_-
... when you're so clever that literally nobody picks up what you're saying and they just think you're an idiot. # screen writing
I'm so prepared for the rest of today!
We must do something about the #Income Inequality between ppl that write words & ppl that read them. Pay actors less than writers.
I'm doing all of my grocery shopping!
I'm getting all of my housework done!
I'm being so productive right now!
Sure we will do our work and your work.. No problem .. I love working 12 plus hours on a Monday! # patience # help me # k arm a right
Chelsea and Nick should hook up. They're both so loyal  #YR
Call me Makoto Naegi or Nagito Komaeda because I always got the best luck
I love it when people ignore me
When my kids grow up, I hope they turn out to be like Zach Kassian!! :D  #Go Habs Go
Well, what a fantastic night of sleep.
Applying for jobs! So many options. I could bag grocieries, I could make pizza, sell cars or phones. It's all sooo exciting...
Is my phone really shuffling to "I'm a survivor" while I travel home from work. # B ruh ?
I never thought that COW will become this much Holy that people will start playing Holi of Blood.
3 attempts to dry shirt tonight.... Now going to gym a little damp. Woo hoo
Some of y'all need to try out for the NFL
I love the smell of white men arguing pointlessly on Facebook.
I Love men teaching women how to open her heart& get a man to open his, when he himself has never opened his heart to a woman
Watching a proposal on paternity court. Turns out romance isn't dead after all! # why am i watching this
Has there been a police investigation into either Cash Converters or CEX. They buy things very cheaply and sell at massive profits.
This is good and all...but where's that battleship sequel? # t r a n s f o r m e r s # has b r o
If this data breach occurred with Yahoo I’m sure Rotogrinders would have handled this situation in a similar way
Meanwhile Ishant Sharma uploaded his Fb status : Throwing bottle with Ravindra Jadeja and 99 others...  #Indvs S A
Modi is responsible for todays loss. Let us all make him communal and declare him threat to the country. #Ind Vs S A
Wow! Everyone see all the looters?! Stay classy SC! :-D  #S C Flood
S/O to the SLC for coming in clutch and opening early enough to print something for an 8 am class.
My creative side hasn't found me yet. # quotes #life quotes
I guess the crowd is helping grnd staff to clean stands by "collecting" bottles at a place. Makes their tedious job easy! #Indvs S A
You can tell i'm having a great day by looking at the huge coffee stain on my pants...
m a t h s home work my favourite # m a t h s # home work
KD should immediately go to Europe to play as Steven A Smith has threatened him. His career is over.
You know you're doing the student life correctly when you spend over £15 on takeaway in 2 days
"We're the bad boys of being bad! We're like ...nice." - me and my new gang # funny # l ol #F4F # follow 4 follow #FOLLOWBACK # jokes
Wow the answer to getting along and building solidarity is SO HARD...Idk how to show that I'm being sarcastic when I type so...
Spectators in Cuttack have halted the ongoing cricket match by throwing bottles. Wat is this Modi ji? Ache Din eh?  #Media Wants Riots
This whole thesis and research thing isn't as fun as it sounds......
The problem isn't gun control, it's mental illness, and we'll do nothing about that also
wow Bergevin said he does not support Kassian being out at 630am...Really? now i totally didn't see that coming!
What a blow that job had on her! # Original # India # jokes # start up
my moms in a great mood otday.
At least it hasn't been roasting hot in my office this afternoon # over heating
Highlight of RWC so far has been after any game someone tweeting 'if you turn over to itv +1 (enter team) haven't lost yet' # L o l z
Appearences. Money. Time. Money. Goodbyes. # good con versa t ion
I'm so shocked Matt Williams is fired.
Wow! I can't believe Matt Williams got fired!
maybe this will be the "TRUE" SMTIV fufufu
Dusty Baker the next Washington Nationals ?
talked to a few friends. I'm doing the Cinnamon challenge this Saturday! I'm so excited I can't wait... # c inn am on # challenge
Some people tell me they think I'm sarcastic, and I truly appreciate their input. # jokes # one liner
India 59-4 after 10 overs... Hmmm looks promising #Indvs S A #T20
Yes the answer to the gun problem is this country is more guns.  check the stats for mass shootings and police killings in UK.
Have to go back to # dentist # Friday t h e 13 t h for a root canal..for some reason I've got a bad feeling about t h is. # humor #Star Wars
The lifetime coaching achievement award goes to Nyack College's softball coach # life lessons
Love having vendors come in to hock their widgets... Mechanical thromboembolism gidgets today...
WOW, I love mondays! Such a good morning!
I love when people who aren't in production agriculture dominate class discussion about crop bail outs and current crop issues.
I am joking roughly 89.67% of the time. # b ants # cant stop wont stop #Team A I Mazing FuSe # jokes
Getting some good feedback from my latest side project. Who knew Mary Jane had so many fans?
It's # world teachers day ? Wow, I feel so much more appreciated and valued and, oh nope, just kidding.
Dammit, Brandon Weeden why did you blow that coverage?!  People in Dallas are being ridiculous.
Has anybody seen the Blackhawks cup ring? Becaus I can’t find a pic of it anywhere.  #Its Everywhere
I absolutely love sinking into depression every time the conversation turns to Professional Projects. It's the BEST.
Today is going to be a great day  #I Wanna Go Back To Bed
I have to hate you now for taking my spot. Way to make my Monday morning even better.
I kno they're laying on my bladder cz I can feel them sinking as I relieve myself. The joys of motherhood.
Always love these 8am mornings, spending 3 and a half hours doing chemistry  #Gotta Do What You Gotta Do
Ang sweet sweet sweet kong anak. HAHAHAHA
I love having a test 8am it just makes my day so much better
# shopping bags Oh well, at least it's 5p for a new bag, looking about there's already so many old bags around!!! :) # bags
Never saw that finish coming in the woman's match.
Delhaize has an English/ # m u r i c a section in the supermarket so happy I can now buy marshmallow fluff & horseradish!!!
Great time for my cousins to reach out to me after five hundred years # no p e
Gonna be an awesome first day back
Doing super well on 3-4 hours of sleep.
I love all the free time I have this semester
Well ... That was an amazing sleep
I love that my body clock now wakes me up five minutes before I am supposed to be up regardless of how much sleep I have had.
I have read 3 blogs, live health y and exercise……now I am going to write a book about living health y. # fitness # health
This commuting to uni mallarky is going exceedingly well...
What a glorious morning rain rain and oh wait more fucking rain # need some sunshine
When the people on your floor are being loud
yey, I have uni today after 4 months of free time. yeey, the excitement. # irony or ?
Le me busy plotting evil. Hohoho
I'll never ask anything, just your love.
Love over-running engineering on a Monday # Banbury
It’s disappointing how some of the PN parliamentary members have much less money in the bank than myself and numerous other laymen.
Watching a advertisement on Youtube and there is a advertisement before the start of the video! Wth! #Biggest Thank You
Yey!! The rain has arrived.....no hint of  there at all
Twitter: where we post our opinions/views on topics in hopes that everyone agrees. If not they don't know shit.
Netflix stopped working for over a day. It was agony!
Clearly my teachers watch football if they ALL gave me a test this week # no mercy #4 t e s t s h e l p m e i m crying
Weekend over, back to the grind tomorrow, yay.. # insomnia
In case you guys forgot, the Arch of Triumph in Palmyra was built by an oppressive patriarchy. Why are you upset it's gone?
Lol I love how much you've changed and become so fake!
was created to confuse the #Stupid People .
5am on Monday morning, my favourite time of the week
That put a wonderful end to an already shitty weekend!
I really love when a guy uses the word bitch as a term of endearment to me...bringing chivalry to a whole new level  #No Scrubs
Oh ... no post game political wrap up Bob costas? Too bad ....  #SNF
Good thing God was in New Orleans tonight to help CJ Spiller on that last play
Friggen Written! Who calls tails on a coin flip!!! # crap ol a
Holy crap! Drew Brees is washed up!
Now that was a good playcall.
So so so excited for heavy squat day tomorrow
Well, I didn't see that coming.
Aaaaaand our first five day week at school arrives along with another heavy depressive episode for me!!!
Amazing tackling by our secondary.  #Cowboys Nation #D A Lvs N O
Second alarm tonight - todays lecture will be # awesome
But why didn't they have Caitlyn on there she's a woman in their family too
Spent the weekend camping with the family. Best 48 hours of my life!!
It's amazing!!!.. A broken marriage, family and business all in one episode.  #Bar Rescue
Thanks, # W i n d o w s 10 for restarting while I had multiple documents open. Not like I was doing anything anyway.
"Do you have your goalie gear here?" Yes, because I carry 50lbs of gear everywhere everywhere I go. # tend y life
I'm in bed before eleven because I like watching my ceiling fan spin until I fall asleep at 3 am. # reading
Yea we going to win this game on field goals
like if my dog could be a little bit more of a pain in the ass tonight i would appreciate it immensely.............
The acting is SO GOOD.  #FTWD
I'm thinking about playing Draft Kings or Fanduel. Anyone got any promo codes? # every other commercial
Ahhh , saints / cowboys , battle of 2 qbs that can't complete a pass over 8 yds.... so exciting...... # saints # cowboys
The U.S is preparing for the zombie apocalypse. How else would you explain why ppl own so many guns&automatic weapons? # logic
OMG! John Gibbons had the refrigerator in the locker room filled with Powerade instead of Gatorade. #Fire Gibbons # joking
OMG! What are we going to do? JG called a TO at end of first half. Don't leave time on the clock. Ever. Under any situation.
OMG! John Gibbons managed two 40 home run players, a #MVP candidate and #Cy Young candidate. # f i r e g i b b o n s # joking
OMG! John Gibbons guided the #Blue Jays to the playoffs for the first time in 22 year he better be fired! # f i r e g i b b o n s # joking
I really love that # h u l u has added more commercials in order to "encourage" us to upgrade our subscriptions.
Talk of past family events. Fun times! # t o g e t h e r n e s s rocks
"I led them to the north gate..." Yes, because 2k walkers are gonna stick together, no strays. # genius plan
Sounds like a home game for Dallas on tv. What happened to this "dome field advantage?" Best fans in sport though.
Kody is going to do it his way despite his wives disagreeing with him? I'm shocked. Shocked I say!!!  #Sister Wives
# shit my boy friend says when I flip off the TV, "you're such a debutante" # he loves me anyway #N Ovs D A L
Just finished watching the Browns game... Great job guys!
Well that was a great defensive series # cowboys
Clearly the A's have horrible team chemistry
Woe Worsfold named as Essendope Coach...didn't see that one coming
I'm really glad that I get to watch Dallas get utterly obliterated by Brees.  #D A Lvs N O
There is nothing I enjoy more than wasting endless hours at an airport. #Said No One Ever
I'm no defensive genius like Rob Ryan, but I think I'd stack the box and make Weeden throw it.  #Rob Ryan Not A Genius
This essay is going to be A1
#OUAT They're waiting screen time on Regina's lack of dancing skills?! Yeah bc character development is overrated
My Geography homework is starting to feel tedious. Why is having a Road Traffic Accident such a risk and how can it be controlled?
oh no. robin was taken. # queer y tales # o u at
A curse?!?!?! NO WAY! #OUAT #Once Upon A Time #Dark Swan
Yay kids out screaming in the dark. It's a school night,and how about just not screaming like an asshole.good job parents
#OUAT the queen of Camelot is another adulteress. Great.
I sure am glad my # Eagles traded Nick Foles for Sam Bradford # Phil a del p h i a
Magic Johnson at Levi's today? Welp, that squashes the LA fans' dreams of him being the secret investor.
So I win the real MVP fantasy award today because I sat Tavon Austin and Jeremy Hill
One teenager son is enough for anyone! # driving me crazy
Why have 1 guy to talk to every night when you can have lots of guys to talk to every night # am i right # i just want one guy # not 10
Oh no! The 48 was eliminated from the #Sprint Cup. I'm so sad.  #NASCAR
We're playing vs Ravens this year. Totally wonder who Jim Harbaugh will be cheering for that game.
I really interested in knowing that
The referees are on a roll.  #Cardsvs Rams #GOCARDS
Cold cup of tea..... What dreams are made of... # cold tea # e w w w # brew
Gotta watch the highlights on #fsmidwest...wait a minute, there are no highlights... # s t l cards
Let's watch the OC make some great calls here for #49 e r s offense.
I think James Jones is washed up.
Wow. I'm really, really bad about hiding my feelings and the like when I'm exhausted. This is going to go well, I can feel it.
James Jones was not a very good pick-up for the Packers...  #Go Pack Go
Well this is 'kinda' exciting. #NASCAR #AAA400
And what's in the TPP? Oh ya, we aren't allowed to see it 'til AFTER it's passed. Sounds logical, fair, and emancipating! # tyranny
Duke Johnson got injured?! Shocker! # B r owns
Jared Cook get stripped of a ball he caught? #No Way # R a m s
#4 Hellraiser 3: Hell on Earth - yes, let's have him talk a lot and use puns, great idea mini #D L Mchallenge #31 days #31 movies
I can already see the TUAlert if something like that were to happen. "Shooter on campus. Avoid the area. Non-Temple related".
It's reassuring when there's a problem with your flight & the gate agent is storming around frantically like a w/out a head.
How good is the wind in spring #Hayfever Sucks
I'm not worried about a threat to Temple especially when you have a crack squad of savvy, motivated personnel like Temple security.
Tigers beat Pale Hose 6-0 to finish season 74-87. Should provide good momentum for next season! # like a bowl victory
Don't ya love it when they use your classroom on Saturday for the SAT & on Sunday your computer won't boot? #Teacher Problems
Wondering if the #S T Lvs A Z announcers are Rams fans ... # bi a sed
It's okay keep playing go 18 free baseball #S F Giants
Last tweet was missing  for the zero of you who care
Had three customers that have told me I sound like Ariana Grande when I talk...cool young and airy is a great way to sound
Diggs should have been inactive this week too!
Freeze really putting in work today
Man. These NFL refs are really showing off how good they are today.
I love how the Packers make Kaepernick look like a Pro Bowler every time they play the 49ers
Shoutout to PSN for fucking up while I'm trying to buy a game
A sack from the right side of our O-line? So strange...
# m us grave called a helluva game # c o n s e r v a t i v e # raiders
This just in: Denver's defense is GOOD.
People being picked off in a science/military/space base by a monster, we haven't seen this 1,000 times before.  #Doctor Who
Ally McCoist will be the new Liverpool manager by the end of the week. # super ally # born for the job # natural progress ion
Shocked the Refs didn’t flag the Niners for causing that false start.
Love woodys reaction to lols mum slappin her!  #This Is England90
Rodgers has a TD already that means his PFF rating is -100. Meanwhile Bridgewater is 8/10 and his PFF rating is +100.
Another gutsy win over a quality opponent by the Super Bowl-bound Colts...#borrowed time
That Aaron Rodgers TD pass should get a negative analytics grade. Far too much scrambling, play was too short. # s m h #NFL
So the # J a g s lost to the NFL Over-40 team, # nice
Quality loss today. Way to go Jags!
Then Foles throws a td on his opening drive. Great Sunday. # eagles
Three quarters of the field a lap down before the race is half over. So exciting. #NASCAR
I hope Hawkins chokes Donaldson after he just loafed it to first base and didn't play the game "the right way" on that groundout
# J a g u a r s win toss -- for once Gus doesn't defer.
What a great time to be a Philadelphia sports fan!!!!!!!!!!! # crickets # Phillies # Eagles
At least the Eagles have their timeouts
It's ok...the Eagles still have all their timeouts. #26 seconds
love ppl all up on Twitter talkin crap about how the Jays should have done this&that!  ya'll probably hopped on the wagon last wk
I love finding out big family news on the Internet...
Good to see strength of team step up # Bills
Field goal makes tons of sense since you're down 14 and have shown a real propensity for shutting down Cincy's offense. # chiefs
Weight loss tip of the day: when at a buffet, stop going back for 2nds and 3rds.. and 4ths.. # diet # weight loss # health
I just want to point out that Winston is WAY better than Mariota
This might be the first #Blue Jays game I turn off all season ... Thank god this is a meaningless game
Been a good weekend away from work. Back to the old grind tomorrow tho. Yay.
Congratulations # butler # rays . You're the best. . Go # b l u e j a ys go.
Another fine day in my house
Terrible catch Odell, way to stay in bounds!  #N Y Gvs B U F
This airport has changed so much since the last time I was here.
Greg Gumble should check his privilege after making a shooting himself in the head motion on tv. # how does 1 check their privilege
Prince Fielder just got on base via a hit. Wow!! it must be Sunday today.
I tried # Zen once....It only pissed me off. # humor # irony # funny
I'm sure Albert Pujols' career resurgence is completely natural.
What a thrilling offense the Raiders run.
Good thing the Houston Texans have spent so much draft picks and money on that defense. It's really paying off.
This is a Super Bowl offense, don't even bother saying otherwise. # Chiefs
Can't wait to run when I get home
I only msg u to check internet connection... Don't get excited 󾍇󾌫 󾌰󾌴 # you
See, I told you their kicker was going to make it. Now if only he could kick for both teams......  #Eagles Talk
When did Andy Dalton get so good? # Chiefs
The kicker finally makes a kick. Woo Hoo!  #Eagles Talk
Thanks to everyone telling me it was wrong. I actually hadn’t noticed!
Bradford drinking the Chip Kelly racism kool aid. Overthrows Matthews, hits Cooper. “Those coloreds should be faster.”
Witch hunts, inquisitions, crusades; we know how to party - your church # irony
Good thing I didn't bring my golashes.
Big 12 has 3 teams in top 10. TCU, Baylor, and OU. Impressive for the 4th best conference in power 5 conferences.
This has been a fun game so far  #Bills Mafia
JJ Watt sure makes a difference in Houston.
Lots of MPs quitting because of bad Tweets & Facebook posts, but NOBODY quitting over niqab? How odd.
My fantasy team is absolutely killing it today
Worst part of tsa ??? When senior citizens that don’t understand technology pull you aside for being too technical YAY!
Oh no not Dwayne Harris please no shoot darn..... #NYG #he'strash
Thank you Pandora for knowing just what songs to play to make me remember. # i hate you # memories
The good news is Rick Smith will get a high draft pick.
A Rex Ryan coached team that's ill-disciplined, committing lotsa penalties? How unusual. #N Y Gvs B U F #NYG #Big Blue # Giants #NY Giants
Same about Rogers, one of Liverpool's greatest ever managers # united fan # cheers
Yep #S T L Cards look good today!  Holliday def needs more ABs-They need to work on sharpness & BASERUNNING! Can't do that in playoffs!
# Bills are looking pretty good today. Tough to beat when they're playing like this! #N Y Giants #N Y Gvs B U F #Buffalo Bills
BS penalty on Rowe and now an unlucky bounce. Can't wait to see what the Eagles offense can do!
Jameis with another pick. But he's great fam!
Ashley Theo should be on every lightweights radar. Definitely the fight the fight fans want # Box in g ? #Broner Khabib
So glad # Eagles offense is getting to rest through most of the game. Again.
Eddie Pleasant with a big penalty. Never happens.  #Texans Gameday
This Eagles sports science is really paying off
Bengals offense looks crazy talented...and that's without Jay Gruden. Hard to believe. I thought he was a visionary while there.
I love when Bradford "extends the play with his legs."  #Fly Eagles Fly
OPI and now a delay of game. Good job there, # Giants .
Thanks for kicking us out of the library and into the ocean we call a campus. You rock Kimbel Library
Completely different # chiefs defense with Sean Smith back
Jerome Garces, what a fantastic referee
Glad to see the Eagles were well prepared # Eagles
If only Alexis was world class
pretending to have someones best interest when you dont makes you rly fkn cooooool
Man alllll that money Texans giving JJ Watt (defensive player) sure has been doing them solid
First time around Camden earlier today for a leaving do. No Cumberbatch spottings unfortunately.
LVG is brilliant. Some days he brings back memories of SAF. Some other days, Moyes and ensures # nostalgia is eternal.
Looks like the defence took note of last week's game and showed up with energy and a smart gameplan. # Chiefs
Oh boy, I'm so happy Dick Stockton is calling this # Eagles game!
Thank you, state of Tennessee, for not allowing me the CHOICE to drink an alcoholic beverage before noon on Sunday at a restaurant.
Feeling rejected is the best feeling in the world...
I was told a Holstein was primarily for its meat.... # learn something everyday
I just love watching men hump the air to celebrate doing their job #NFL # college is way better
Great play calling inside the 5 yard line # fire them i am i dolphins
Up early on a Sunday for no reason and to make my day so much better I got a stiff neck # having a great morning #Thanks Bud
I love how people try to tell you how to get your life together,when they don't even have theirs together
Oh goodie, it's raining again in Hanahan. Cause we needed more rain. # c h s w x
I love cuddling and watching football alone, just such a great feeling
Oh, the horror! JP forgot the cold press! We're being forced to use the *gulp* percolator and chain market ground coffee. # survival
Depay off for Felliani? Yeah he's a game winner alright. And another winger at fullback, love it.
Oh Im PURRFECT at waiting. My patience is off the charts. Im so gonna have a blast this Oct. Im so lookng 4ward to it!Yay!  #B I Gtime
# Luck out today against the # J a g u a r s . Great. Another exciting weekend in my football life. # Colts
I don't have a short temper, I just have a quick reaction to bullshit
Never thought I would love Celibacy.
Oh no! We'll go 3rd if we lose!  #GGMU
I'm not watching NYJ-Mia, but those Tannehill stats, yikes. I still believe in the player. Maybe his new head coach helps. ?
We may need to rest Cech for the next game, the way he's worked his socks off this afternoon. # A f c #A F Cv M U F C # A r se n al # c e c h # coy g
It really breaks my heart the Dolphins are doing so poorly. ..Ndamukong Suh is such a great guy...
When in doubt...boot it forward to fellaini and hope he can Messi it into the goal
It's ironic, this is a game David ospina would be a great player in mr wenger #A F Cv M U F C
Loving all the new muddy waterfront property in downtown Charleston.
Scherzer got a no-no last night? Didn't hear about that. Not like it was all over Twitter last night.
So you guys thinking Alabama jumps to #5 Ole Miss fall to #6 ND falls to #7 and Clemson comes in at #8? # not really though
When I tell my dad the foods ready and he says "oh good I better eat, a skinny little guy like me will fade away"
Is Maradona at the #A R Gv T G A game? Wish they'd show him.
So excited to work from open to close!!! :-) # fuck in g kill me
It's a QB clinic being put on in # London # n y j # m i am i
"Why can’t SNP MPs just shag dead pigs like normal sociopaths err politicians?"
Can't believe Ospina's been dropped...!  #COYG #AFC #A F Cv M U F C
My English is soooo good it is # bad # bad english # study en g l is h
Tallahassee bound to look for hoco dresses... Yay
RT dailyabuse RT dailyabuse RT dailyabuse RT dailyabuse RT dailyabuse RT iamrizkhan8970 SRK Haters understand diff b/w n # Abuse . T…
RT dailyabuse RT dailyabuse RT dailyabuse RT dailyabuse RT iamrizkhan8970 SRK Haters understand diff b/w n # Abuse . Tameez se pesh …
Welsh Xavi on. I'm sure a win is now guaranteed. #LFC
I love journalists who don't fact check and can't remember where 80% of their arguments/sources came from # u g h an n #Serial Dynasty
Another brilliant substitution by Rodgers. #LFC
So down 10 and Jelani and Grimes are hurt. I like our chances . # life as a dolphin fan
RT dailyabuse RT dailyabuse RT dailyabuse RT iamrizkhan8970 SRK Haters understand diff b/w n # Abuse . Tameez se pesh ao to Sharafat…
I guess if I have to be at work all day, it's nice they've shut the water off and have begun demolishing the washroom facilities.
Good to see Philbin has this team focused and disciplined today. # Dolphins #Fire Philbin
dot a 2 is now very fun to play # dot a 2 reborn
RT dailyabuse RT dailyabuse RT iamrizkhan8970 SRK Haters understand diff b/w n # Abuse . Tameez se pesh ao to Sharafat Milegi. Naata…
The Zebre v Scarlets game will have fans flocking back to Parc y Scarlets
Love being up early on a Sunday!
SRK Haters understand diff b/w n # Abuse . Tameez se pesh ao to Sharafat Milegi. Naatak karoge to Naatak wala Reply hi Milega MIND IT
Super pumped that the Bucs lost last night and now we get two high intensity games in less than a week. # i m scared
A year ago today I moved to bradford...time flies when you're living the dream I guess!
can't wait to see the new yedong selca
It has come to our attention that some of our followers and re-tweeters might not pass a Turing test. The beauty of APIs...
I think setting the alarm off at the orchard is my favorite thing, ever, of all time.  #early A Mtvspot
tsss. very not stressing for only majors we're gonna have a final exam this week. # finals
Not only is today AWESOMe because your alarm failed to go off, but because you need an alarm on Sunday morning at all.
Up since 5:30am on my day off is even better.
I be like.. One of those... Who fight for rights with closed mouths.. And people shake already # H um our #Lets Bring It
With every TV comes an unfathomable remote with esoteric buttons. # quotes #life quotes
I can already tell this is gonna be a great day...
Thanks for the effort huh? Isang text okay na? Tss.
kmc02: business insider #Because Its Always Someone Elses Fault #U C C Shooting # pa renting # business #CNN
Thank God I was born in the 80's. I know where "#" actually started from  #old Phones #new Technology
Most unbelievable thing about #The Martian ? #NASA sends people to # Mars , but still, no # f on t
Good job we left so early... # c a f c
Why can't we do  for a living?
Need a caller tune which sounds like a busy tone.
Respect to singaporeans that can wear longsleeve shirts and tahan the weather.
Wow, there's such a thing as slutwalk for empowerment? Strutting the sidewalk in your slutty wear is empowerment? Just, wow!
wonder how the old timers killed time wen stuck in a chair without a fone in their hands..........Imagination??How Boring!
Let me tell you that I have the least # f o m o ever and that's not .
Thanks so much for that response it gave me all the answers I needed !!!!! # heavy
I really love it when flights are delayed  #hurrythe F V C Kup
I wonder if "The Handmaiden's Tale" has been translated into # e m o j is yet?
Heh heh. That was funny.  #Michiko And Hatchin
Haha. That makes you look really really classy!
I had a thought on the gun debate but the NRA paid me off.
Long ass day. And to find out I have to sleep on the couch is awesome.
Shannon made friends everywhere, huh? # U n authorized 90210
# e s p n #College Game Day # politic ally correct # wrong button # nice cover up thanks for dropping # C l em son coach for saying # God # t o o p c
It's a good thing the # Mets aren't going to face anyone as good as Scherzer in the playoffs.
I really know how to spend my weekends.
people who fuckin smoke weed at some hippy chill spot on snapchat are the best.
I'm glad snap chat told me there was a IU Football game like 30x. I had no idea.
I'M SO GLAD NEMETH IS GOING TO PLAY FOR HUNGARY.
Yay another year of getting out shot 30 to 10 every game!
Awesome. So stoked that this is happening.
Bader beat Evans. Man I can't tell you how disappointed that makes me.  Evans is a punk. #UFC192
I love it when halfway thru a server reset the whole config file crashes and you lose your progress.
Oregons DBs are all goin pro I'd have to say
Notre Dame lost so now they are gonna be Ranked #1. LOL. .
15 minute hot shower to de thaw from 2 days of beautiful Ohio weather. # divisional showdown
I'm getting sick so there's that to add to my great week that I've had
I probably would've ran the ball too!
Yall could be like me and work every Saturday of your life... You wouldn't have time to watch the football games.
Look at those classless fans rushing the field
Father of the year award goes to... My dad!
Another ND turnover. Couldn't happen to a nicer guy # i hate b r i an k ell y
Scherzer threw another no-hitter. Thanks Dombrowski/Avila! # Tigers
I just love how females work
That recovered fumble on the punt return has to be Fresno State's longest play of the night.
Is it me or does Brian Kelly seem like the kind of guy you'd love to spend some time with? # Irish
my snapchat is so funny, it makes me lolz # t o t e s re la table # the real me
Yuniel Escobar's error keeps Scherzer from having a perfect game. He owes Scherzer a HUGE steak dinner and maybe a Ferrari.
The # Irish really made some good adjustments during the half on offense #N Dvs C L E M
If a girl broke my 2k id break her neck.
Max Scherzer. Worst free agent signing ever.
I really like this Chiarot kid... Is he new? # bog o who ? # go jets go
I'm really proud of myself for waiting until the night before my photo shoot to decide what to wear...
If UK had beaten Fla two weeks ago, they would be in playoff talks tomorrow......
I want to make more sarcastic tweets that end with
Oh yay, I just choked on my food. Now I've got that sore throat feeling. So blessed. # spoon i e problems # choking like an idiot
Brock Lesnar beat The Big Show...oh no....I am so shocked.....  #WWEMSG
"Way to go, Defense. Way to go!" # b b n # u k vs e cu
I'm so excited that my store is open until 11.. there's still soo many people shopping. # this is dumb
#Daria's is everything. # c l a s s i c m t v # m t v #Bring It Back
What's the draft outlook on arkansas' TE? I haven't heard them say anything about it.
That's table abuse!!! I'm calling the authorities!
Mets fans are the definition of class # N a t i o n a l s
Injury update: Tokarski has shredded his confidence, might take 2-4 months to rehab. #Pre Season Means Everything # m t l hockey
Glad to hear the puto chants are back in style. #CF97
Good job by the refs for blowing the whistle in a timely manner so Harris didn't continue to be mauled for no reason.  #LSU
We're tied with a team that lost to Toledo. Worried? Nah, I'm not worried.
What a glorious sunny Sunday. Perfect for spending inside doing my taxes
Don't you just love it when clubs repeat songs!! # we are hull
Ok, so did one of the new rule changes become there is NO holding calls anymore?  #Go Vols #Beat Hogs
Good thing we have all 3 of our time outs going into half time.
Home field isn’t a big deal anyway.. # Mets
I appreciate my Rebels waiting until I'm off work at 9 to start playing tonight. # hot t y t odd y # ole miss
Wow, a 3 on 1 #Great Defense #T M L Talk
A six divas tag team match?!?!? Holy shit sweet! #WWEMSG
One direction is splitting up....wow never saw that one coming
Ty iPhone for erasing every single one of my contacts :-) I appreciate it very much
Well that first drive was fun to watch.  #N Dvs Clemson
One good stat from today's # H us k e r game. 422 punting yards Love my H us k e r s, but damn that was painful.
Given the story/ballad nature of Ian Anderson's songwriting isn't it time someone cashed-in and made a Jethro Tull musical?! # pro g
Also glad to see Ole Miss showing up to play UF tonight.
I see Pekka Rinne is already in mid-season form.
More brilliant SEC officiating in this game, I see.
Hey # H o g fans. Marc Curles is ref tonight. Nothing bad happens when he officiates. # he h o sed us and got suspended 2009
The fact that the entire stadium cheered when they showed the Steelers released Josh Scobee shows you how much people liked him...
getting dogs to play with each other is pure genius! they usually are such sullen creatures who just want to keep to themselves.
But he's supposed to win the big games though right? # H u s k e r s
Well, it looks like Rutgers is just going to have to be the one to take down Ohio State...sigh, always doing the dirty work
With all of these close games vs high ranked teams in big 10, must be a great conf.
I love being an adult and having drama in my life, it's like high school all over again
Good grief. So now Obama is ordering the bombing of hospitals?
So glad I turned on the Hogs game # they scored in 12 seconds
Bored as hell so binge watching in YouTube # fun
Hurray... Now we can look forward to Alabama suddenly being top 5 material again tomorrow. #B A M Avs U G A #S E Cbias
That Ohio State defense has SEC speed for sure
Oh yay, we get to listen to the great commentators again next week...  #Cant Even Get Names Right #Looking Forward To T N #Go Dawgs
Swear I had to be damn near a computer programmer to download iOS and upgrade non-working apps on my iPad. #Thanks Apple  smdh
What really hurt Texas today was the two missed field goals # c u t k r i s b o y d
Love having no time to do anything musical.
I used to care about what people thought about me until I tried to pay my bills with their opinions  taken a notch higher. ;-)
Ugh, I have to go to a Toronto wide media/art festival. My life is so hard  #Nuit Blanche
Pro tip: putting on a tie makes your shirtless selfie so much classier.
Ooooooh Bournemouth are good lol # m o t d # n c f c
"Break it to them gently" huh .. Cuz that was going to work .. .. ..
Typical Ohio state. Class all the way
Yay. Touchdown. Now we're only losing by 28 points. Woohoo.
Nick Chubb got is 100 yards. #UGA fans delight. Your RB got his yards!  #U G Avs Bama
There's the Cason Beatty we've come to know and love!
Ever wonder how many tweets disappear into oblivion, unnoticed, sad and lonely? Poor little tweets. # i n d i e d e v
I can't get enough of Christians who claim that non-violence or regulating guns is a "liberal" value.
ISN'T THAT A TOUCHDOWN REF?!?!?! SURELY THE WAY YOU MEASURE THEY GOT IN
Mike Leach is such a riveting interview.
Angelina Jolie's English accent is almost as believable as mine.  #Time To Change The Channel. #Not A Fan.
Will Bama jump into top 5 for this tho?.... Cuz ya know beating up on another SEC team is impressive right?
You know what REALLY helps when you're sick? Having no heat.  Michigan is rainy and cold af tonight. #Waiting For Maintenance
Well it looks like Ohio state's tough schedule is finally getting to them
Wait.. I thought Georgia was unstoppable.  #U G Avs Bama
Thank you for informing me of your child's puking habits. I was really concerned about them.
I enjoy watching Ohio State kick field goals # os u vs i u
This has been the best week ever...
Sam Burgess costing England the game again! # scapegoat
My fiancé won a hotel stay from a vendor at a bridal show. Bout to sit through a presentation on fine china. # excited
Well that was unexpected. *rolls eyes* .
Oh that's weird, Stewart dropped a pass.
Just so everyone's aware this is all Burgess' fault...
Good job, # Bell ! Only took you 21 hours to fix the Internet issue in our neighbourhood! # G reel y
Really proud of UT. They fought hard and kept it close today.
In bed at 9:15pm on a Saturday night, alone. # tops at u r day # ill bun n y # first time alone
I haven't had a drink in 5 days! Go me! # at its finest # trying to do good # my job makes me drink
Dan Cole lucky not to be binned - but Twix crowd knowledgeable as always ..  #E N Gv A U S #RWC2015
How proud do you feel to be English now... XD  #Rugby World Cup
This game is going great...  #Go Bucks
The problem is it's hard for Mat Latos to be effective when the Angels don't let him get into a rhythm
Well there goes the talk of a national championship happening
Glad we've been spending time in every practice defending the Ga Tech offense.  #UNCFB #U N Cvs G T
Dear Neighbor, Thanks for renting your house out to people who smoke weed. I never really did like fresh air.  #Stupidest W A Law
Gotta love waiting for the bus with two old racist white guys.  #Racism Lives Here
Today is just a great fantastic day!!!!!
Can someone tell me what song they're singing not heard that before at EVERY GAME  #E N Gv A U S
Well, # Texas , at least you have your own network, so you can analyze this one to death. #Longhorn Network # y i k e s #CFB
Yeah I'm so happy I had a midterm instead of going to the #Panda Game.  #Crying A Little Bit
Oh good, another barely held win, great offense  #Fire John Donovan
Decision of the day... Which beach to go too? Hmmm damn it's these intensely difficult problems that make life so hard
People say I'm too sarcastic. Ugh, tell me something I don't know.
Great, we have ourselves a QB!  #HOOKEM
We are on the comeback trail!!! #Hook Em
In Canada you're most likely to be killed by terrorists of french decent from Quebec than from the middle east. #Banthe Quebecois
Great win by Michigan state. That's why they are the number 2 team in the nation.
I speak four languages #Isi Zulu # English & # Shade it just depends on my mood which ever one I choose to speak at that time
Didn't support #SA to spite the #SCO fans. I'm sure the Scots won't be cheering for #AUS for the same reasons.  #Rugby World Cup
Odor takes out another second basemen? You don't say.
I know you’ve missed me. I’ve been updating my phone since I last tweeted. Fun way to spend a Saturday.
Chelsea are going to win the title for sure now
HOW DARE YOU SYNDEGAARD. Also, Mets fans are the height of class
Sorry to see Chelsea lose again
Shoutout to Medicaid for being down all morning until 1 hour before we closed. You the real MVP
I cant troll Chelsea anymore... Feel so freakin sad for them....
#O Uv W V U Well that was a well used defensive time out
What my country really needs is another Clinton or Bush in the White House.
I flip over to the PSU game and Hackenberg has like 80 yards on two throws. Looks good to me, what's the fuss about him struggling?
And fill the gap on their shortcomings. #Sign Me Up  #Still A Man Of My Word
#Battleof I10 2.0 ... Don't forget your bulletproof vests UTSA fans.  #Twitter Fail
I just LOOOOOVEEEE hearing how better off I am without Marcus and how I deserve better.
1 dead, 3 wounded, including 2-year-old, in Jerusalem stabbing attack This is cause for stricter knife laws! # gun control # knives
Oscar diving in the box. I don't believe that. He hasn't even got a reputation for it!
I'm sure I'm not alone as someone who has a lot of sympathy for Chelsea FC at the moment during this difficult time  #CFC #C F Cv S F C
I'm glad the guy I like has a crush on my friend. # this is great # done having friends and c rushes
AND I pulled a muscle at Zumba. It's been a great day.
Well this race is the height of professional motorsport #PLM
My friends never text back. That's love.
24 pts. Against the best defense in the country! Wow! # boo me r
PSA: When being sarcastic in the form of text, please use  or /s... Other people can't tell if you are being funny or serious...
US bombs hospital, Russia destoys ISIS Command Centre. But remember: the former are 'the good guys',the latter 'the bad guys'.
interesting Canucks line up.. no Vey , clearly he's earned a night off from winning his spot  .. Sutter with Sedins , 14-McCann-36
I have alot to share but will do it someone who listen... I'm not a dog to bark between people and get ignored....
A Charleston this early? They've got faith that Daniel will go far, quite clearly.... # Strictly
Bleh. Another #House Hunters feat. a couple with a $2-2.8 mil budget. Totally regular average people.
But, but, but... I thought Charlie Strong had Texas headed in the right direction?!  #Hook Em
WE GOT A FIRST DOWN!! #U Tvs T C U
The politeness of people overwhelms me
A whole afternoon & evening dominated by the #RWC ! How lucky am I? # i hate sport
I would like the thank the Big Ten Network for assigning Matt Millen to the Michigan game. .
Please can I see one more video of someone vomiting a rainbow on snapchat like they are the first to use it? Please....
Sister Marriott is from the Deep South?!?  #L D S Conf
Watching this powerhouse Gamecock defense ...  #S Cvs M I Z Z
Where is the Wild Knight?! # charge on
Oh damn, I was gonna go to the gym today but unfortunately the weather won't allow me. Awe damn #So Upset #Whyyyy Me
Gulla's punt goes 36 yards, which is three times his last punt #Making Strides
It's going to be interesting covering the # C l i p p e r s this year thanks to Lance Stephenson. LOL, buckle up #Clipper Nation!
Well, Texas, you've always got always got that win over Rice to talk about.
Sure is docile in Carter Finley.  #S T A T Ement
Got the snap & punt off # Progress #Horns Vs Frogs #DNS
Damn. I shouldn't have purchased that Nikitin third jersey now.
If  was a science I'd have my PhD
The birds must know its daylight savings cause they R chirping, just like how the cows will be confused and the curtains will fade
I love love love spending my birthday with a headache.
I'm pretty sure the proposed Italian law on videogames will be nice. Hey, after all the cookie law worked out so well.. Oh wait.
Im exceeding rage quota for the day. Signing off.
Finally watched Jurassic World. Didn't like the childless woman discrimination. Writer should issue an apology. # politic ally correct
You know, I DID want to go into work early and stay all day. Lucky me. # people suck
Weight loss tip of the day: substitute a bag of chips for a bag of salad. # diet # weight loss # health
Great our best rb and probably the best in the world starts, I am sure he will get at least 1 assist/goal. # c f c
Aguero with four today, but it's against Newcastle. Steve McLaren struggling as a manager, who woulda thunk
About Sergio Aguero. Clearly he's past it! # Hat trick
Gilas weren't able to get their game going but let's not blame the refs, we shouldn't, don't even think aboutt it. #Laban Pilipinas
Oh how I love to Super Lube my car, yes sir!!  #At Least Privide Wifi If I Have To Sit Here
That Chad Kelly story really makes Ole Miss look like a stand up program...
IU needs to go back to crappy crowds...SR 37 apparently can't handle the traffic.
Bringing an #NSA bag through the airport the week of a mass shooting? Totally cool.  #What An Asshole
Explaining the layout of a building to a woman who hasn't been to said building for 12 years is fun
It's nice that Facebook auto-plays videos again -,-
How did I know that was coming? # w h u f c
So you're special, different and unique but choose to live in the suburbs? I see. # l ol # mum b a i # b a be
Internet on # t ha i # i s l and s i s definitely fa s ter than in Barcelona! Hello developed world! :) Ye s , you call it We s tern Europe.
At least we gave it a go #WBA
It is my absolutely favorite time of the month..where I have to pay rent
I've only been up for 40 of the last 48hrs. I feel great. I don't say my kids keep me up, no instead I call it # insomnia by proxy
Great call ref...great call #F I B A Asia2015  #Theserefshavelostthegame
I don't think I've ever seen a stock Honda Accord and Saab race from red light to red light before. It was riveting. # h o n d a # s a ab
"I WON A... HUG! YAY! !" #for Life C H R I S T
Looks like a beautiful fall day to hit the links! # War hawks #Tartan Fields
Ref not doing his. China ball dapat yun e. Sheesh
Did I choose to be # ace ???? Of course. Who wouldn't want to be to the odd one out in this highly sexual world. # ace problems
D_K_22 # t e d f e r g s u on RT RT jdiamond655: It's sad when some one abuses a free tipster with a BAD record and TERRIBLE HAIRCUT :-) #RE…
t00nch1 # t e d f e r g s u on RT RT jdiamond655: It's sad when some one abuses a free tipster with a BAD record and TERRIBLE HAIRCUT :-) #R…
Clothes shopping for our engagement photo shoot in Central Park. # fun
Yeah so my neighbors decided to redo their deck at 7 in the morning . Goodlooks I hate sleeping anyways
: # Coffee equivalent for when you have to talk to... well to anybody.
First sign I saw when I got off the plane "home office - securing the UK's borders" ...and a fine job they're doing
Heading to the PLAC XC dressed in 3,456,782 layers. But "I LOVE this fall weather!"  #Where Is Summer Time #Bring On The90s
Gardner can hit them from 30/35 yards and as that's the closest we've got to their goal I see the logic inspired tone . .
Twitter, because everyone cares about your opinion. # c e le b r i ties # fuck off
One of the great things about being bipolar is how I never need to sleep anymore!  =
Can't wait for all these people to come get their security money.....
Love driving my car in the rain when I accelerate my tires spin :)  #R W Dprobs
I just love when the cat has running fits when it's dark out & I'm half awake and trying to get ready for work. Who needs coffee?
Mr Price amazes me each time I walk into the shop! What a wonderful selection of clothes!
Reviewing a metal core gig tonight… because I just love metal core.
Answering my dent mat manual from the start 'til chapter 11. Ang saya lang
Pain au chocolate for breakfast delaying my trip into town because I want to go SO badly!
530AM at the airport is not the time for a gallon of perfume. Looking forward to this flight!! # eyes already watering # g rump y
My day is already off to a great start by having raccoons around the van.
How some RWingers neva eva get
Imagine how much work was involved faking over 8200 moon images at hirez!
Clocks go forward an hour. So tomorrow I get to get up at 4am instead 5am, really, on a Sunday? Lucky me! # Australia
It's a feel good story going from 1 of the worst teams & straight into an already made champion team. Makes me wanna vomit # F raw le y
Id like to get an abortion for this 2yr old of mine. Call it "Late Term"?  The #Shout Your Abortion people are worth less than dirt.
I love waking up in the middle of the night & not be able to fall back asleep. It's my favorite.
So it was the #A F L Grand Final today so much more important than the terror of #Parramatta Shooting # not news
#UNSC put another overseeing body into the Sahel cause existing bodies have never failed 2 co-operate in times of terrorism  #NCMUN
Yup, that's going to make things better...
Heart meds are temporarily stopped & my body is freaking out. So, that's always fun.
It's not if it is # true
My sister is so stupid ... She unfollowed me on Instagram bc I yelled at her THAT ONE REALLY HURT MONAAA
I didn't even give you head and you made my jaw hurt # you talk too much # quote of the day # drunk words
I'm sorry to all the Dragons I will be offending this Halloween by dressing up as one.  #noteverythingisaboutrace
Everyone, thanks for the live tweets of the play by play. #U C O N Nvs B Y U # by u football
Oh how I love waking up just to drive 30 minutes and then go back to sleep.
Making more laws and regulations to attempt to stop people who already disobey the law just makes so much logical sense.
Temple and Memphis are 4-0. Think they'll make the college football payoff?
Hello Roy & HG! I'm ready for the #Festival Of The Boot #AFLGF #A F L Grand Final  Thee key word today is STRUCTURE!
So. 48 degrees and a 50% chance of rain for soccer in the morning. That sounds awesome. I love you, soccer season.
I bet BYU must be one heck of a partying school on the weekends!
Anae why don't you try the draw?
The # Saud is , in difference to the ummah, waited for morning prayers before bombing # Ye men . Our friends...
What!!! It's not live, it's lip synced. # shattered font #AFLGF # game day
# by u player doing something dirty? Color me shocked
lol trey thinks it bothers me when he blocks me...unblock me...Could you please ??? I'm crushed... # i d g a f
Yeah let's make guns illegal the problem will go away. Drugs are illegal too. And they're definitely not a problem anymore!
One more day of school holidays so looking forward to homework to waking up early
Pretty sure I'm getting sick. Great.
No wonder the government is broke. All these funds going to their agents to distract the nation with false flags!
I love leaving work so I can come home and work job 2.
It's October, ladies. Time to start planning whatever # sl u tt y version of some normal thing you'll be going as for # Halloween . #FYI
Oo it's Friday ? didn't notice, evansville be too turnt
FB : 200 frends online bt no 1 chats. Twitter : who cares tht who is online & who is nt jst tweet with  #Twitter Vs F B
So great to see the Reds playing October baseball. . # regular season
you hate them after they met? whoaaaa how big your love is, daebaaaakkk
I was just given credit for my "impressive math skills". $3.62 - $3.12 = 50 cents is HARD.
Hey TSN, as a CFL fan I'm so fecking happy that I get the absolute thrill of preseason Leafs hockey... >.<
As I ride public transportation in Chicago I sit thinking how this is WAY better than watching my favorite baseball team...
Away from my family. Listening to a fat man snore while trying to sleep so I can work at midnight. #This Is The Life
I often think it would be great to have kids because I'd get to board the plane first, but then I remember how awesome my life is. ?
Love when you get off the plane n it's freezing
So glad Saudi Arabia gets to put up appearances at the UN Human Rights Council. #Human Rights
my mom makes me feel so good about myself..
Congrats to the #NFL for not having an arrest since Sept 1. What an accomplishment.
Apparently this guy behind me at this high school game is a ESPN analyst
My Wta Draw Challenge is on fire in the last tournament
Haven must really good at football
I do love having to mop sick up # perk soft he job
I'm so glad they put the casino is such a convenient and safe area!
Sick again. Great, couldn't have picked a better time.
Love how the cards announcers are trying to spin the poor play of the Cardinals so far this game. # cardinals # Braves #MLB
Mulcair's was a Minister? This is news to me. # f r e n c h debate
Looking forward to another lecture from Snob Costas about gun control on #SNF
Fantastic. A bickering team. Just what everyone loves to see.  #Amazing Race
i can tell how much you miss me and how sorry you are because you message me BUT ignore me in real life... # ye h right
This team obviously suffered greatly from that Orioles series. Can't even hit the ball.  #Go Jays Go #Come Together #Blue October
Under 3 minutes left, leading 50-0, and every play call on the series is a pass. Stay classy, Cedar Rapids Washington soph team.
As a PIrate fan I'm so pumped for the Wild Card game in Wrigley. This has been a fun week. Steeler fan 2. Good times.
Didn't see that one coming at ALL..... # shocker not really
Well four Moms turned up out of a possible 60 for our year four parent drinks tonight. Not a bad turn out ahem!
Good thing this movie is five hours long, it's not as though I had plans today.  #whywouldyoustartwatchingamoviewhenyoumadeplans??
A kid talked back to my mum after she told him to put his cigarette out. Great job family, friends, and school.
There's a slight breeze at Kraft Memorial...
I am really enjoying the replay of Tom Coughlin's press conference
*whole school gets shot up* # stuff happens # don t blame guns # don t blame the gun # young angry men # no gun control
you mean #Kim Davis wasnt telling the whole truth about her time with the pope. ?? thats a huge shock
I don't know why I'd come to the library on a Friday night and be surprised to hear singing echoing through the building.
i might be dying rn....but im living for these yellow nails tho #save Saifbrain # saffron
*sighs* What time of the year is it again? property tax/schooltax/PissOnTheWorking individual Time... yay!
Another mass shooting because of what? Guns! Ok let's continue to have a bunch of bitch ass guns around cuz we phucking need them!!
The drive from Tucson to Phoenix is so nice because everything is so hot, brown, and dead
Still can't believe I never checked in or took a pic of me scrumdiddys. .
Another fine evening in my house
I love a rainy night! Especially when football and marching band are involved!
Thanks for making me cry mom
yes i would love to meet with you at 4:48 pm on a Friday
Thank you for cancelling my order because the items I ordered are no longer in stock. Exactly the email I wanted to get # g r r
Spectre looks amazing...can't wait to hear the totally underrated Sam Smith's song for it!!!
Me: Ugh. Damn it! Jamie: What? Me: Oh your stupid sister did something. Mom: are you being graceful again?  Me: yes
That awkward moment when you think you're about to run into your ex. # do p p e l g anger # je f fuck # i a in t mad
Praise and worship at the Hilton with # Julius a g w u # crack ya ribs to yin yangs wait till you see my *#¥ bleep!!! Super fun & exciting
I love When the only songs on the radio are taylor swift
Weight loss tip of the day: not -everything- has to be deep fried and smothered in butter. # weight loss # diet # health # du h
Blame guns not mentally unstable people  #Go Fuck Yourself
my how time flies, almost a year ago it was 10/03/14!
I love when guys complain about girls/relationships & you're just sitting here like, "I tried to give you everything & more" ...
Um its time to move on with your life its just a phase # life # people # ass holes
#Matthysse Postol #Golovkin Lemieux #Canelo Cotto Post Mayweather era is awful... #Not Really
Draft Kings or Fan Duel might as well buy Twitter while they are at it.  :-)
People often candle understand my sense of humor
Ayy I crashed my car Mr. president, have them make better cars. It's your fault! The bar wasn't set high enough!! # O b am a
So excited for work tonight like omg.
We totally need a bill making stuff that is already illegal illegal, but with more racist phrasing.  #Barbaric Cultural Practices
Working title: Norma's Ark. Ooh, it's like on Noah's Ark you say but hey, TV producers seem to go for these word-play titles.  (3/3)
Every time I deploy NSX I learn more. Still a ton to learn though. Networking isn't my native language,  is.
You know I never knew how fun SAT prep really is....  #HYPE
Ah how sad, Sam Smith has overtaken Justin Bieber in the charts.
Glad to see the Steelers still haven't released Josh Scobee  #Figure It Out
Oh! This is the emotional coming of age film. I'm sure someone will learn an important lesson on life and love!?
Gee, BHO's speech really reflects all the crises's the world is dealing with.
I love weekends when both ND and Dallas play night games  #No Sleep
jyp artists doing covers of if you do and kinda of promotiong got7 bcs jyp don't how to do their work
I like that opening question at #pdx Housing forum is "what regulations would you wave" rather than "what regs do we need?"
I decided to cut out # fast food for October. I'm eating a #Oatmeal Creme Pie, because that's sooooooo much better.
Feeling almighty despite this "glorious" weather.  #turnnegativesintopositives
I'm sure the market going up yesterday from 1:00 into the close was just a coincidence, nobody at a fund has a source for leaks.
Best signing big Phil Joseph. # B east
Oh boy, traffic in Chattanooga, my FAVOROTE part of this city # everyday life # sad face
Oh how I absolutely love love love grocery shopping in the rain.
Can't believe some1 really asked me this question :O "Jab Urwa stage per giri the, tou koe awaaz aye the?" WTF! man. # Deep #LSA2015
Speeding ticket to start my weekend, woohhhoooo!
Yeah, so many people coming into the Vatican Embassy in DC that day the pope met thousands of folks.  #Pope Francis #Kim Davis
Back to writing my two business plans. Oh how I love school. #Grad School # en t re p re ne u r
Note to self: Never go to KCU on a Friday afternoon.... Full of winners today
Crazy the correlation between those with a genetic predisposition for obesity and consumption of unhealthy foods in mass quantities
What did people use to do, before cellphones, in elevators? Talk to each other?  #technology Ruins Sociality
Chicago Bears listed as questionable for Sunday # di sap pointing
I love it when the AC is cranked on a rainy day. I'm sweating.  Lets use our domes #ISU
The only invites that I get from Disney are the e-mails to join their movie club. Hooray!
Back to the wind & grind of studying before school starts again on Monday. These next 3 days should be fun.
This day keeps getting better and better
Smartphones were invented so people who go to a restaurant together don't have to talk to each other till the food arrives…
I have just finished the last GRL client swag. Woohoo! Now I can work on my giveaways. GRL is in two weeks. No rush, right?
Leaked photos of a scoreboard??? Isnt anything private anymore?
So much love in my house. They love me loads
So glad my bank has fantastic customer service.
"I should prolly leave" nice, awesome, amazing!
You want mass shootings to stop? Then let's let everyone have a gun, that should do the trick! # insanity #Oregon Shooting
I wanna get excited for our first duty this year
Wait, the leader of the Catholic Church acts in alignment with the Catholic Church's teaching? How astonishing # pope franc is
Computer hard drive crash this morning.... Yay....
#Pork Ban #Alcohol Ban #Revealing Dresses Ban #Etc Etc Ban Govt Will Ban All These In Near Future
Good news is I killed my first deer during season. Bad news is my car does not share my enthusiasm # u g h #Zoom Zoom No More
I love how my legs are always ashy af! # dry skin # s u c k s to suck
#El Captain thanks for deleting those folders I had in /usr/share. I really didn't need them to do my job. # what was i thinking
Matt Williams is going to be fired after the season. Wow, I'm shocked.
Good thing it's Friday as I've been a bit squirrel all day and now very much so. I *love* level changes, they're so reassuring.
Q: What is the secret of Hashim Amla's energy? Ans: Beef  #Indvs S A
Amla is bashing India with his beef eating energy  #Indvs S A
Having the best day and it's only 11:42!!!
I used to ask which would come first: Fed rate hike or new Twitter CEO? Maybe now it should be QE4 or new Twitter CEO?  $TWTR up 4%.
There is a Patel in team India today. Kindly check if he got in by reservation. If yes, I would like to apply #Indvs S A
Wilmer Flores at 1.9 fWAR. Big weekend for believers vs. non believers! # Mets
I'd like to nominate the NRA for the Nobel Peace Prize. Seriously, y'all are doing the Lord's work.
Yeah keep flirting I dare you -.- # annoying couples
$IBB (only) 38% Of the Float is Short!
I think we should all have guns. Then we could have shoot-outs everywhere--schools, theatres, shopping malls.  #U C C Shooting
My weekend ruined after reading Mclaren's press conference review, Obertan out injured, that's it - season over, # n u f c
Rohit sharma is not in his actual form.  #Indvs Sa
We need to continue to make cut-backs on mental health programs, continue to bailout Wall St. & give corporations more tax breaks...
Nothing says America like hiring a Canadian comedian(Norm MacDonald)to be the new KFC Colonel Sanders. # still creepy
We need a strong military so we can defend the homeland to allow its gun freedoms so people can kill each other! # epic fail
One more hour of # work and then I can go home! And do some more work around the house...yay... # I m not excited
My friendship comes in levels # insults # in a p prop r i ate sexual humour # Future goals
Lets ban guns cuz banning drugs has worked so well #U C C Shooting # gun control
I love that I have to drive 40 minutes to a 2 hour internship training every single Friday
My favorite part of the Internet? The cold embrace of the letter keys. Really makes me feel welcome.  #Write More Letters
I love how someone gives me less than 24 hours to sign a contract.
Love the fact that Tyler snores so I don't sleep and can't possibly be late for school. # i hate it
# technology # business - I haven't been on a plane for ages.
dad gives his 14 year old daughter and her friend molly to go to a party # father of the year
Nothing is better than getting deployed to the west side # feel my fury
$FOLD announcing 1 for 2 split premarket...
On a positive note... This is all transitory...
Really glad my brother has been home for three weeks on leave and I've seen him for maybe 5 hours... # he leaves today
Aaaand I need to do that on the app. That's convenient!
Shoutout to all the # teachers who take personal days on Fridays and Mondays leaving your kids and coworkers. You're the REAL MVPs
*Gets a voicemail at 5am* I am sure this is gonna be a fun message.
it's times like these, when someone scorches an onion bagel, that i just love my office next to the kitchen!
Hey why not bring Jeff Reed back? Could he be any worse? Hell is Cowher available?
Maybe they should put wrestling on a milk carton ... Old school .. Hey .. They still promote this way . # midmorning # marketing
No better way to start a Friday then with a 3 hour chemistry lecture.
Moving 2000 lbs of concrete before 8 o clock in the morning is my idea of fun for sure.
It's so nice to know people care
But by all means, US ppl, keep freaking out about Muslims and gay marriage. That's where the real danger is at.
*slow clap for being awake at 3:30 am * # night owl
Really love when people don't respond to my attempts at conversation! Not like it messes with my anxiety or anything # in securities
Since last iOS upgrade iPhoto will crash if the iPod is connected before I open the app. Well done...
I like birthdays. People are giving gifts because you're aging.
OMG am so shock !! I can't believe Zac Goldsmith got selected Conservative candidate for London mayor. # shocking
Get ready for the Please be good to me, October hahahahahah!
I hope you two are very happy together because you definitely deserve each other
But hey, have a gimmick. Everybody loves those.
Whatever the fuck that kicked me in my back I hope your eyes get aids. # back pain # so much pain # m e t a p h o r i c al
Insomnia... Thanks for not letting me sleep
G reat way to spend # national holiday- Dialysis room duty. # G and h i jay anti
Don't touch their precious guns. Cos you know, a gun is a lot more precious than a human life. . #stopthe N R A # gun control
No better way to start the day in Norwich by being welcomed into a taxi be such a happy taxi driver # happy not happy
Oh my god.....Heart FM are playing Pink.....they never ever play Pink.....EVER!  #They Always Fucking Do
Arirang is stuck on my head, thank you Jaejoong
Love seeing girls with dudes who don't give af about them
because graphics is ALL that matters... other problems aren't problems at all, nope . . . # last t we et
Most uncomfortable bus ride ever! Squashed in a little area with very little leg room with a very sore and swollen knee # fabulous
Finally in bed... this week has been killer. Up early to finish Music Lit notes. # ya y
# idea , download the same free marketing guides all your competitors are downloading too. That'll give you an edge.
You asked a favor yet you gave me attitude. Wow very classy!
The best way to stop gun violence is to arm literally every person.
Aren't you people happy that our tax money is spent on the less fortunate like the Playgirls? #Daang Matuwad #Bayang Magiling
Wait. Wait. 2 shootings: one in FL & one in OR today. Makes you proud doesn't it?  #America We Have A Probelm
Waking up to a cold. How nice..
I'm sorry... I couldn't hear you over the little voice screaming in my head... "Bullshit"
It's not the #NapaWineTrain's fault, it's those ladies' fault. They shouldn't have been black. #Obvious Racism # laughing while black
One friend on snapchat right now! Because too many 'friends' were still in grade school.  #New Snapchat
Gonna act like an SJW here: The shooter targeted Christians, WHEN ARE WE GONNA CONFRONT THE PROBLEM OF RADICAL ATHEISM???? # Its 2015
Fan-service girl #1. Fan-service girl #2. This show has quality written all over it -_- #rokka_anime
Just woke up with a headache # wonderful
Sure was nice of our "Christian" President to come back out and make a speech about how a Muslim targeted Christians.
In case you were wondering NO I definitely did not just do that... # a m p e r s and tat too
Leave it or live it, we choose both.  #What We Learn
Wow Miley Cyrus sure is an amazing role model
Delayed by 3 hours. Detour to Doncaster turned out to be just circling it for an hour then back to gatwick. What a ride.
Steelers deserve to lose.. I didn't know Pete Carroll went to Pittsburgh.....
Changing a flat tire with out a wrench is pretty hard.
If Ray Lewis was there, he would've made that tackle!!!!!!
Its crazy how u have problems with females in ur own state but in all the other 49 there are all these perfect women # single
I figured it out! Scobee just trying to keep AB's streak alive. We should stop hating now.
Maybe Dri Archer can save the day on this kick return....
I just love when Spotify doesn't let me close it out and use my other apps # g l itches
Our backup for Suisham is so good. # Steelers
Another mass shooting in the US. Nobody saw that coming. I'm sure this problem can certainly be solved with more guns.  >_>
No one could have anticipated that Le'Veon Bell would get the ball there. .
Do I have to tag every post with  ?
And what a snoozer, loser 2015 was for Cleveland Indians. But I'm sure they'll make some big offseason moves to win the '16 Series
I'm really shocked that Hochevar came in a gave up runs.
Hey! Hey everyone. Guess what? It's fall . Oh, also it's October. I was unaware of these facts. Thank you for telling me. # fall
Malaysia is going to receive 3000 Syrians but we send back the Rohingyas. Yep. that just sounds about right.
Yankees are back in the post season right after Derek Jeter retired. Amazing they didn't collapse without Jeter's charm. #MLB
You know, I bet if we gave every American a gun, these shootings wouldn't happen. The best response to gun violence is more guns.
I'm going to fashionably late to Rachel Zoe show....so late I'll miss it. Darn.  #somepeopleshouldnthavetalkshows
Flacco really earning his keep tonight. # a m e r i k a n s k f o t ball
Can't wait to get my t-shirt and hat at Modells tomorrow
I'd love it if Right-wing nutjobs who keep saying "Obama's gonna take away your guns!" to be true for once. #U C C Shooting # fed up
I'm so excited to memorize 7 opera scenes before Monday! yippee!
Someone should pay you for your awesome ability to make me feel so great about myself!  #thxiknowimashittyperson
And the Steeler "defense" showed up!
Yeah, our gun laws are just fine. These shootings are all Obama's fault.
It's about America's love if guns. Not the shooter's clear hatred and victimization of Christians. #oregon Shooting
Man, I hope all the fans don't go storming the field after the Yankees clinch the WC. Better beef up security.
we're such good kids that the administration has to penalize us for the dumbest shit on the planet
It's so nice that the entire WBB all just assume Indiana will easily win the finals..I mean should Lynx fans even watch?!
Forever thankful for strangers on the Internet telling me about MY life.
Looks like the gun nuts are trolling the #U C C Shooting tag. Cuz the status quo is just perfect.
Vick stealing Landry Jones shine # o u # n f l # t n f
Is it really October?! I seriously had no idea
What an interesting body double. Who wouldn't be fascinated by a fugitive suspected of being a terrorist?  #The Blacklist
Remember, just because we are about the only developed nation where mass shootings happen doesn't mean these things are avoidable.
Therrien loves those kinds of penalties.
Oh Gavin #I am # blessed " # G l a d i a t o r s # S c and al
The old o i l e r s are back, great to see # o i l e r s
Maybe we should pass a law against breaking the law. I'm sure that law would make criminals stop breaking the law.
People are so phony. Don't you just love it?
I'm pretty sure I would take Tim Tebow over Mike Vick...the man can't hit a wide open receiver...glad I have Antonio in fantasy
Just chillen on # t wit t e r while i work my ass off
Did I just see a Steelers interception????? That's like spotting a Unicorn.
v happy that I have college figured out
My laptop is pretty much out of order. Awesome!!
I only oppose gun control because I support easy suicide.
I love how we can't judge all Muslims by the action of a few, but it's ok to judge all gun owners that way.  #2A
Can't believe they felt it necessary to make another #Steve Jobs film. #Ashton Kutcher did such a fantastic job with his.
That last tweet was , by the way. # Yankees
Constriction work in the rain. This week has been fun
I figured it #All Lives Matter is yea. We know we fuck u up on a daily basis. But. When we do it to each other. # mental health matters
Oh no, Meredith is being dismissed?! Poor thing.  #Greys Anatomy
I'm just glad I live in a state that isn't hung up on armed militia and prefers to let anybody conceal carry
I enjoy having seizures back to back at work, it's so lovely :)
If the 1st 2 series are a preview, we're in for a real offensive juggernaut tonight. #TNF # R a v e n s # Steelers #B A Lvs P I T
2 drives in # impressive # t n f feel a barn burner starting
I can't stand  anymore...especially if its to intentionally hurt you...
Love when plans fall through and I can just nap instead of having friends
All nighters are good for the soul
Cause you letting my hopes down is definitely going to help # con g rats # do it again
Height of my depend upon how # stupid your question is
I # love it when # k arm a comes around <3 Feels nice, doesn't it?
Hey Obama, you're statements are wrong. Go look at Illinois and New York. Gun control totally worked there... # idiot in charge
So, there's not many people on a tram in Melbourne at 7:30am on a public holiday? Wow, world gone mad! # a us p ol
But seriously y'all, the #Planned Parenthood folks are the "real" murderers...
Love that my mother thinks I'm a bad teacher because sometimes I need to vent about work things.
Oh Xbox Live thanks for being such a reliable service!!!
# Idea for the # television industry: "The 100 best list shows" # joke
Fantastic has become a phrase used for
Open carrying in universities never seemed questionable because college kids are totally the most stable people. Right?
I love how you turn everything around to make it seem like you're the victum here.
It's cold and it's raining but at least it's fall right?
Wouldn't be cross country season without a trip to Connell. Gonna miss it!
2. Arriving in # Washington in the rain
Prayers for Oregon. Someone with a concealed carry could've stopped it all. But nah. We need stricter gun laws... # cant take mine
Damn you 6:30, I told you I didn't want to see you until you were 9:30.....bastard. # work # waking up # sleep # silly # funny # humor
I don't understand how a shooting could happen in a gun free zone # allow concealed carry #Pray For Oregon
The killer Mideast analysis punchline: "If we can 'reform islam' we sure can reform the US Constitution on guns"
Woo, so excited to write these essays for the next fortnight!
Just my luck- my agent booked my return flight from NJ and I didn't notice til I got to LAG. Yayyy. Will prob miss my flight
The storms have been really bad today .  #Wheres The Monsoon
It makes my day when I can ppl rallied up over a post I wasn't even thinking about when I wrote it :D
That poor little gun! Forced to shoot all of those innocent people...victim blaming right NRA?? #U C C Shooting
"You are Willy Wonka!" Quote of the day! Yes, that statement was directed at me! # sub life
Way to go # x box live # x box keep up the good work
I love when my friends invite me to hangout
I don't think we need gun control. The #U C C Shooting just proves that gun free zones work!
Because snapping a bitch's neck is frowned upon in the court of law.
Oh hey, yet another school shooting here in the United States of America. Fantastic. # school shooting
Allen & Rossiter bossed the midfield tonight, obvious positives all over the field. This is our Season. #LFC
Experts on CNN encouraging people in chat rooms to start reporting each other to law enforcement. Never saw that one coming. <--
Great work by UN, EU and US. Now Russia, Iran, Hizbollah and Assad are fighting together in Syria. . # diplomatic # naive t y # idealism
New Statistic from today. 2Million Portuguese at risk of poverty. More migrants is what we need...!!!
If only there was extra time #LFC
Very excited to see all the festive white girl photos from ACL this weekend
One of my favorite things is listening to people bitch behind me in line about how employees are doing their jobs wrong # relax
I love carrying $60 worth of food across south green. # i m weak
I wonder if Mike Huckabee talked to his God today. I bet God thanked him for attacking Planned Parenthood and defending bigots.
yes, keep doing nothing! that's the answer! your constitutional right is totally more important then other people's lives! !
I can tell the kids next door are home from school because of all the thumping and bumping. # love my neighbors # child free
Lmfao today has been just amazing already
What normal everyday thing that people did in the 50s, 60s,ect should I brag about today. Maybe feeding my child, or having a job.
Remember to blame the gun-free campus and unarmed students for today's tragedy!
That's what I like to see Sky Sports....impartial commentary.
Donald Trumps has the right to kick out the Hispanics for taking this land from it's Natives
Shooting at a community college, in a " gun free zone".. well that worked, lets make some more gun laws!
Well folks, looks like the weather will be spectacular in Athens on Saturday.  #Rain For Days #Rain Or Shine #We Dine
You couldn't have picked a better time in my life to be an ass to me
Wait . . . Ambrose again! No way.  #Europa League
Probably could've started at 7PM after all
"Yes, I've always wanted an App to rate people. So Great" "I'm sorry, did you say RAPE people?!" # Peep le
Boy, I sure hope I get a spam tweet from some corporate shill selling shit like pizza rolls.
So Ambrose gave away a goal? No way!  #Europa League
Those new snapchat add ons are hilarious
Isn't it awesome when someone pulls your half cooked lunch out of the microwave so that they can cook theirs instead?
i love listening to other peoples radio! # use head phones # about to lose it
So the last time we had a house Speaker as inexperienced as this #Mc Carthy dude was in the 1890s. I wonder how this will go?
So much homework... and a show this weekend...with more rain # ya y
But guys fuck gun control we have the right to bare arms....
Awesome! Another mass shooting! It's been a while!
Damn it! 70-year-old Helen Mirren won't do nude scenes in movies anymore. What am I gonna watch NOW?! # old people # bad naked
Not sure what I'm more excited about, how seriously teams take the Europa league, or the fact Michael Owen is commentating!
Mandatory guns for everyone am I right
I honestly feel if I started showing some cleavage or a bit of dick my twitch will grow quicker. Thoughts?
I bet the secret ISIS refugees are the main cause of the # Oregon shooting b/c they are the cause of all terror
"Ohhhh hush you gun control advocates......Every country has mass shootings almost everyday also"  #U C C Shooting #Gun Control
Interesting, I always thought it was the individual who makes the decision, not the object.
Oh there's a child. I hear it through my bass-heavy "On Fleek" playlist. Glad we're grounded another while. # f a a a c k # flight p robs
Some people need a high five In their face
Happy "Reminder That Gun Rights Are The Most Important Rights In The Nation" Day! #U C C Shooting
Good to know I have friends that care I am ill and bother to check up on me
THANK YOU to who ever passed the free guns for everybody law u made the world a much safer place  #ASSHOLES #PRAYERSFORTHEFAMILIES
Another day, another shooting. I'm sure guns are not the problem.
# Ladies plss... Stop wasting ur time looking for Mr Right. Just look for Mr Left and drag the idiot to the Right #wierd Fact
Fixing the "Dont let crazy people have guns" solution seems to be working well. #U C Cshooting # prayers #Fix Our Country1st
America's new mischief past time: Tater tots shot from a high powered sling shot. Your welcome! # comedy
A California Congressman said something stupid? Naw I dont beleive it #Kevin Mc Carthy
I'm so glad my roommate doesn't know how loud she is all the time # come on
Instead of going to Jolson's homecoming we are going bowling. Not that we are a couple who loves bowling
Whoop whoop!!! Double digit followers!!! # T wit t e r # boss life # net working
I luv the 3 sec drip of water that comes out of our auto sinks at work, followed by a 10 sec pause between the next tease.
That was a fun 13 hour work day. I enjoyed that immensely. /end
Watched #SVU from last night. So happy 2 see another tragic trans character teach us about peace & tolerance after they die.
I love being told I don't do anything around the house when my mother sits on her ass all day on the couch
How to teach your # Brazilian friend the difference between and # sincerity in the # English language via text:
Being on a regular basis can add up to 3 years to your life. is extremely # healthy for the mind!
"The market has never been down in years ending in 5." - CNBC analyst. Thanks for the insight; I feel much more confident now.
So minimum wage was raised in Alberta today. I guess I got that well earned raise at GUESS now
When only one or two of the students do the reading it makes the class so much better.
Well October is turning out to be great!!!
The perfect time of year to be sick # please go away # net f l i x and death
I'm glad I know the difference between AM and PM while setting my alarm and didn't miss all my classes today.
So as soon as I agree to do a job this Saturday, the game gets moved to noon? Freaking awesome. .
Sure Mr. Dentist I have 5 extra grand sitting around to spend on my teeth # i hate the dentist
What is half assed for one person is full assed for another. # humor
I'm glad to see # climate control is such a big priority for # pot us because a world war is not such a biggie # eyes rolled
My # humour & # wit is lost in text t wit ter etc I come across as serious or a prick or a serious prick After send I can't get it back
RedScareBot: Loads of baloney RT republicanrehab Marxism is great. Everyone should be a Marxist. teriocherry DJSPINtel golfhack1217
Where are the indian medias? Won't they come and interview people queueing up in petrol pumps? #Nepal Red Flags Modi
Gonna shower and get ready to work all day to make this mulaaaa. Yaaaaaay
Talking about ICD-10 reminds me of why I wanted to become a doctor--to be really good at writing notes. # turtle bites
Nice to see all the boys singing their hearts out and knowing all the words . Brings shame to the country. #RWC2015 # Wales
Prediction: # Orioles lose out this year, sign one of their FAs (the cheapest) and sign no impact FAs. Happy days.
# Dog on the # rock , # Fuck the Rock. # B itch on the # rock , # rub on rock . # idiom
She asked me wat's this #PRDP ... i show her the trailer. After 2:09min she asks the same with chutki bhar . # di sap pointed
I got less than two hours of sleep last night. Today is gonna be a great day!
Congrats again, No.1 Worst Traffic in the World by Waze. LOL
Today is World Vegetarian Day. I ask that you remember that as you eat your hamburger ... #World Vegetarian Day # hamburger
I can never figure out what's longer - a microwave minute or a treadmill minute .. # h angry # deep thoughts
shit day being made homeless # feeling great
My life is so fucking sound right now
"It's like the taste of the food you cook makes up for blandness of your personality." ?
I'm so glad I am stuck in a noisy dirty factory and not out and about in the glorious sunshine
My level of  is to a point where I don’t even know if I’m kidding or not.
Weight loss tip of the day: stop eating the -entire- package of cookies in one sitting # diet # weight loss # diet tips # health # du h
#CBS News: Thanks for serving the American people with your fair and unbiased journalism! Keeping America informed and free!
I just love when the power cuts # battery is dying # cant do anything # ah h h h h # bang a lore # third world problems # anxiety
Just one of those days where you stay in bed, crying all day, with nothing to get up for. Clearly, I have an interesting life.
Nothing much to say, except for "WHoohoo, 100 Tweets". I know, it's quite an accomplishment. I'm proud as well # fun # bored
So over summer construction in Mpls it's not even funny. Suspect it will all be done just in time for the snow.... Lucky us.
Let's have a World Non Vegetarian Day I want to see the world freaking out #World Vegetarian Day
BREAKING: Harry Reid on Senate floor EXCORIATING #P P Sells Baby Parts DEMANDING #Defund P P upon discovery Koch Bros. investors...
And we would all love to see how we can make home made pasta carbonara from scratch instead of #Matador Cup cricket
Not much compares to the wonderfulness of sitting in the Drs office naked except of the paper wrap they tell you to wear
I am sure glad we moved to Florida 10 years ago from the Northeast. Would hate to be in living in the land of hurricanes
Took yesterday off. Came back to a ton of email. Is the best course of action to simply delete it all & start fresh?
My morning has started great so far # is it 5 yet
My Thursday is off to a fabulous start.
Who would have guessed that the city would be full of drunk assholes on the eve of grand final public holiday?
This day keeps getting better! 1st our lead role got sore eyes 18 hours before the play then I was attacked by a swarm of roaches!
Being in a -20 degree freezer for 2 hours really makes me excited for January # morning shift problems
"Getting ignored... What an amazing feeling !"
$SPY C'mone bulls u know what to do with DAX...in red ..exactly ignore it hahahaha ....
Get angry when the self proclaimed MSN Messenger pops up. There can be no other Messenger! # Fun # S a tire
Nothing better than enforcing the rules to my son and him telling me "you're the worst mother ever!" First thing in the morning!
"Woe to him whose good name is more to him than goodness!"~Moby Dick. Yup, I can see why this would make the #Banned Books Week list.
Life is so bloody fantastic today I could shit rainbows & bestow unicorn kisses to all. # life
wow it doesnt rain much in the Philippines yah? # u l an pa more
I love it when a weekend plan comes together it's great when my teenage boy plans mine
How in hell did I get carpal tunnel syndrome? I only play video games for 2-15 hours a day since pre-school.
Thank God they didn't use any photoshop to make Salman look at least decent young enough to be Sonams hero.
So two blonde girls invent an app called # Peep le where you can judge. Sounds like high school on a mass scale. Can't wait for it.
I want to sleep for 2 years and wake up with a degree, an apartment, and money in the bank.
there is nothing intelligent to it, if you excessively use
Respect is very expensive gift. Do not expect it from cheap people!!
Apparently we're again allowed to listen to music while coding. Thk u so much management. You're awesome. # not sure what happened
aaaand masde it to the sanctuary without getting killed by rats... how surprising
Absolutely love it to arrive at school, only to find out that my classes for the 1st 2 periods are cancelled
Off to Norwich - 4 hour round trip - to deliver training for half an hour. Hurrah.
Can't wait to see all the patriotic freaks tweetin g about # g and h i tomorrow! # H ol i day # g and h i jayanti # India
Man Flu : An illness that causes the male of the species to be helpless and sicker than any other family member. In females; a cold
Everyone loves when you have an endless Snapchat story of that concert you went to. The sound is flawless. It’s like I’m there!
Talk about putting myself out there and getting nothing in return.
I really love when you post one thing and people start coming out of the woodwork messaging you
Oh, imagine the things I would do to you.
Life hack: Drink a lot of coffee, and you won't even realize you're working ten-hour days.
What the # B e n g h a z i committee is a political witch hunt? I'm shocked BC #GOP hate wasting money.
runs as my blood so don't be shocked.
Man I hate when I put my faith in a character on a TV show and they die. Thanks a lot!
Please # f e m i n i s t s control the internet and censor it so it doesn't warp my fragile little mind. I need my safe spaces
Some people think # chemistry between people is sleeping wit a lab coat hugging beakers!
These # Yankees are going to go REAL far in the playoffs!! # baseball hurts
It's a great day to be subscribed to ur best friend's tweets as she sends her hundreds of birthday thank you's
Yay, I just figured out I have 5 tests in one week, the week after my birthday #All I Ever Wanted # Lo l
Getting hit on the head with a hubcap was the high light of my day... # not even mad
$SPY Bull # euphoria ..courtesy of #Wall Street - yes this always gaps up -that means its gonna plunge soon -real
I am watching # J e o p a r d y and I just got 8 correct answers. # genius # record # brilliant #best Score Ever
My icon is not a manip
A patient with a real medical issue misdiagnosed as a drug seeker. Where *do* they come up with these compelling ideas! #Code Black
Ok get all the nonsense out now, fine... would be nice to have Home field advantage but meh, is it that important?  #Metsiest Mess
Great. "TPA is a kind of miracle drug" just want I want America to hear  #Code Black
Hanging out with my friends and family members to be the best at eating nothing # hello #Imagine Dragons # hash tag
That Kawasaki kid looks great at 3B. Gibby should keep him there for playoffs. What? # settled own
I think Davis should choke Rios for not running harder on that
I asked a girl for a baseball card. I got something I didn't expect, a nude pic. #WTF # confused
Go ahead. Give yourself a pat on the back. You deserve it.
I just love it when people cant mind their own business....
I being in ths group message
Good thing Scioscia pulled Richards and swapped Featherston for Johnny G.  #Fire Scioscia
Yay, # congress did the bare minimum.
Thank you # c al if or n i a for some kind of way turning my 25min drive into 1hr and 35min.
#M N Twins have no runs and just three base runners tonight because of Mike Pelfrey.
Have to ride a ZX10R today. Dammit.
Bruins pull goalie early. Dominate puck possession for 2 minutes. And score. Wow what a hard concept to understand. # coach con all
# ties that bind "You don't know who you are dealing with." Right, the police can't comprehend how bad the bad guys can be.
Watching #Ghost Hunters with the 'rents. My mother yells at the screen, "Steve you are standing next to a clock." # sounds like a clock
So Bruce Jenner killed somebody and he's not going to jail. What a surprise America. # ill um in at i # a m e r i c a
I'm so thankful that high school taught me how to manage my time in preparation for college.  homework for dayzzzzzzz
Oh I how I just love fake nice people...
its amazing how Ellsbury can even walk after that amazing play he didnt make in center..
Ask Your # Doctor about #Medical Tyranny and how it may be affecting You! ( )
I love crying for 2 days straight
Gordo seems really upset about being moved down in the order... # R o y a l s
Wish I knew a hot nurse #illtakeanythingatthispoint # i m not pick y
I love when indy starts come into NXT they automatically deserves a push. #WWENXT
lol today was the best day ever. i can't wait for tomorrow for another productive day~
Sure glad the Twins are starting Mike Pelfrey's shell and not a young prospect like Jose Berrios in this critical game.
Super stoked that Outlook 2011 doesn't work on #El Capitan. I don't have to respond to emails I can't receive, right?
Water use fines during #C Adrought result in water rate discounts when it rains. Wait, it doesn't work both ways??
A new low standard for Russian "precision strikes"- leading a campaign against IS in Syria and missing Raqqa by almost 300 km!
It's okay. We did better without Graham anyway.
If the # N i n e r s are really this bad, then the #A Z Cardinals should have blown them out... Guess AZ isn't really that good huh? lol
Another gold standard ref effort in this game. #NFL #49 e r s # cardinals
That's not roughing the passer? I'm shocked!
What is up with the Seahawks? Expected them to have a season like the Panthers. You think Ciara has something to do with this?
Nice last two drives by the offense to help out.
well he kissed ota motohiro and miyazaki 'goddamned' shuuto so i probably love him to bits rn.
Gotta love when the #49 e r s are looking this good against the #A Z Cardinals.
I want to grind COD, but my internet is just too nice and fast
The bigger the mess in the world is, the more interesting it is to read the news . I am a bad person. # world # news
Yes Chinese restaurant how did you know I wanted 8 gallons of sweet and sour sauce with my sweet and sour chicken # spilled on table
there's nothing that gives me more happiness than reading about how #Wicked City was cancelled after three fucking episodes # fuck you
So excited to get to go back to work tomorrow!
That play...because Carson Palmer hasn't scored very many TD's as a QB this season  #A Zvs S F
Had a fun breakdown last night thinking about my abuser  #whydo Idothistomyself
Ciara has had a horrible two weeks for Russell Wilson. He has thrown 5 TD's in 2 weeks. #Blame Ciara #Go Hawks #P I Tvs S E A
Getting kinked shamed on tumblr # is nothing safe # just in case #cuzsomepepsactuallysaythisshitsometimes # hash tags
If Travis thinks I'm a start mouth with him. He should hear the conversation I have with Guillermo. Lmao. # don t get mad b r o
It's ok to face mask a dude if you have the ball... # sweet rules
And now here Come the "Ryan shazier is soft" commentary. I love our fans so much
Here's a shock for all # Steelers fans: #Ryan Shazier is injured # truth #P I Tvs S E A
I'm feeling extra stupid today and I don't know why. Brilliant. Thank God school starts back tomorrow.
I don't know which I love more: middle seats or traveling over Thanksgiving.
When you might have to get your appendix removed
I forgot my anniversary #Because Football is so distracting. # humor # Laughing with love
Everything happens for a reason? Thanks Sweezy
Man bengals fans are just awful and fair-weather... nobody showed up today....
This has been probably my favorite birthday ever :) # Work # Home work
Yay, I get to spend all my night editing a video... . Oh well I'm gonna go to Chinatown and Rittenhouse for a few hours first.
my hobbies: - switching between the same three apps for hours - imagining myself in situations that will literally never exist
I am over joyed about going back to school!
Wish the Saints Bucs Bills and Dolphins woulda won but they all suck! Thanks for the help
Three points off a CL spot and through the group stages. Good thing we stuck with Allegri and never doubted him or the club.
We're so good at the 3rd period.  #LGRW
Wow, for once we won a game. When was the last time that happened?
Having a backward sleeping schedule is the best. # insomnia
Well thanks buffalo  LET'S GO SEAHAGS!
RT JustDeac Hey Bucks Monroe would have been open for 3!!! #Dang It # Lottery
Run out the clock? Why aren't we throwing the ball? Is this really the chargers?  #illtakethe W
Brilliant last play by the Giants
The # Colts should clearly trade Andrew Luck for a seventh round pick or whatever they can get for him. Hasselbeck is the future.
So apparently Odell Beckham, Jr. is, like, a hall of famer already?
Good to see the officials are playing for the Colts today # Bucs
That TD to Fowler justify the 4th round pick of him. If he's not there then who catches it. Lol
If i keep my Last seen ON, Then you will feel insulted every moment you check my presence on Whatsapp . LOL!!!  tweet
Really glad my fantasy team showed up today
Lesson learned while putting out the outdoor #Christmas Lights, never link 900 net lights together..  tweet
If you oppose abortion because you think its murder, then of course the logical thing is to murder people at planned parenthood.
In case y'all forgot, you can't spell elite without Eli.  #nfc Least
Lesean McCoy leading the NFL in rushing today, Desean Jackson has TD. Can't figure out why Chip Kelly is on the hot seat # Eagles
It's a high standard tonight! # s no o k e r
That's right Dolphins fans, Joe Philbin was the problem.  #M I Avs N Y J
Nice to know that the last few weeks of the season is where "Pick Machine" Manning returns!  #N Y Gvs W A S
This bengals game is too close  #Who Dey
I picked a good week to start Eli Manning in fantasy.
Let's talk some more about Fitz's beard trim. That seems more important than the actual game. # lets go jets #N Y Jets
If you think you'll regret something when you wake up - sleep late # irony # morning # trouble # no regrets # forget love
Oh what a shame that thoroughly nice bloke peter andre has left # strictly he is sooooooo nice not at all fake or phoney # t w at # bye
Aw Peter has left Strictly. What a shame, a crying shame, you will be missed...
3mph...seems like a good speed for the interstate
So glad that the #N Y Giants made such good use of the bye week after that excellent performance against the # Pat riots
always a joy to come home to my family
What? Fuente? Best kept secret so far, never saw it coming # H o k i e s
Soooooo glad I have Sammy Watkins on my bench.  #I Hate Fantasy Football
grading papers is my perfect Sunday afternoon # science life
Are the Giants playing today? (anyone watching this game will realize that is )
Stupid flea flicker clearly a better decision than letting # Sea bass try 65 yard fg. # R a i d e r s
DH, as he starts to update his phone, "150 new emojis. Just what I need."
Alex Smith can still throw?  #B U Fvs K C
Dammit... # F o les #INT A Jared Cook bobble?! NO FREAKING WAY!!! # R a m s
Home alone....exactly where I wanted to be today.....
Great move by me by leaving Watkins on the bench today......  #Fantasy Football
Giants looking real crisp coming off the bye week...  #wouldyouliketomaketheplayoffs?
Get 7 here so we can go into halftime excited about the eventual 2nd half implosion!! #M I Nvs A T L #Rise Up
Capacity crowd is going nuts! #B U Fvs K C
Did mark richt get fired today? It seems like I saw something about that # b a zing a
who needs coffee when you can take excedrin? # humor
Alex Smith out here being elite. # Chiefs
Whaaaat? They flagged browner? No. Way.  #N Ovs H O U
At least the Chiefs are good at playing from behind.
So Shanny runs play action with the guy that just fumbled. FUCKING GENIUS!!! # F al cons
I'm glad we can cover people.
One should definitely eat fries when nauseas, great idea.
Should rest each and every player for the next game # injuries # unlucky
GRE time. 4 and a half hours of testing is going to be fun. So glad it's during the Vikings game too.
Back to work tomorrow after five days off. It will be a great day
great day for arsenal. no win in 3 games now and koscielny n sanchez injured #ARSNOR
Another great performance from # A r se n al . # pathetic #ARSNOR
I've done 20 words of my 3000 word assignment in about an hour... I feel that it is going well! # gonna fail # veterinary nursing
I cannnnnntttt wait to go back to work tomorrow :):):)):):(:((/:((:(:/(:):)(
It's early but the # R a m s o-line is looking like they are going to have a career day. #S T Lvs C I N
So... will it be 99,9% for The Glorious Leader or 99,8%?
Guys, we're kidding. Obviously Hook isn't a virgin  #ITSAJOKE #YALLARESOSERIOUS
Oooh I get my pick of watching the Giants play or the Jets.. How exciting
Great through ball from Can to Gomis then
9-3 is just not good enough anymore # coaching
What are the chances of that injury?  #COYG
Npoooo I'm not obsessed with my hair not al all
Thank you #NFL for making LA a Home TV market for SD. Really looking forward to watching Chargers vs Jags . # non f l in la
Per sources, Mark Richt has been fired from UGA. Kirby Smart top target
Plus I'm sitting next to Freshman Valley Girl and Sophomore Joe Athlete who are really hitting it off #Quality Conversations
I'm don't feel I'm fake deep enough yet.
Because of course the first thing I want to do when I get home is to clean up after my housemate # sub t we et
When all that thanksgiving weight goes straight to the boobs. # thankful # blessed
6 exams this week. No pressure at all.
Sam Houston State has that crappy coach who can seem to win. (Wait, what? They won their playoff game? Thought that coach sucked?)
Fox just ran down the NFL's top 5 WR's. No # Eagles ??
Man, I just don't have anything better to do than arguing with idiots on Twitter...
Teams are back on. 1045 game start is approaching.  #OCD
I learn how important I've become to people.
WOO HOO let's go #Tannehill...the best QB EVER! P.S.: Not following Dolphins online until they fire him and get a real QB.
#the Jeremy Kyleshow not a bad show to watch on tv at 4:30am .. Tho # je re my k y le is good!!
love Emily's and Matt's snapchat stories
Yes!!! Obama going overseas to meet with world leaders to propose a plan to eliminate ISIS. # t c o t
To go 2-10, with lack of competent coaches, poor recruiting, injuries and the B1G schedule is not too bad. #We Are P U # E x c uses
Who knew in 2015 we all would be Beliebers  But truly the album is real good #Justin Bieber #Purpose The Movement
sexist comments and downright vile abuse coming smokers inside the # friendship pub ring l and ,walking to work can be so fun # a r se hole
Oh how I love my Sunday mornings starting at 5 am. Thanks kids! # twin f ants
There's nothing like a sportsman like cheer from the Belgians ......thought they were better than that.... #Davis Cup Final
I've been on the road less than an hour and have already seen the classiest window decal.
Totally missed my flight. Yay for a connecting flight in Orlando.
What a thriller this is. Fans well up for it. #WHUWBA
A language which is always present in all language and dialects.
Off to work I go. # Y a y ! # Work !!
The best way for IS to attack america and will not get killed by the cops is to be a right-wing red neck republican.
There are so many clever managers behind TV and computer screens I don't know why Roman doesn't hire one  #CFC
Mercedes strategist is an absolute fucking Genius
#Finger On The Pulse covering all the issues & incisive clear thinking with those vox pops eh, # t w 2 ?
Yeah nobody I know had stopped talking about the Labour women document # t w i p
Well that last Hunger Games movie was definitely not underwhelming and did not go on for far too long. # fuck p e et a
Coughing my face off at the airport, everyone seems really concerned because they keep staring at me # people care
I really just LOVE being ignored by someone I thought cared about me. Really cool.
#Michael Fallon will protect us from # evil and will ensure our # reputation is upheld. I've never been so thankful for # blood thirst
# viewpoint Jeez, it's lucky Chris Kenny has such a balanced panel so we get broad range of opinions. Bloody hell. # a us p ol
The fact that you can't tolerate his views makes you the intolerant. #Aamir On Intolerance
Apparently everyone loves . Is it just a defence mechanism or is there some aesthetic ideal behind it as well?
WHY ARE WE NOT SEEING THE MARSH FAMILY?! #A U Sv N Z #Channel9 Love Affairs
Wait, some fans didn't enjoy #Doctor Who last night? Well, I'm surprised...
I need a karaoke night. That's how I win girls over.
Going to print out my story today to do editing. Yay fun! # writing
Don't feel bad for what you did wrong.A lot of people have no talent
A suppose to be a family bonding turn into an unexpected event. *sigh* # amazing
//Good to know that former RP partners still like to help themselves to people you RP with.  #Find Your Own R P Buddies
Ugh. Cal didn't beat the line. The team sucks. Fire Dykes.
Madonna, or other Kabbalah Center celebrity, help me to understand this Zohar!
The best thing about one sided crush is that you are the only one that is going to be hurt
When I hear a stupid rap song about peanut butter & jelly on the radio, I wonder why I didn't get into the rap game.
Somewhere, Mike D'Antoni is saying, "You wish you didn't want me gone now huh, Lakers?".  #Could Actually Be True #We Actually Want Phil
Sources say Joe Alleva is administrating for his job these next two weeks.
Shoutout to Murat for not backing out of the rap battle 5 times in a row
Humor Is An Effective Weapon, Which Exposes The Helplessness Of An Incompetent Fanatical System. # dictator ship # humor # cartoon
Yes that's it teach young kids inappropriate gestures. That is the beat thing you can do.
I'm so blessed that I'm sick on thanksgiving weekend...
Why all the hate ND haters. Yea, intelligent, dedicated, ambitious, and hard working people suck.
Gotta love when the bus is still like 5 min away when you've already waited at least 10, but it's supposed to go every 10 minutes
Sorry...forgot the  hashtag on that last tweet. I lost track in all this excitement.
Will Grier, thank you for this. This offense has vastly improved since you decided to be a dipshit. # e f f you
Love how people were ripping Shaw for keeping his time-outs. As usual, Twitter is never, ever wrong.
Well that made me feel a whole lot better about interracial datingness thanks tumblr
How soon is it before the committee jumps Stanford in front of Iowa? Asking for a friend.
We would try to be effing cute during 3-on-3 OT. The skid continues.. Nice job guys. # m n wild
if you don't take a picture, did it really happen?! # of course it did # put the cameras down
Man next year is going to be awesome! Just wait... # a g g i e reality # gig em # always next year
Getting really excited for 6 day weeks and 2 honours seminars next semester!! # i m screwed #ihateyounipissinguniversity
Woo hoo! 2 points! #F S Uvs U F  #Go Gators
Haha it's been such a great day
Today is one of those days were your  level is too high for most people so its better to keep quiet.
"I love waiting in long lines." Said no one ever.
Thankfully Moffat has never screwed up a part 2 before.
Looking like a really well attended game at Memorial Stadium.
No way, the Big 12 doesn't deserve a playoff.  OU is a LOCK!!! Undressing OSU. Most points scored in 1st half in Bedlam since '70
Should I get my Adele lyric tattoo on my ribs or lower back?
# Bed l am 2015 now has more points in the first half than the entire B1G had today. but also half # Serious
Thanks, # T i c k et master - I was hoping to pay an extra $40 above face value just for the privilege of using your service.
£150 lost and a fatality at Brixton academy. Great night
Whomever decided 2 hire a lankan folk band 2 play live & loud at this confined #Pizza Hut branch is a genius.  #No One Can Hear You Scream
Punches women and runs for TDs… Go Mixon
Fact: Vince Vaughn & *The Average Joe'sz* determine the fate of football at all levelsz. It = perfection.  #FML #FTW
He was WIDE OPEN can't believe maguire missed him.......
When people ask me if I actually have glass in my glasses? Like, no. I just fucking like wearing frames around like an idiot???
Trophy case + 1. # champs #Cycl O N Enation # is h
Raise your hand if you think Harris will step up and win this game!? # g a t o r s
i said before the play, we gotta get the ball to Jeremy Kerr. #F S Uvs U F
Black lettering on black jerseys. Yeah, that works.
I love listening to my parents bicker.  #Good Thing I Go Back To School Tomorrow
I'm glad my family appreciates me. # s a r c a s t e s e s
So happy Jultz is back! He has been amazing!
I like how old people point out completely obvious things that are in your own house to you! # in laws
do you think if you breathed on me, I'll catch your enthusiasm?
Can't believe that Syrian Muslim Refugee shot up that Planned Parenthood in Colorado. Hear he also bought his guns from a Mexican.
What a great play by Treon!  font. Lol
I see first rd pick Dak Prescott is lighting it up.
Good thing I can eat solid food right after wisdom teeth surgery or these last few days would have sucked  #givemepizzaorgivemedeath
I'm once again impressed with how prepared Mullen's team is
=That subtle way of communicating, "I'm better than you."
Great job bulldogs way to show up!
Wow new Twitter! soooo cool!  #Myfirst Tweet
Zatkoff is having an excellent showing tonight. Keep it up, man. This is awesome. # P e n s
Was nice to see a confederate flag flying high in Georgia today.
Anyone know the outcome of the Alabama/Auburn game because I haven't seen posts about it or anything
The quest for the donut is complete. KU gets a dozen. Losses that is on a season. Woooo! # u g h # k u f ball
46 rushes against a below average defense? That Heisman will be well-deserved!  #B A M Avs A U B
Because you know Saban has always been a class act! # war eagle
If you needed someone to make Andy Murray look charismatic! It's his brother!!!
If murdering women for going to the doctor doesn't say pro-life then I don't what does ????????
I can't believe how cool I think you are now I have seen your 526161 snaps with alcohol and all your slutty outfits
Just used an entire bottle of de-icer on my wife's car. Yep, winter is great! # Cold #Bring Back Summer
I just LOVE IT when my help does a no call no show.
Wahoo!! We get to see another FG!!! # s e c
We'll take those 15 Muschamp. #High Character Guy  #Roll Tide
Only Auburn would boo an official that's hurt. They're a classy bunch
Killing people because you are mad about abortions. Makes TOTAL sense.  #To The Extreme
SMART play Auburn #23. REALLY Smart! #Iron Bowl # I di o t
Hoppy Small Biz Saturday to Ballast Point, Modern Times, and Stone Brewing !
Boy the fans have really turned out for Illinois vs Chicago's B1G team.
And CBS found the Bammer flipping the bird after the touchdown. # t hats class #War Eagle
Back to work tomorrow......trying very hard to contain my joy.
I'm confused: "you're too nice"..."you're intimidating".."you look good in a hat" lol..so am I too nice or intimidating in my hat
Don't you just love when people play you? Because I sure do!
Campus internet is out...Well its a good thing I don't have homework or anything to do online... # what now
Is anyone else Twitter full of anything but Verne and Gary? Yup thought so. #Verne And Gary For M V P
Weird, the three straight passes failed YET AGAIN? SO SO surprised.  though they shouldn't of needed passes 2 and 3. Blew the 1st
Gets accepted as a "friend" of one Richard Astley on Facebook. What do you mean it's not the real one # oh the horror # r i c k as t le y
Never saw a blocked kick coming #F C S Playoffs
#Gamer Gate Failed Well that's it guys, lets go home nothing more to do
Can't wait to see what amazing adjustments Cubit makes in the second half to get this offense going...
"This is the best one" - Mark "Well the other two have been so amazing it's hard to imagine" - Mom  #Baral Star Wars Holiday
It SO doesn't offend me that you "have faith" that I will eventually "find Jesus". Nope. You don't appear self-righteous at all.
Rod Stewards voice is amazingly silent tonight.
Guys, handley reached back and touched the ball...clearly handleys fault...
You know what's fun? Missing college football. You know what's even more fun? Missing CFB while waiting in an airport.
Wow Purdue football sucks they lost 54-36 to IU. Great Job Boilermakers you guys made history
After watching that first sequence of events it's hard to figure out why KU hasn't won a game all year. #Disgruntled Fan
White people keep shooting up the U.S. but it’s totally the brown folks we have to worry about more. # my uncle can fuck off
I love having so much free time!
Close game again at Ross Ade. Almost pulled out the W.
Gallifrey, who would've thought. Hashtag . #Doctor Who
"We're just getting started, bro!" - UK Head Coach Mark Stoops, 10/04/2014. The Cats have gone 6-13 since. #WHYNOT #ALLIN #BBN
I really wish they'd talk about Frank Beamers retirement more.
Enjoying standstill traffic on my drive home from visiting family for Thanksgiving. What's your day like? # interstate 40 traffic
Way to make it a close game Michigan. # blow out
I guess with gain of hair comes loss of form for some # Rooney #MUFC # hair transplant # class
Blah, blah, Louisa has a sore throat, the poor thing. Whatever! #X Factor # not a big fan
At least we have sick uniforms.
When I got my first # television set, I stopped caring so much about having close # relation ships . ~Andy Warhol # quote # social media
Not sure where these rumours of a fix come from #SCD
I need new haters. The old ones are starting to like me. # rebel # bitch y mood
Brettbauer22: I hate when I put 10 lbs on for a role, then realize I'm not even an actor # holidays # comedy # fat kid problems
I hate when I put 10 lbs on for a role, then realize I'm not even an actor # holidays # comedy # fat kid problems
Love the variety in play calling.
So tired of the media bias against Lone Gunmen & their killing sprees blown out of proportion. Where is the TRUTH on Lone GunWOMEN?
Look at that. Ohio State beating a ranked team.
Big games today from Purdue's seniors. Just like all season. Really making plays.
Wow this game is so intense.
19 yards vs 204 for them in the 3rd quarter. Great fukin job!
Another ECU drive killed by penalities and awesome play calling...followed by the greatest fake of Ruff's career...
Back to work tomorrow, six day week. Yay.
That was a great 3rd and long play call.
I'd like to congratulate Fort Francis refs on their great Refing
I'm so glad the real Ohio State decided to show up today.  #Go Blue
Well the second half is a lot better
By the way Stephane Quintal has asked to review that hit by McIlrath already blocked out an hour for a hearing on Monday # Maybe
Sounds like SC fans are being super classy in Columbia as usual  #Beat S Car #C L E Mvs S C #Go Tigers
Rooneys done nothing this game, being on another striker ? Can't he plays for Brighton ..Nevermind always got Fellaini # M u f c
Fans at the big house ... Class act
I love it when the front end manager tries to act like they know what the fuck I do # bitch please
56-0 Tigers in 2nd quarter. Could you imagine if these guys hadn't quit on the season.
Well hey at least the dude didn't rip them apart while they were still alive now that would be just horrible #Planned Parenthood
It's all fun and games until you run out of black eyeliner # why me # oh no # awesome sauce
I nearly fell off the god damn roof. #lovechristmasdecorating
I always get surprised when ashley young cuts back onto his right foot.
Shout out Thany for wakin me up for no damn reason this am... I appreciate that # don t mess with my sleep
Life is so great right now wow I'm so pumped
My poetic way of communicating and expressing is often too complex for mediocre minds. # Passion # I n t e l l e c t
Alchoholic neighbors are great lol, every day is a party until someone calls 911 # obviously
Vardy again madness #Goal Machine #Englands Best Right Winger ......
We look so dangerous going forward
Anyone tell me who got the Leicester goal?
#LEIMUN Who would've thought that attacking football scores goals... # m u f c
Big hold from #OSU nice call refs
Clemson is looking like the real deal. # c l em son vs out h car ol in a
800 minutes? R U KIDDEN ME. That's what u get for subscribing to "#1 Home Broadband" PLDT.
Heater won't turn on and rain ruined my travel plans. # happy holidays
Shit, I last came on in May to spout my Green voting stuff... That can't be right surely? I clearly helped the cause though.
How to use your friends; make em worry about you so you can feed onto their attention and money. #Im Pissed # Done
SEC is the best conference in college football this is why they have as many teams in the top 25 as the big 10 has in the top 10
Bringing Carrick in for Schneiderlin has done wonders, Louis...
I'm just giving u my silent treatment. Isn't great?
WVU needs more of the black rubber on their field I think.
Gee who woulda thought zeke could run like that¿?
Having both OCs in the pressbox is paying massive dividends for the Buckeyes today.
'Mom, get snapchat. It'll be so fun.' YES. So fun to view ridiculous pictures & videos of myself.
Today is Small Business Saturday. I bought food from McDonald's, an HDMI cable from Best Buy, and a book from Amazon. # shop small
is sometimes the last option, when nothing else works
5 year high school reunion tonight...too bad I am not going
Firing Loeb from #WTCC to get him back to #WRC as a development driver will surely motivate him ... .
"Contrary to popular belief, Richard Pryor was NOT the patron Saint of Black Friday. It was Pam Greer."
The level of post-hand analysis in a $50 tournament is truly inspiring. # poker
Nothing can stop me, even # e x a m s and i do what i have in my schedule, thats why i am unique.
Hey OC Transpo...keep raising those fares for the majority of those that take the bus.
Desmond didn't pick OU?!? I'm shocked!!
Great! I'm starting to mix english/spanish at same time
# Daughter just told me she got her first F in # reading class. I said, you've had effing reading classes before. Took her a min.
This new sharp pain in my back is awesome! # f u c k i n g h u r t s r i c k
No Singaporeans in any of the last four. Harris Harun made sure of that. Solidarity for going out together. #Tin Foil Hat
My first Saturday in Cebu where no one is coming with me, just because others are fun to be with . # alone # lonely
Best way to stop Syrian refugees?? Bomb them some more that will learn em! Well done british government *slow clap*
If # Turkey would have been Hung(a)ry would # Put in still wanted it for # Thanks giving ? . # S u 24 #No More
Woaaah so supportive, thanks a flipping lot
absolutely loves it when people think it's OK to text in sick 5 minutes after their shift was supposed to start. # f ml
People tend to do exactly the things they were preaching against a few hours ago. # anger
So a white man shot up a Planned Parenthood based on his small minded religious beliefs? Yeah, Syrian refugees are the problem.
I'm sure criminals will be the first in line to turn over their guns to the government.
Some ppl are a ray of # sunshine in the morning
I just love waking up in crippling pain because I pulled my neck in my sleep.
My favorite thing about Q&A is not having any of my questions answered
Being mildly intoxicated with your finances family at a mall is always a great idea.
Daryl Murphy just scored against Charlton, should definitely be our number 1 striker for the Euro's
Good to see so many St Mirren fans made that long journey from Paisley. What a support
Less impressed by # n u get which is running at it's usual stellar pace this morning .
It's so nice to be able to hear the UK marching band before 7A # g rump y
Geez, never would have known it was #Small Business Saturday without the dozens of radio commercials in a row #American Express!
Hello Saturday hangover. You've been missed.
IT companies soon to provide "WFT-Work From Traffic" to thier employees in # Bengal u r u . # traffic # crisis
Yay!! I get to go to work today!! # fuck my life
#How Dare You called my nation an intolerant country! Use  instead ;)
I can't believe ur girl choose me over you
# gun sales 140,000 people will have background checks on 11.27.15 for firearms-a great way to celebrate # c h r i s t m as #Not One Dime # b l m
Stomach ache at 3am? Meh I didn't need any sleep anyway... # f e e l i n g y u c k y
Love being up early on my day off
I've been holding out for this SAT nite - Jnr Eurovision, Sound of Music, Frozen or Cricket # t v
So happy that #Mercedes Benz are face lifting the #GLA already. After 24 months on the road it's really starting to look old...
That moment when my Smartphone's Smart LTE is more stable than our Globe Broadband. I do love your Loyalty plan, Globe.
Apparently, "I like to think so." is the wrong answer when the police ask you if you've consumed a lot of drugs this evening.
Why do we need mucus membranes anyway?
Some days you want to eat a salad and # workout . Other times you want to engulf a buffet. It's called balance. # fitness
Halo 5 sold badly? Totally didn't see that coming. Nope. Not at all.
I'm going to sleep great tonight!
Good to see crickets nice guys deliberately target an injured player  #A U Sv N Z
Can someone tell me what's the latest trend in patriotism? Should I install or uninstall Snapdeal app from my phone?
$24/year for that backup service... REALLY worth it... not. # not funny
Aus vs. NZ at Adelaide. 12 wickets on Day 1, for 256 runs. I suppose we blame a turning track there as well?  #I N Dv S A #A U Sv N Z
Tomorrow is always promised, no matter what they say.
Whenever I see a # list I ask myself: "why 9 ways and not 8 or 10"? # list s
Oh boy, two late shifts in a row!!!
Once again, the day is saved thanks to insomnia! # let me sleep
Don't forget the intense desire to announce that they're deleting!!!Better say how much u want them to stay before it's too late!!!
my chemical romance is going to get back together before pierce the veil releases their new album.
So glad the police were able to apprehend the #Planned Parenthood shooter alive.
#Planned Parenthood if only those police officers who were shot had guns.
With a deep love of # bat man # harry p otter # the g r inch along with many many other awesome things....
You quite possibly might be the most mature person I know
It's so great waking up and going to a school to a teacher who always assumes your doing something wrong
Yes, the Panthers killed the Cowboys, but goooooodnight I'm over all of the memes. #Keep Pounding # f o o t b a l l s m football
I just love it when people spit on me at work. ..
Work is just hunky dory right now.
I saw two mens respect each other in a Walmart today  #Black Friday
Nothing like a 9 hour drive from St Catharines to kick off our wknd in Montreal!
I wish we had young prospects in our lineup to use in the SO. # C a n u c k s
wow ppl can like girls and guys???? what?? since when?? like ???! wow am i stumped.
Because killing others is always the only answer # Date line
it's so exciting to learn code byheart rather than understand it.... # m c a # f rust ration
This #B A Yvs T C U game has so much offense.
So thankful for all the research papers and projects I was assigned over Thanksgiving break  #FU
So glad the Colorado Springs shooter was just a white religious nut, and not a terrorist.  #Idiot America
Just another RSD flareup... I absolutely love these #Chronic Life # chronic illness
Huge win for the Rockets! Next stop Finals, beating one of the best NBA teams ever assembled. So proud of this team # we suck ass
Nothing to see here. ..just keep shopping #Planned Parenthood # t e r r o r i s m #Colorado Springs Shooting #Black Friday
Iowa with another convincing win against another unranked team. I can see why they are ranked 4th. # Hawk eyes
I had a great day and lots of people texted me to make it better
Hey now, #Thanksgiving With White Families is hilarious -- but Miracle Whip jokes? Below the belt, yo. #Not All White People #Muh Feelings
Every time I hear something about Cam Newton doing dabs I incorrectly think that he's a badass weed smoking football player. ?
Gimmick 1 over. Time for gimmick 2. This is so much better. # is les
Because it is hard to respond.....
Brutal night if you are a Pgh fan. First JA Happ signs elsewhere then the pens lose a meaningless regular season game to Columbus.
#P M Qs - If you haven't got an argument, throw in some # ridicule & . # Osborne #Escape Route
Boy this bulls offense is so awesome. Good thing we got rid of thibbs.
Torts coaching another dirty team. Shocker. # P e n s
Once we decide the ethnicity of the Planned Parenthood shooter, we can determine if it's islamic terrorists or just mental illness
next #Black Friday I'm moving to a state where I can fight for the things I want. # Texas
My favorite thing is when my dad shoves dead animal in my face and goes "mmmmmmm I bet u want some"
No worries boys, please. Feel free. Pee in my yard.
fans chanting for Crosby. how nice.  #Lets Go Pens
Wow. Ryan Miller complaining. Never seen that before.
Earlier i couldn't understand somethings sometimes , but now i misunderstand on regular basis. # humour
well this has been a great week
#Fanny Packs have a direct link to the inability to grasp
Supposed to rain all night and into the morning. Yeah, I just love the rain and this makes me so glad
Oh good, only 160 video clips of various lengths to sort through for two Disney vlogs... Walk in the park.
WOW! Justin and Diana win again. This has been such a suspenseful, exciting season of #TAR.
Yep, keep shooting on a goalie who can see 100%. Carey Price would let in a few if he was always unscreened...  Start playing hockey!
Coach Rice is the worst!!! Days r numbered. minutes go 2 players who work & play harder than others. No wonder players leave #UNLV
#Fire Ferentz I mean really 12-0?? Why haven't you done that every year?? I mean for all that money and everything....
you're welcome jahapp, not sure what the details were from the Pirates offer but I am glad there is still some loyalty in Baseball.
He was always such a nice guy, we can believe this happened. We know # America -- we can't believe it either.
I have 39 followers. Thank you! hahah! # can we make it 40 ? What can I shout about next?
Because you know, all white guys who shoot up places are mentally ill.
So fed up with the biased mainstream media. I will now start relying on only my totally objective and unbiased opinions.
Wait they took him alive after he shot 5 cops? Must be nice
Yeah let's show our pro-life support by killing people. Good idea.
Working retail on Black Friday is awesome
you guys I have a gig at 8:30am tomorrow morning with my a cappella group. SINGING THAT EARLY IN THE MORNING IS FUN LOL
Oh wow Iowa beat another unranked team. They are so deserving of the #4 ranking....
17 hour shifts are illegally fun.  #Black Friday
When they call you, then you call back in seconds but they don't answer... Aw, that's not suspicious at all
Single for Christmas has to be the best thing every
Yeah, cops suck, we don't need them.
It's truly nice to know where I stand with you
One of my coworkers takes a 15 minute smoke break every hour, so I've decided to start taking hourly 15 minute fresh-air breaks.
Tommy Armstrong make a poor throw? Never. He hasn't made a bad throw all year. # h e s u c k s #I O W Avs N E B #Fire Riley
The #BIG obviously doesn't know that Iowa winning is the best things for the conference. # a m a z i n g o f f i c i at in g
RT joanna_nickerso What a beautiful night to wait curbside for a tow truck
What a beautiful night to wait curbside for a tow truck
If every pregnant women were armed, stuff like this wouldn't happen. Problem solved.
I just loooove going under the speed limit. Makes me soooooooo happy
We really need to worry about those Muslims from Syria bringing the terror here.
Lol. And when your son is about to be 19 and still in the 11th grade, he'll surely think everything is easy Hahaha
Why do my # in laws not know about green vegetables? Can't wait for another starch meal with them #Thanksgiving Leftovers
Didn't realize there were so many professional athletes on Twitter who could play better. Oh, wait.
My bad knee decided to give out today. Darn, an evening forced to sit around and do nothing but read The Princess Bride. Woe is me.
I love watching a free throw contest #Wooden Legacy15 # b o i s e s t v s m s u # e s p n #Michigan State
You're right America. Iowa's offense isn't that explosive. #I O W Avs N E B # two 1 play drives
Nothing's more American than camping outside for ammo doorbusters Cabela's.
subliminal messages are really the way to get your point across....
Rushing 3 or 4 on Armstrong seems to be working well # Blitz #Go Hawks
omfg I got eight thumbs up on my comment on youtube. My life is complete now thank you all my fans xxxxxxx
Great start to the second half for the # H u s k e r s .
Been pissed 3 days in a row. At least I know now what that Nickelback song 'I wanna be a rock star' is about. # bye liver
Non-Muslim 'lone wolf' shooting randomly in Planned Parenthood building! At least Christians won't be demonized for his actions
So after the Colorado Springs terrorist incident,are we meant to bomb Vatican City,the source of fundamentalism?
If I was cranky this morning, tired and cranky now, can't wait for 430a.m. tomorrow to see what my attitude is then.
Best driving ever!  Jeep cuts off Honda. Honda crosses 2 lanes then crosses back 2 lanes to end up in same place behind Jeep.
Waking up to the chorus of "I love Snape" is ALWAYS fucking delightful
Love going into halftime w/ all 3 timeouts. With all of the flags thrown, 2 big missed calls on Nebraska scoring drives. # hawk eyes
More white on white crime. Why are white people such animals? What's wrong with them?!  (mostly)
Why isn't the pro-life movement taking responsibility for this? Why aren't they apologizing? Why can't they police themselves?
Apparently # H u s k e r s ' Armstrong is "at his best when he makes an accurate throw and good decisions." Other qb's just cant say that
I get to go to work with it icing outside. Yay
Welp, looks like someone shot up a #Planned Parenthood in my hometown today. Nice place we live in.
Apologies. White man just happened to randomly trip into a Planned Parenthood office & shoot people. # s m h
So like I get paid on Fridays but I work on Black Friday how great
So glad Nebraska got a coach that is so good at developing quarterbacks.
So much joy and kindness in and around this mall today # t is the season # black f rid a y
Y'all, bless my little heart, I found some killer deals on ralph lauren polos and sperrys! # gods country # black f rid a y
Ahhh... the joys of working inside a grocery/department store on Black Friday.
Next time a white kid gets shot by a black cop we should all protest, cause as proud white Americans that's what we should do right?
Big match up between Ithaca and Clinton next # watch out
Wow I can never vote for Donald Trump now because he made fun of some crippled reporter!
Black Friday ha? You're saying black are cheap? # r a c i s m # black f rid a y
I love people who miss appointments when I could've been on the road to C'ville 90 minutes ago!
Doing returns on Black Friday is a genius way to keep the lines moving
I formulate my opinions based upon the things i see on social media. # think for yourself # opinions #itakemyselfveryseriously
Guns. All the world needs now is more guns. .
Classy move Tom Herman and Houston...
"Maybe we should form a registry of people with pro-life views, for our safety." # irony
Having no friends is literally the best fucking time
I'm # thankful that Pierre McGuire is on TV today. I've learned so much about Canadian Jrs.& college hockey.
I updated my phone during the night and i just realized all of my final dates are gone. I love teachers who don't use moodle...
But no, that one was okay because he's so fast and he's so big and he doesn't know his own strength, brah
I am thankful for job sites that spam other sites and have recruiter bots, because both make the world a better place
Walking around a packed antique mall on Black Friday while they are blasting Xmas music is NOT as fun as you'd think it would be.
heading to work in a little bit...I can't wait...
Shooting at a Planned Parenthood in Colorado... Must be Syrian refugees! # facet i o us
Really feeling on top of the world right now.  #Feel Shit #Nobody Cares
so glad my hometown is in the news for such a positive thing. # shameful # scary #moreadjectivesstartingwiths
Just another mass shooting in # a m e r i c a but they are not Islamic extremists so it is okay and not terrorism # color a do springs
Only spent $200 so far. Pretty proud of my self control
Period zits are my favorite # a t l e a s t i m not p re g go # f am of four
I should also say I really like Boulder & could see myself living there. But, I'm stuck in Breckenridge.
Staying in on my own is mint
Lines = # fun No complaints tho
In 2K16 gonna impose tax on oxygen. Dar
Well, isn't shopping on Black Friday just exciting? # Savage
Omg snow in November? How can this happen? # do y
I bet if the Packers' young players were playing NFL 2K instead of Madden they'd be on a win streak right now.
Ah, today is the game Hog fans have been waiting for all year: Mizzou. # not a rivalry # w p s
Does Disney own an oil biz?  But $DIS is only non-energy stock among worst in S&P today: $SWN $CNX $RRC $MUR $MRO $HES $NRG $CHK $DO
my weekend has gone so well so far..
When you see these videos of Black Friday shoppers just shows you how civilized we are
Time to do the most fun part of a review, writing it!
one of makcik at office didn't feel anything if u make a sarcastic joke..i asked em..is your hormon leaving the building
Dats wht u gt whn a poet n a critic become one personality
People who understand  well are better off at reading people's mind. They understand that the other has something else in mind.
Why do people fight over junk at Black Friday events? I'm shopping online and will only hope I don't receive junk
Selfies on Instagram are getting more filtered than Water from Kent RO. # s e l f i e s arc as am # self i e
When is $KBIO going to merge with an Irish pharmaceutical company so it can lower its tax bill?  $PFE $AGN
If you make videos, you obvs have a big ego cause you know, you record yourself and put yourself on the Internet.
Aaj kal ke kids itne talented hote
Wow what 'Best Friends' Regina and Emma is..
Dad complaining about in the house. Mom and I giving him a look like, "Did you just move here?" # family
So glad we spent yesterday being thankful, so we could spend today reclassifying wants as needs. # black f rid a y
Just got an email, titled "Black Friday Finally Here". No kidding. Would have never known had I not seen that email.
1 day I wanna be so rich/famous that I can afford anything I want but won't have to spend a dime cuz I'll be given everything free
Oh I do love being on hold!
Man, Kelly & Michael are on top of things … reporting #Cyber Monday is replacing #Black Friday … bleh … Holiday TV.
Evidently my company refers to it's corporate satellite feed as "Wall of Eyes" which totally isn't creepy as fuck.
It sure was fun having the roads all to myself this morning.
Am I gunna receive any more Black Friday emails today?  #Black Friday
Since it's the busiest shopping day of the year, make sure you stop by a store just to pay a bill.
I love everybody. Some I love to be around. Some I love to avoid. And others I love to punch in the face.
Call it controversial but this year I have decided I'm not doing ribbon curls!!! # rebel
A man in a red beacon car steps out and cuts the ATM line. Laughs when i remark that he must be in a hurry. #india Experience
Wow! Save $15 on an iPad at Best Buy! WHAT A DEAL. #Black Friday
Oh boy, a power outage in my area. :/
my grammar is good ...like what the fuck?
Reading a snow removal contract is so exciting.
Some of the most efficient # public transit goes to airports. Because we need to help the well-off and burn more jet fuel. Win-win.
Work is going to be so much fun today!
Have to be up in 3 hours and have a 9 hour shift # life is good # thankful
# nap refusal one of the joys of # babies . Another? # m r tumble and # c b b c ... All. Freaking. Day. # wanting to shoot myself # pass the wine
Haven't been able to sleep at all and we're bout to leave to go shopping in this awesome weather # but kind a excited
Thankful that sooo many friends got engaged yesterday ... #single A F
I'm not worried about Voges dropping a soda because he's a great long term prospect. #A U Sv N Z # pink ball
yep, there aren't enough Syrian refugees... good job government want to bomb the country to make lots more for us to moan about!
I think it would be ok if I show Harry how big's my love for him. Because even he won't see my tweet so I don't have to worry.
Looking forward to my 12 hour shift today.
Lots of racist comments about friday today...Everyone calling it Black!! #Shame On You.
Is it #Black Friday by any chance? # S ale #Jurassic Art
sar·casm ˈsärˌkazəm/Submit / noun The use of irony to mock or convey contempt. Ironical craft that most on SM are unable to grasp.
Try saying I love you to Siri.  #Apple Smack
PNB Cubao, did you really have to schedule your maintenance on a payday/long weekend? Thank you for this much-needed inconvenience.
So glad I got up this morning
In battle of # M o di Vs #Anti India is a clear winner
But yeah we have it soooooo easy
At the office with a cold....thank you life..these are the days I truly adore
Glad I got an invite to do something tonight.
Cant they send the small kids in small cargo gages? # airport
Super excited to open on black Friday tomorrow!!¡¡!!
Lovin' all this #Black Friday madness # s a r d o n o c i s m # tongue in cheek
I love the cougars <3 but like da animals :p not the hot attractive older women <3
I'm just soooo bummed I'm not working Black Friday
I wonder if the 11 Teams the Panthers beat realize that they are "Nobody's"?  #Stop Hating #Panther Nation #Keep Pounding
My posts would make more sense if there was a  font. #Jesse Settings
bad news always comes with the most perfect timing, doesn't it?
I'm really exhausted camping out in my bed for those online black friday deals. #Black Friday # shopping # happy thanks giving
Hey at least # Packers are building for the future. They have a ton of 7th round picks.
Cue the angry # p a c k e r s fans in 5.. 4.. 3.. 2.. 1.. #Fire Mccarthy # f i r e r o d g e r s # f i r e d o m capers #C H Ivs G B # worst team in history
I'm sure this one is all about Dom Capers too. Pile on. His defense has cost us. They should score too.
Well Rodgers was obviously hurt. So hollow victory for the Bears. #G Bvs C H I # suck it #Bear Down
Somewhere Brett Farve snickers as he slips on a Bears Jersey. He's like if Ditka can do it I'm all in! #C H Ivs G B # suit him up
The best part about working in a kitchen is just when you think you yet gonna close early a huge group of people walk in
Me to kt. "Why are you so smiley?" Her response. "Because I'm talking to the most amazing greatest person ever." ? I think so.
I love getting two hours of sleep and having to go to work because people can't wait until the morning to go shopping
Totally looking forward to writing a Econ paper tomorrow # i mon break # what
Adams with great effort on that play...
I didn't realize sage and sagebrush were the same thing. # J e o p a r d y
What NFL games really need are more commercials.
Another great thanksgiving in the Nguyen house.
Yeah them damn refs are only fucking Chicago over.
I had the best thanksgiving. # f ml # fuck work
I just saw a fly dying in front of me.. So heartbreaking to lose a life #Pray For Fly Muslims killed it..
Today just keeps getting better and better. # Thanks giving
I think Tyrone Swoops is the Allen Iverson for tu football. #The Answer
if anyone says you put 2 much parmesan cheese on yr pasta, stop talking to them. U don’t need that kind of negativity in yr life.
Great job to ND for pulling through for the ACC in hoops tonight! # seriously wt f
Geez, is tomorrow Black Friday!? I had no clue. . Social media let me down. Again, .
Wait, they're retiring Favre's number tonight? I didn't know that.
I love the people who have to insult others because their losing a debate on twitter
Totally love working on tha skydiving
What we really should be thankful for is the Native Americans having weak immune systems # happy thanks giving
We're on to the "Maybe Gene Smith knew something" portion of the night. Haha.
Thankful for ovarian cysts # sort a # lame # f b
I really admire your detective skills. I really couldn’t figure out on my own what the weather was like in the last few days.
i feel so loved when i'm around my family
If that ball had been thrown by a legit QB, that would have been incomplete...so good throw by Swoops
"Yeah, Granny has free WiFi... The password is 'you wish'" # family # love
I'm thankful for those "friends" who say they care but don't bother to talk to you. #Im Thankful For
Do I believe in love at first sight? Absolutely. I fall in # love with every # dog I see # Funny # True
There needs to be more commercials in college football!
im thankful for...entitled white men taking what doesn't belong to them # happy thanks giving
can't wait to sit at the dinner table with my family & be the outcast.
Gee, I sure do love being a cowboys fan!
Kickoff forecast: 39 degrees. Rainy. Wind at 19 mph. Beautiful night for football!  #C H Ivs G B
So glad I can spend thanksgiving with my boyfriend. #that'sAJoke
I'm so freakin' sleepy it's not funny. But...there's curling on TSN...how can I miss that???
I do love the Ab Carver roller ab machine commercial after I've had a carb loaded thanksgiving.
What our country has lost in math, science, and manufacturing status, it makes up for in Black Friday # people are stupid
# a league Tonight: Melbourne City v Perth Glory...sure to be a blockbuster clash
Alright Cowboys. 2 more 2-pt conversion TDs and a FG and you're in business!!
Wow cassel is so good! He should like be the starter for the Cowboys now! If we win out we have a chance # not serious # we suck
Started at QB & Cornerback during our Turkey day game.
Two more work days and I get to enjoy my Sunday.. Lucky me
Thank God I put ginn back in my starting line. He was such the right decision. # sorry not sorry
Being sick on thanksgiving is the best! 10/10 would do again
Wow. What analysis. An undefeated team is one of the best teams in the league. Who woulda thunk it?
Bday coming up on Christmas # ya yyyy
Dang it Tony injured just before he mounts epic comeback.
Well, the Cowboys were soooo close to contending for a playoff spot. This Romo injury really sets them back.
And there ends one of the worst # Cow boys seasons in my memory. Super Bowl dreams blown up by the greatest OLine in history.
Today I'm thankful then Cowboys got rid of Weeden he was obviously holding them back.  #D A Lvs C A R
I sure am glad the Cowboys cut Corey White so they could play Patmon.
20-30% off from Canadian Retailers. GREAT DEALS!!! # keep your half ass deals
Wow I love REAL country like #Luke Bryan # this halftime blows
Cool. Trading field goals will really help the Cowboys.
Parents opted to do dinner out. Restaurant ran out of candied yams, stuffing!, apple pie, and pumpkin pie # happy thanks giving
Love when you have to spend Thanksgiving at a family Thanksgiving, with friends the host invited.
So now that all the Thanksgiving festivities are over, it's time to dive into some delicious Hematology and Microbiology. NOT
Love when people tell me to stop smoking on Instagram, it's my favorite
Nothing I love more than a 3rd & 5 and you throw the ball behind the line of scrimmage! Great Play Calling
Without question, the brain is the most important organ you have. According to the brain- Of course.
So thankful I got woken up from my post thanksgiving slumber by the horrendous music my neighbor is blasting # thankful t we et
Just in the cold ..... Queueing ..... Waiting for #Black Friday deals ....
Nothing gets you more fired up for football than Luke Bryan
Phew. For a while there I thought veiwers were going to benefit from the TV rights negotiations. Hooray for status quo! # n r l
Big Sean and Luke Bryan for music on the 2 games today. At least the music hasn't sucked.
The Obama war on Christianity is pretty brutal, according to what I see in my social media feeds  #Thanks Obama
Nothing pumps me up for a football games like country music!
Merry Thanks Kwanzaa, cause I wouldn't wanna offend anyone.
And the least impressive perfect team in NFL history keeps poundin'
Great. Fucking lost my voice. Exactly what i need.
Happy holidays! Political correctness goes both ways
I thought I was watching the reply!
All the Cowboys needed was Romo to come back. It was quarterback play all along that was causing their losses.  #not Weedensfault
Glad to see Romo is back.  #C A Rvs D A L
Good thing the Cowboys have Romo back or this game would be ugly
# Cow boys are better with Matt Cassel.
That Brandon Weeden just keeps throwing pick sixes for Dallas. Somehow.
yes go on, tell me whats in my energy drink like its going to make me stop drinking it. please, enlighten me
I'm not great at advice. Can I interest you in a sarcastic comment? #Chandler Bing # Friends
Mom's making me help at a craft fair this weekend. So glad my Thanksgiving weekend got some excitement in it
I'm shocked that was ruled a catch. .
I'm a Big Greg Hardy fan. # domestic violence is bad.
Andddddd Dobson to IR I'll be flying up to Foxborough to try out for the WR position. Wish me luck.
Everyone is a freakin food critic at thanksgiving. Never mind that you made your dish in the microwave, I'm sure you're a foodie
Eating my weight in raw oysters instead of turkey for Thanksgiving lunch. My life is so sad. I don't know how I'll ever survive it!
Wait Romo threw a pick six?!? No way he's not KNOWN for turnovers....
When u spend £40 on invites an end up havin to chase RSVPs.... Really good fun!
Chaos with airport workers in Brussels and the rest of Europe. Didn't see that coming.
apparently Jahlil Okafor knocked someone out at the street of Boston. Lol It's all part of the fan sixers fans . .
# tempted to stick out my tongue#inyourface#..wink..
Can't wait to enter a TV advert next year to win a PR award! #PR # A wards
Baring in mind all my friends are in relationships, this New Year's Eve is going to be a cracker # lone r
Best thing about Thanksgiving Day? Gaining back all the weight you lost  . Happy Thanksgiving, Lovely People
Having SO much fun being locked out of Facebook on thanksgiving...trying to make posts about being thankful...
# t b t when Syracuse killed the Big East. Good times
Watching #Animatedmovies...another joyful perks of being a # mom ! #Mom Moments
I saw my favorite band Panic at the Disco at the Macy's Parade. # happy thanks giving
Family get togethers are always a blast
#Im Thankful For the Eagles ruining my Thanksgiving
#Chip Kelly be like, fire # S had y and hire # Murray ... seems legit. #NFL # Eagles
At least the Eagles don't suck!
I'm thankful to be at work on thanksgiving
I want to get out of this shit course forever JUST 10 more minutes and a PERFECT final exam and I will be done # scared
Down 35... 3rd and 10, and you decide to run the ball?? Genius Chip Kelly
Love to find out that black Friday gets autocorrected to: Black Friday ... Guess it is now considered a holiday
So now I have to listen to these fuckers for 20 minutes instead of being at home. Yay!
Happy Thanksgiving, America! Be thankful for hashtags that separate us further racially and and culturally! Thats the point right?
If only every dollar was earned for every sarcastic comment, I'd be rich. While others paid taxes to hear my bling. # pun
I'm so glad I bought a MacBook because everything loads quickly
Philly looks like they have this game in hand ( ), so I’m starting my #Thanksgiving Nap.
# man in the high castle 1x03 ...what a lovely universe...
# mark i e mark is just what y'all needed
Anybody thankful for #Chip Kelly in philly right # good job today
Didn't establish himself as a runner AFTER getting the ball and two feet down ... But they call it a TD anyway?
You care so much about me
In a year with no stud QB in the draft, I'm thankful the # Eagles are literally the worst team in football.
So, I kinda felt like Foles should’ve stayed in Philly. But yeah, keeping Sanchez as a backup was totally worth it.
Mark Sanchez is a really really good quarterback #NFL
Pumped I didn't star Stafford today
I'm thankful for my immune system which decided to completely give up today.
Glad to see we made some adjustments for the second half like we always do
I'm thankful for...my period starting today
We demand #Zarbe Azb on pakistani cricket ab raheel sharif hi bacha saktay hain cricket ko  #P A Kv E N G
When i think if a nice, family friendly halftime show that everyone will enjoy...i definitely think big sean...
This halftime performance at the Eagles-Lions game is filing my heart with the holiday spirit.
Nothing like auto tuned halftime musical performances # slow clap
That shocking moment when you capture a shocking moment at the precise time and post it all over the internet. # inter net lies
I sense a big Eagles 2nd half comeback!
#Prayfor Turkies Pray for all the murders that's happening in the World to Turkies on Thanksgiving If you didn't notice...#
I'm thankful for the Eagles defense.
Eating in downtown # y y c at noon during the week is a new fun experience.
Still, Eagles only 2 games out at worst even with this loss!! Still in this division!!!!  #Eagles Nation
Shocked that having Rowe cover Johnson didn't work out there for Billy Davis... # Eagles #SMH
Wow the Eagles are so good
Shame on the NFL for making people work on Thanksgiving.
When you're upset.. Hearing how someone else has been more upset before is definitely a great way to cheer them up
Thankful that I did everything for you and nothing good came out of it
Can't wait to see everyone's snap chats of their food plates !!!
(not) thankful for the highschools dipshit crew that imprisoned paxton # free p ax who's the real monsters?
DAD: Stay out of the kitchen, I'm going to mop. ME: You mean I have to stay in the family room and watch football ? OH NO! # football
Pakistan team running is better than jamaican team running...  #P A Kv E N G
"What you gonna have for Thanksgiving?" Putin: "Turkey" # pun # deep # real time # thanks giving
wow i'm so famous today.. so many people are talking to me and my notifications flooded... #NOT
I wonder if we will see any Black Friday commercials during today's football games.
Caroline Lucas wants to get diplomatic with ISIS.......off you pop then love.....maybe take tea & cakes....that might help
2 dry, 27 wet; when 27 dry, 2 wet # In tolerance # G u jar at # B i ha r # being sarcastic # no of fence # take it easy policy # humour only ;)
Just peeled 10 pounds of potatoes. What a great thanksgiving.
Yaayyyy me truck broke down I'm so excited
Totally buzzing for my speed awareness course tomorrow.
Nothing says Thanksgiving Day football quite like Qarabaq hosting Tottenham Hotspur #Europa League
I'm thankful for being over 1000 miles away from home # l ol
Happy # Thanks giving to all my friends, # family and all of us poor bastards in # retail . #Black Friday # humor # funny
Nothing like a 63 degree thanksgiving
WELP 7:41 am and the day is only gonna get better :-(
Currently sat between J14 & J15 #M40, not moved for 32 minutes # awesome # balls
LOL at that song on the parade now. #Completely Appropiate
Glad to see that the writers of Jessica Jones did so much great research about anesthetic drugs.
Can't wait to see everyone's thanksgiving meal tonight on snapchat!
The holidays really bring out the best in people
Glad to see the great amount of diversity in the # r o c k e t t e s this year. #Macys Parade
Shoutout to Mariah Carey. She sounded exactly like she does on the radio. Amazing!
Nothing says thanksgiving like peddling bras. Thanks #Victoria Secret. My kids love your commercials! #Thanksgiving Day Parade
I am super excited to watch and talk about the sports today. I enjoy all the sports. # go sports
#Ambani Steals Modi Sleeps How is this trending? Twitter is a Traitor. Pakistan bhejo, Ban kro
I love it when the whole family is in the same room, but no one is talking because they all hate each other, lol.
Can't wait to see the news story about the tragic car accident that killed a family of 5 tonight. Love news on the holidays!
I wasn't a victim of genocide so people could have a shitty holiday is #Why Im Thankful and yes this is complete
Having to use four way split screen to write one document is great fun
THANKS ADELE FOR NOT TOURING IN THE STATES!!!! THAT'S TOTALLY COOL!!!
Off to see some very interesting English theatre in Hamburg
I love when people type "thx" instead of "thanks". Because that extra 3 letters is really just so much effort.
Did I sleep through Thanksgiving? I woke up to Christmas songs on the radio.
That's a pretty good start # H u m m e l s
I can't wait to see pictures of everyone's food today
//Yay I love one word answers .-.
Thankful to have a high fever on Thanksgiving
You know what I'm thankful for.....spam emails from companies wishing me a Happy Thanksgiving. It means the world.
WISHING ALL MY FRIENDS IN AMERICA A VERY HAPPY NATIVE AMERICAN MASSACRE DAY CELEBRATIONS  BETTER KNOW WHAT YOU'RE CELEBRATING
This condom challenge will surely end well...
Alone In NYC on Thanksgiving.. YAY!.
# n b c just opened the #Macys Thanksgiving Day Parade with a performance honoring an immigrant from Cuba... #What Were They Thinking
#Im Thankful For George W. Bush for ending terrorism.
Pol gov and rizal, best example of a perfect combination
Matthew Morrison = National Treasure #Macys Thanksgiving Day Parade  #Just Shoot Me
OMG the #Macys Parade is rocking this year with Daughtry AND Train! # Thanks giving
I'm trying not to think about my dad not being here for thanks giving but I'm getting sympathy thanks giving dad texts # thanks
Nothing better than waking up at 5:45 because your mom let out a really loud scream in the kitchen
Turns out I work with fleetwoods biggest fan! Well they're going on Saturday so they must be from the way they're talking!
Why pakistanis are mahroom from turkey's
Today I am thankful for the peace and prosperity # O b am a has brought to the world. # epic fail # g i a n t d o u c h # t u r d s and w i c h
I'm thankful for friends and family...not my "actual" friends and family but the calling plan which saves me money. :) # humor
on a school break.. still waking up at 6 yay so happy  so happy i want to die
Thank you flo..... So grateful for your appearance this thanksgiving day.
Courtney Barnett just gave the most riveting award speech # A r i as
Anyway, I watched it because I'd never seen a screen treatment of Spider-Man's origin before & wanted to see how it was handled.
What a tribute pay by govt to the hero of 26/11, india -pak cricket series in sri lanka.
So pumped to be working today
Why India doesn't see what you see: 'Swatch Bharat' & 'Make In India' are such stupid ideas. Let's be dirty & slaves.  #Rahul Gandhi
Lets be # positive # speak well b # humble # appreciate avoid be all # health # conscious and then I # wake up Oh this me any # me any # world
Yeah let’s go terrorise the Syrian people in return for someone terrorising people in France. It’s ok if we do it though. Whoop!
Dave is oozing with humanitarianism. # Syria # w a r m o n g e r s
Sure we don't need nurses, midwives and doctors anyway just crack on! # student nurses # junior doctors
My child's safety, I won't buy a mosquito repellent instead I'm planning to leave my house... # P k m
"Whatsapp customerservice" - REVOLUTIONARY. - # e marketing
So appearantly some panda or raccoon lil fag just told me to fuck off and blocked me. Oh wow I'll totally kill myself now
Yes, continue telling me how amazing my boobs are. That will totally get you in my pants.
Very unlike Neil dcosta to make a a dumb statement, when we should be celebrating a life.
I love getting into London super early for someone to then be an hour late
So now in South Africa we're adopting the American, "Black Friday". Is there a, "White Friday"? No! Damn racists! # just relax
S/O to Walmart's speedy ass service, only took a half hour to let me load/checkout, but by golly I did it..
If you set your phone to "do not vibrate on calls" your Android wear won't vibrate on calls either. Nice developer sense of UX
I feel like I either say things that make people laugh, or that make people wish they had never met me. There is no in between.
RE: last RT ... yes, exactly right - Browns/Pettine afraid JM would be good ... that's why they benched him for this 1 incident.
Seeing people agree on a thread to death penalty makes me sick for the human race. Congrats on evolving to a more humane species.
Keith didn't enter bigg boss house today due to demolition will enter in #BB10 .... #BB9
Oh you went to classics on thanksgiving eve? Classic.  #youdidntevengotowesterville
I love that study abroad emails me at 1 am
Especially when it's the one DJ I really like. Fucking amazing.
I love thanksgiving. My family is so great.
ah, yes, # h oust on weather sweaters and leggings one day, humidity and heat the next. gotta love it.
Pretty sure I bypassed adulthood and instead turned into # G a r field . Eat, sleep and hate everything. Check! # c y n i c # humor # life
Nah...that's cool. I didn't do my hair and makeup tonight just to FaceTime you. Why do I waste my time?
I still remember when my ex said I looked like a potato. When he said that, we were dating. Who said romance was dead?
everyone must be copyin me. i talked bout flowers, sea, sky in twitter back then. and cl must be copyin my username w hello bitches
I should blame this back pain on the full moon!
#Angel Bear has a 102 degree temp just in time for # Thanks giving . # Thankful # worried mom my
Soooo looking forward to having both sides of my family over for thanksgiving
And as usual I should never have a reason to be mad.
The democrats have it right! Global warming is why ISIS is attacking everyone! It has nothing to do with radical Islamists!
"Upgraded" to W i n d o w s 10. Now I can't adjust the screen brightness!!! Ya!!! # W i n d o w s 10
SO thankful my professor graded my essay tonight and got such a good grade!!!!! ;)))))
Perry Ellis has been playing for Kansas since 2005. How in the heck does he still have any eligibility left? # ducks from tomatoes
The #76ers Vs Nets game this coming February is becoming a HELLUVA lot more intriguing now.
So the upcoming #Captain America Civil War movie has nothing in common with the beautiful comic book uh? What a surprise, Disney!
Yeah Couts getting his stick knocked out of his hands is not a slash.
Ellis island comes on the movie Jenna: we've been there Sarah! Lauren: wow. So cool. Can I be you. # s ass y pants
Really can't wait to see the iced out # k u b ball unis. Really respect # team a did as for the unique and edgy design. # respect ........
Great! crazy abi is back. # s t o p g o i n g a f t e r j o e # Sur vivo r
What a snipe from Shane Prince for his first career goal! # S e n s
#Thank You Shoprite for not having collard green  af
Thanks for hanging out with me yall, such great friends you are!! So glad you are all home!!
Being ignored has to be one of my favorite things ever
My favorite thing in the world ... 3 on 3 hockey.
It's a great feeling never having money
Gonna be tough to replace Semin  #Bud Holloway
besides not knowing what the helll I've done to lose all my friends and the guy I was talking to, it's been a damn good break
What a shift by Suter though...
Possible Thanksgiving Day Conversation Topic: politics. Trust me, political conversation on holidays is always civil.
How courageous of Katsambabis to give up highly vulnerable No.4 spot for a 19% Liberal held seat. A new kind of political warrior.
I love it when my laptop crashes and deletes all 700 words on my assignment
Yeah look how well we're playing without Ennis.
So excited to work 10 to 6pm tomorrow # no thanks giving food
*talking about my temper with my sister Sis- "Oh no miss, you're a peach.." # s i k e
First my papaw. Now my aunt...my day just keeps getting better and better
Something I love: battling a toddler about dinner.
This day is gonna be so much fun
Let the family fun times begin... # k m n
Just took me 2 hours to write 210 words. Essay is going well so far
I get to do another Holter monitor...yay... #My Heart Is Stupid # h ol term on it or #Premature Ventricular Contractions
What a great play call by Tom Crean!
Bucharest groundhop in May looks good with Electroaparataj vs Metaloglobus 2 looking like a cracker
LOVE that there are five people that live in our house but only three of us actually do shit around here. # lazy
My early night went to plan.................
Today was my first day at Boone grove and I got lost for two hours! BG is huge!!
Omg I got lost today at Boone grove! This school is huge!
Can't wait to get done working at 11 so I can drive 7 hours back to minny in the middle of the night # exhausted
Me: "Please move this out of the walkway" Entitled Patron: "Oh, what it must feel like to be in a position of power" # library life
4 days off. I will spend exactly 1 day relaxing. Woo for a break
Thank God pops came to US despite his origin / religion, back when Freedom of Religion was a thing. #Syrian Refugees # t h a n s k s giving
Yay, phone on mute, miss a call from a recruiter.
just hate it when one of the locals buys you a tequila because its dead and I'm bored....
It hurts when you say that I ain't won, you haterrs...how do I gain ur favor? I need to know cause I caree  ...Jay z cold
Hope everyone has a swell time tonight for drunksgiving.. I'll be thinking of you all while I'm at work having the time of my life.
Love a good sly dig after not talking
When your shit at speling # not really
I'm gonna be a great girlfriend/wife because of that
Locked outside my house & sitting outside getting drizzled on. Pretty good Wednesday if you ask me.
Obama pardoned a white turkey. #All Lives Matter
I can't wait to blow my paycheck on things I'd RATHER be grateful for this weekend. # thanks giving # give thanks # black f rid a y
Oh look it's almost "I am going to pretend I am going to do more this year" time. Oh so excited.
Champions league looked fucking exciting tonight  #Champions League
Sterling misses a sitter from 5 yards directly infront of the goal. Would never of thought he'd do something like that. #UCL
First nap in over a year and it's between half 8 and half 10 at night. Fan-bloody-tastic.
I got 99 problems. You're 98 of them....
I say even I could lead #Man U better than #Van Gaal w/ those millions spent and I'm a FINN! # irony
I bet my husband is going to be so excited to pull the Christmas tree out for me this weekend  - it is sooo heavy! But pretty!
The guys who came up with the name of the new 007 fragrance must have worked bloody hard on that title.  #James Bond
This is already such a great break! Lol
Thanks to Tony's boss for finally giving him an early shift for a euro home game. It was worth waiting for # u t i d
Buzzing for my 3rd 14 hour day in a row
Thanks mom behind me at the dojang for letting your toddler watch Dora the Explorer at top volume for a solid hour # no thanks # f u
# football absolutely stunned Man Utd have drawn 0 0 never saw that coming
Awwwwww, look a there. My middle finger likes you!
Delph might win it for city ....
Going back and forth between can't wait to finish working & missing that I no longer have to work holidays. # love my family
I wish an article would be written giving tips from competitive eaters on how to eat more on thanksgiving.that'd be really original
#Man Utd Vs #PSV has been dead good....... # Y a w n # T em p o #UCL #Champions League
Robbie Savage is a fabulous commentator. He's a fountain of knowledge and an expert on every footballing position
Oh, yes, that Thanksgiving videos is SOOOO ADVANCED! and the questions SO DIFFICULT ¬¬
What's tonight's # rivalry night ...The Panthers vs the sharks? That's a pretty heated rivalry that's been boiling over for decades.
Oh wow, Numbers won't open CSV or *.number files anymore... # i love computers
Thanks for the travel day, #UNT. You really care about your students' safety on highways today
When you call a business to request info, be as nasty as you can to the person who answers. It's highly motivating. # bad work tip
I just looovvvvveeeee waiting in doctors offices.  #Yes Im Fine
Obama has time to have a press conference about turkeys?! Way to waste your time!!!!!!!!
It's officially tourist season in nyc. Fantastic! I'm excited
If I could get one or two more emails from Amazon or eBay re: Black Friday that'd be great. Need to know more about those deals.
Dont you think it's hilarious as fuck when someone Hacks someone else's Facebook and writes the most immature shit in the world?
Happy Thanksgiving I`m thankful that i get 60% off a bunch of crap i don`t need in exchange for my heritage land and clean water .
Kid says I shouldn't have any trouble finding my char's voice, cuz I can use my own 'Mom yelly voice'. # writer # pa renting
Hello to another beautiful day of overflow
eating w/ extended family on Fri so I'm going to get Thurs food tonight. I've got MAD long range planning skills  #1st World Problems
WOW! I feel so much safer now that the #POTUS has told me to go about my normal business on # thanks giving #what Ajoke #USA
#Things I Love I just love when the light turns green and at that very second the person behind you beeps their horn. # A musing
I just love dealing with other people's crap when the working day is over and they've gone home instead of dealing with it.
So that everyone can spend time with their families, we will be OPEN until 9 tonight and reopen at 8am Friday.
Song in # Q do b a "your love is like freezer burn." # profound
You watch Arrow? Wow you must know /everything/ about Green Arrow! You true nerd!
Hey Sorry for not replying ^-^ I didn't want to! # S a r c a s t i c
Wow we saw a lot of digangana today.  #Bigg Boss9
Getting a filling. This might be my favorite thing in the whole world
Nothing I'd rather be doing on Thanksgiving break than studying for 3 tests and doing three projects due next week
Me: I met your nightmare! Friend:What? Me:I mean " B at man " # B at man
A listener on 850 picked the Jaguars to beat the Chargers because Blake Bortles' wife is hot. Hard-hitting analysis by that dude.
# Dogs aren't so good with .
Jed Lowrie sure sounds thrilled to be back in Oakland...  #No Defense #Please Flip Him
How can we be a tollerant society when v even cant tolerate some intolerance? # too much bullshit
honestly the best part of winter is trying to park and getting ur car stuck and u can literally feel ur car sinking into the abyss
Thanks iCal for reminding me it's #Thanksgiving Day tomorrow. Almost forgot!  #LOL
I just told a phone robot that I wanted to speak to a person and it understood me. There is a god!
Well I feel better now you guys. # leadership #Obama Speech
Nothing better than a fresh 18-19 yr ild to vote and ruin elections
When #Social Media Tells I Look Fair !! Then #Real Media Takes a Dare !!
Thanks TDOT for fixing potholes on busiest travel day of year
Oh hey Urgent Care. So nice to see you again. # not
# a k 47 on #NYPD in # pen n station . I feel # safer already. # threaten in g # ridiculous # terrorists
cramer yest was so sure that today and tomorrow & holiday runup is a given! investing is so easy . $SPX $NDX
Can't wait for this years round of Racist Things My Family Says At Thanksgiving Dinner # kill me
#PPACA : thank you for increasing the paperwork and burden on businesses; these forms are all great fun.
The kindness and generosity of people on the road today is just mind blowing.
I just love being talked down to. Such a turn on # f c k off
It's almost discount on slaves Friday! #This Friday Matters
Best leading lady role ever right? Not only a 3rd wheel to Gelo-Ligaya, but also to David and his new gf who's a bitch. Bravo.
Depression is a giggle isn't it?
I love how my family lets me sleep. Sure you can run the sweeper and not let me sleep.
'No police cuts' says Mr Osborne. I think the phrase you were after is 'No MORE police cuts', Mr. O.....Excellent. # spending review
Working with a broke hand is so much fun.
I'm sure today won't be the least bit crazy at work
In two days I'm going to be eating a whole bunch of food I hate because it's a tradition. Yay!! #Thanksgiving With Black Families # l ol
It's exciting to hear that the # s t l cards might be willing to give a 35 year old a 3 or 4 year contract # Z o b r ist
I could get lost in the cultural appropriation ht. Liking the  a lot
I do love it when the kids use big words incorrectly. Or even small words. It makes life so much more entertaining.
Hmm wonder what that person meant on # in stag ram # great as or great as in # brilliant # oh man # Is lamp hob i a getting worse ;'(
Don't worry. Donald Trump will save us from terrorism since he can "feel it" coming?
Loans to replace grants for student nurses ? That'll encourage recruitment # nurse training # nurses #NHS
Just being educated is not enough to understand
Cody and Deb talking college football is amazing. They should be on ESPN next to Lee Corso.
Having a brilliant day at work doing graphs! I fuckin' love graphs! They give me the graphs-horn!
My responsibility level is soo high
Yay for the 5am wake up  #Team No Sleep
I do love it when coworkers annoy the crap out of me early in the work day.....
~Dreams of terrorist attacks- that's how I like to start my day. ~.
Am I the only guy who is disapointed with # l a l u p r a s a d y a d a v son not becoming the CM of Bihar. Chalo DCM hi sahi. #Lalu Beta Raj
Society says women are whores. guess I better get started....
important educational issues: dress code violations and kids not getting to class on time/cutting class.
I'm sure that when we reduce carbon emissions #ISIS will just disappear.
The staff in Dunnes stores really love their job. They are such a pleasant crowd.
Aamir Khan's FUNERAL conducted by Shiv Sena was only a MOCK exercise. Where's the intolerance? Still can't see. # epic fail
But hey, I've got nothing better to do than fixing that damn thing anyways
My favorite thing ever is when my "friend" has been hooking up with a girl I use to care about a lot.
Great to see balance in SCMP story on political split being bad for HK. Had both Team CronY CY and Team CronY Lexus Leung # f u c y
Not sure if anyone else is doing anything for Black Friday. I've seen little about it.
# Face book is down god help us all
Losing my battle with my first winter head cold...losing my voice too...5am, wide wake...today should be fun.
So FFA have essentially put out a statement asking ppl to stop making death threats to RW, on White Ribbion Day. Well done guys.
think Im going to finally post pics of the deadpool variant covers I’ve picked up over the last month. due to public demand an all
I am not liking bieber songs
Oh I do love being in charge....Pah!  #whydo Ibother
domdyer70: RT Lepista: .CA_TimB domdyer70 Yay!! Tim Bonner for SomersetWT VP!!
How to get a girl in 3 steps Step 1: Be an asshole Step 2: Cheat on her Step 3: Be abusive...
No it's cool I would rather be doing drugs than hang out with me too -.- # brain dead # too fabulous for this
another shooting tonight at #4th Precinct Shut Down? I blame Black Lives Matter, everyone knows by bringin up racism you create racism
8 mins late... In the pouring rain... No worries southern # cheers
You always know how to make me feel oh so great.
Someone stabbing the air with something sharp 7ft from me, and then cops coming in and arresting said person=great start to break?
Oh! I forgot, you called me for your work. # S miles
it´s 7.15am, i´ll be back home in 12 hours. neat
My very favorite thing is when my roommates invite people over without giving me ANY WARNING  #Get Me Out Of Here
Militants attack army camp. Army camp to surrender to show that the country in tolerant to attacks! # fake news
Wow. Trickerion's going to be late AGAIN? There goes my whole Trickerion-themed Thanksgiving I spent all month planning. Jeez!
Oh snaps! Lea Michele is still alive! Didn't see that coming #Scream Queens # hash tag
Gotta thank my genetics and my hormones (: !!!
Y'all think Kobe can bring the # L a k e r s back? They're only down by 21.
Dealing with basic classmates with their basic fave is so tiring and stupid
Thank you Will Barton for the 2.6 points tonight. You have helped a lot. # d f s money team
Good to see Notre Dame's second string getting a top 10 ranking! # s o o n e r s a r e p r e t e n d e r s
But he feared for his life though  #Laquan Mc Donald
So time to do new things: objective today: get help, psychological help.
Today was a damn bundle of joy. # screw this
So glad we have the lakers as our last chance of stopping the Warriors from making history!
Dribble, dribble, then shoot. Great offense. Great defense. # L a k e r s #Fire Byron Scott
Working on a lesson for Sunday, I typed: "I have Siri; why do I need God?" Maybe I'm figuring out this  thing.
and the lack of item description that is intentional i love it it makes me want to go to the wiki to know what it does
Donald Trum p p romises to change Pi to a much sim p ler "3". Ben Carson agrees. # p 2 #Unite Blue # c t l
WOOHOO! I get to spend time with family all Thanksgiving break! I'm so excited and not at all depressed  *gasp*
"She's lost the will to live." The most significant feminist moment of 2005. #Revenge Of The Sith
So glad I got up at 2:30AM to watch this game.......
Gotta love those overly helpful types who set out to make customers days better. # job hunting # graduate jobs # graphic design
Can always count on a 21 y/o. . # or is it # always winning
As a fan, I love my team being lectured by a former coach turned television color commentator.
I have the most dysfunctional family ever wow what a blessing
Good to see Roy Williams hasn't lost his sense of fashion # k state #EMAW # Family
After Aamir khan's comment.. We Indians are showing lots of tolerance on social media  #I Stand With Aamir Khan
Ah the stomach flu, it's the little things that make you feel alive.... :(
Relearning the definition of winter clothes has been so much fun!  #On All The Levels
The 3 month growth spurt snuck up on me & is kicking my ass. So glad it timed with traveling to Florida tomorrow # mom problems # mom
I love it when blake gets the ball and everyone else just stops and stares..veryy effiecient....
A2) Write a number at the top of their paper with an encouraging comment like "good job". ;) # h a l l c och at
Strange that 'prophet' is the same in Hewbrew and Arabic # r e l i g i o u s n e s s
...Family Channel Christmas Movies.... I must say the cast of Santa Paws really gets into character # wooden
So sad to hear # p a c h a n y c is closing. What would I do without all the sweaty dudes and "music" interlaced with truck horns.
Can't wait to drive home in traffic in about 20 minutes.
I think my favorite part about break might be my a&p homework, calculus homework, and 4 page paper
So glad that my attempted detour to avoid traffic and construction took me right back to my work place 20 minutes later.
Watching The Wild Bunch leaves me astonished at how cruel film crews used to be to animals #Scorpion Lives Matter
thanks for fucking pissing me off to the point where i wanna punch a fucking hole through thick fucking glass bitch
The kid who's been paid to shovel my driveway is really coming thru for me so far this winter.
My favorite place to go right before Thanksgiving is the grocery store. # i hate it
Work work work. Fun fun fun.  #ireallydolovemyjobthough
Another late night correcting the mistakes of others. It is so # A we some I cannot begin to tell you. The # un account able thrive!
My day is not complete unless I hear Adel's Hello song at least 1000 times... # overplayed # n o m o r e p l z
Oklahoma loses to bad Texas. Notre Dame loses to #1 Clemson. OU in, ND out. Makes sense...  #Go Irish
I cannot decide whether  is the way I am or a defense mechanism
"CPF has served us well... sort of" says Manuel Ramirez. Very Convincing Mr. Ramirez.  #Flor Fall15
I always knew I liked this committee.  #Homer A F Tweets
I'm so glad hip hop exists cuz without the rapper or DJ telling me 37 times in 3 minutes "this is the remix" I'd be very confused.
Can't wait for everybody's food pictures Thursday # not
I'm an old man magnet at the gym, at least they think I'm hot... # does great for my esteem
Thx for inviting me to ur bonfire friend :---))))
60 degrees in late November, but if you believe in climate change you're an ignorant liberal pussy? Okay. Good point.
Dear Harrisburg. Thanks for the road work tonight. # traffic
holly n kyle arguing entertains me so much and i love how good of an actress holly is # calm do on
Only if Johnny Manziel would have beat his woman instead he'd still be playing.  ladies
C: So my # neighbor decided it would be a good idea to # vacuum the house now... It's in the middle of the night. #loveyour neighbor
Pumped to be at the rink the entire break
I'm gonna be stunned.... No that's not enough. I'm gonna be blown away if the Ravens don't win out now. #Jimmy Clausen # p s y c h #NFL
OH MY GOSH IM SO HAPPY FOR THIS SNOW! THIS MEANS EVERYONES GOING TO FORGET HOW TO DRIVE AND ITS GOING TO BE FREEZING COLD AND YAS
# Eagles # super bowl Funny thing is it could happen but more than likely won't #Fun To Dream but it still could....
Yay! My 3rd mouth ulcer in as many weeks
Slithering into the bottom 4 of L1 is probably the biggest achievement in our history #Dunn Logic #Cant Fault The Effort # o a f c
Was that a snowflake I see? Let's all drive 20 mph just to be safe!
10 hour car rides are great...
Making Ferguson and Shankly look like Steve Kean, this lad # o a f c
But let's stay positive because the new stadium nearly ready to open........... #YCFC
After today I dare them to call me in tomorrow # i want chat o
My internet is so slow and doesn't work half of the time... Thanks Comcast your great # don t recommend
If work could be any more crazy today that would be GREAT.
Good thing there's an abundance of high end QB's coming out of college next yr # B r owns # cant find 1 anyway
Traffic has been terrible today. Can't wait to see tomorrow.
I shouldn't care much but I do. Getting shut out and staring at somebody's back is a great time...
Oh yes, being pregnant means I get to experience the wonders of heartburn.
hey +60 DOW pts on a "near war" turkey vs Russia. can u imagine how up we would be if there war declared? . $DJIA
Shout out to the TWO of you who bought my comic last week. I ain't hatin, I'm just saying. I'm a HERO, man!
Guys! Justin Bieber followed me on Twitter! My life is complete now.
Awesome..... another thing to worry about....
Meanwhile I have a cornea ulcer.... Isn't that cool? What you got?
Ugh got a bad diaper rash at daycare. If US had better # parental leave policy I might be home and rash-free right now. Thanks US!
Favorite pastime: being at the doctors office and the receptionist calling out "Hope Acne!" instead of pronouncing it correctly.
falls out of my mouth, just like # stupid falls from yours.
Listening to the original after listening to a # night core version is just # di sap pointing - # get scared
Great start to my day ...
Crazy fact : before the invention of the firearm, there was no war or murder.
rob is so nice & sweet to me
R. Kelly finna feed the streets with 40 more Trapped in the Closets!!!!!!
All hail my great and fair country!!! # Italy
It's a lot like buses....absolutely nothing then 2 turn up at the same time. Really exciting!!!!
Can't wait for the Christmas holidays! Oh wait, I'll have to work every day. # student life
Last teaching hours are dooooooooooooonnnne! Now I can spend time with my first love, writing. # been a slice # grad problems
Day two of a monster headache. But work. Ugh. Yesterday was a blast. This should be fun.
Omg jack grealish went out and partied like a normal 20 year old, what a terrible person! # daily mail # a v f c
This some tough talk by # O b am a .
It's amazing how many drivers skilled with # Night vision whilst driving without lights we have on our streets
I love when you take a pic of something and tweet it and then it doesn't actually post for over 12 hours. # wt f
White supremacists shot 5 ppl at a peaceful protest;think some of u r right,we should keep out the Syrian refugees,for their safety
Dang that wasn't even close. I mean, what?!?!
I see all this construction and it makes me sad... perhaps they'll pave over the entire planet someday. # progress
And I have a test omg my life is the best
Would I like to have the tire patched for free? Or drop $245 on 2 new tires. Hmmmm. Tough decision right before Christmas
This trend #I Stand With Aamir Khan is like I want Rahul Gandhi as PM ...
For sure # Americans going to have Turkey in this #Thanks Giving, it sounds that # Russian will have # Turkey as well. # Kurd is tan #LOL
Weep with those who weep… Unless, of course, they don’t agree with your particular strain of Theology.
Love it when someone's bag pretty much knocks me off the train when I'm trying to get on
Sarah is our writ prof for next semester..."For your next assignment, you'll be attending an authors festival in Halifax" LIKE BRUH
No school today so it's minecraft day! Minecraft games, toys, videos, music. Yay!
V will comment criticise and malign his image Bcause he said India is becoming intolerant. We r tolerant. # A am i r # India # tolerance .
Complaint filed against Aamir Khan for intolerant comments. I'm sure it's got nothing to do with him being a Muslim.  #Aamir Khan
A lot of people here today
Other than having to dodge everyone else, made it to work okay. Why do you buy an SUV if you won't use it properly? # ye g traffic
Well #I Stand With Aamir Khan because he is tolerant enough to give loose statements; people who are reacting are Intolerant
People talking about World War III? Mental. It's ok though because there's been 36 CoD games since the last WW. ppl are prepared
#Aamir Khan is definitely worlds greatest actor who believes in method acting as he always stays in character! # In tolerance
Twitter poll feature is really good ? # R e c u r s ion
Derek Carr is not the answer at quarterback for Oakland. He had a bad game Sunday, so they need to bench him.
Inappropriate to dress in blackface, but appropriate to send your kid to school dressed as a Native American for a class party.
Dutch fall is so lovely. # whole day rain
Wanna know what helps a supply glut? Telling people not to travel...
Corporate profits down -1.6%....FED need stop lift off now before things get out of control!!!
The fact that I'm actually having to go to school today is making me feel SO thankful and really getting me into the holiday spirit
Fell off my bed attempting to turn off my alarm. Today's gonna be a good one
The word "Intolerance" is being used in India, like the word "Physical" being used in BiggBoss9. #Too Much Repition For No Reason
And Turkey's contribution to world peace is to shoot down a Russian military aircraft. They know how to keep it calm don't they
Maybe Carl Icahn should try and convince Tim Cook to buy Xerox? It's a no-brainer!  $XRX $AAPL
Waking up thinking I'm going to have this fabulous hair then BOOM ... Afro ugliness # Great
Wow. My thesis is making me so deep.
Looks up Marc de Mori. Can fit is Wikipedia in a tweet there's that much information
Walking to Rite Aid at 5am to get allergy medicine because you have broken out in extreme hives is my favorite # not # t h i s s u c k s
I think one thing we can all appreciate is that we've been a lot safer since Osama Bin Laden was killed.
I don't know why are we giving reactions & importance to a stupid statement # sick of communal politics we should make # r a mm and i r laws
Health & Safety conference today. God I rock!
Teacher I think the addmaths paper too easy can you next time give more challenge?
GWS had pick 10,34,42,52,54,57,62 & 63 and so far have actually picked 7,13 & 16 seems completely fair  #A F L Draft
My updates would make more sense if there was a font for  ..
Actually kinda looking forward for this 14 hour shift # Meeting
You know I'd like to hear the opinions of those "Steam VN haters" now that Clannad is outselling most titles on Steam ;D
We need a society that stands up for what they believe in. Unless you disagree with me. In that case, sit down and shut up.
You got alot of room to talk
Wow, I bet nobody expected this live bidding to be such riveting television! #A F L Draft
Rick Astley is playing at the Sage on 31st March 2016...That's made my Tuesday morning!  #80s Throw Back
Sadly #Aamir Khan has no awards to return # respect lost
I just found out they're remaking #Fast And Furious , with surfing and skydiving instead of cars. They're calling it #Point Break
Everytimeeee Someone Says The Word "Barely" With Plenty Of Emphasis..... I Just Craaack Up!!!
Sssssslllloooooooowwwww internet connection. Thank you, Globe!
Being told I'm a nobody is such a good feeling
Don't you love when your site gets hacked? # web design # word press
We work.. You go through hell. You work.. We go through hell. Yay! Awesome.
Can't wait to get everyone's snaps of thanksgiving dinner with their family while I'm at work... # miss my family
# Follow me if you like any of the following: # a t h e i s m # b o o b s # science # equality # weed #Back To The Future # dinosaurs # grammar
I just love Spring/Summer with all it's heat, flies, bees/Wasps, spiders, cockroaches, ants and mosquitoes. Best seasons ever.
That was a HOF officiating performance #MNF
Sleep. Tonight's dreams are going to be sooooo much fun
Terrific clock management and wonderful officiating tonight #B U Fvs N E
Headset malfunction on Foxboro? Nah! That never happens!
That seems like a catch to me, but with the nfl that seems hardest to figure out.
I feel so broken, I treat my boyfriend with such love and care and he has the nerve to say I am mean...
I am just shocked Shocked! that the # Bills encountered headset problems while trying to tie the game in the 4th quarter.
Uncanny that communication towards the QB got fucked up in Gillette Stadium
Headset problems in Foxboro? No way. That never happens.
FOX removed Fantastic Four 2 from their release schedule. Biggest shock of 2015.
#Watch E S P N is terrible tonight. It's ok, I didn't want to watch #MNF anyway.
is good for health. But one should know where to use it.
Fantastic Four 2 is now officially cancelled. Bummer.
Why would you ever throw ball to Watkins # Bills
Here's an idea # Bills , bring in all of your big guys. The # Pat riots will do the same. Then run the ball into the mess.
Are you kidding me?? 3rd and inches and you run outside? Another gem from Greg Roman #Caught Em Off Guard
No rush guys. Only down two scores with 10 minutes to play. # bills
Yesterday I drove by a salter truck and had those chunks spray my car. I thought "I've really missed this." # winter # not ready
Some people have no other option but to come high to work...
Some really great and original play calling tonight by # bills oc Roman!
Probably gonna fail two classes this semester but THANK GOD we got all this shipment out
Im shocked Amandola is hurt he is always so healthy. # i should known better
And the 2nd half is where the drones the Patriots use to compile info on the opposition begins to kick in. # Bills #Bitter Bills Fan
Enter: Love Triangle. Super. Just what I love to see in tv shows. # Blind spot
Don't you just LOVE it when you smack yourself with your headphones taking them off or putting them on?
#Siege Day Great job on making sure we can get good quality audio from the teamspeak... # had one job
Trying to sleep whilst hearing a continuation of thudding noises is exactly what I want out of life. # Music # Students # Loud # Sleep
So I take it #RAW was good?...
Boiling my water because of the damn water main break here in Hoboken. Life couldn't get any worse. #FML #Third World Problems
Woe is me: my day job wants to take me to paid happy hour twice in one 3-day work week. SHOOT. # happy hour
That won't be a controversial call whatsoever #Pats Bills
Haha, that's cool. I love it when the # L e a f s lose to Boston twice in 3 days...
Just imagine how happy you'll be if you saw me and zoha l o l
Gonna be a fun day at work tomorrow
So Rex Ryan steps in front of a ref and helps to stop a patriots touchdown... But the patriots probably did something to cheat
The Patriots never gotten lucky before so if they lose they have all the right to complain about that play, which they will
I feel terrible for the poor, aggrieved fans of Pats Sox Nation. # cant catch a break
I have never seen a ref help up the QB until now, absolutely shocked it's Tom Brady
So pretty much the refs just robbed the Patriots of a TD... cool
Maybe.. if you keep complaining about the commercials.. networks will hear you, stop caring about $, and stop airing ads!
Ok Great. Now let's start trolling # A am i r Khan. How dare he felt unsafe in India. Uski itni himmat. Lets dig up some Pak links also.
If Steven Adams' family has like 5 moms & 18 kids, I hope fans are making polygamy jokes!  #O K Cat U T A
Jerami Grant missed a wide open 3? No way he always makes those
Oh, Nick Carter can dance boy band moves to a Backstreet Boys song? He's come so far this season...  #D W T S Finale
A baby crawling contest is exactly how I want to be entertained between quarters when I go to an NBA game.
Don't you love it when contractors perform surprise electrical work and rip holes in your kitchen walls while you are at work?!
Hurray! More building on parklands. #SAHMRI2 # sap a r l i # A del aide
What's the big deal with Simmons at LSU? Dean Wade went for 14 & 13..
Walter's parents are a riot. # S c or pi on
# the voice # voice top 11 #Amy Vachal well guess her fate hinges on the fans love for taylor swift songs... great
# the voice # voice top 11 #Amy Vachal welp, she at the mercy of the fans now, thanks adam,
RT bcuban: .zigmanfreud tells respected writer he only has job because he's “part black” but Ziggy is NOT racist.  …
Guys should really keep using the term "bih", it makes you sound super respectful and literate.
Drunk people on transit are the best.
No, Kevin Love is NOT elite.
I guess it's better to be ignored than being told no!
Now here comes the PMH!!! Pre-menstrual headache!
I love my job I love my job I love my job I love my job I love my job Repeat 1000000x #Self Motivation
Throwing ladders to people who aren't on the same level as me.
Sooooo...Reigns takes a kick from Rusev and a brogue kick from Sheamus and he gets up like nothing happened? Works for me.  #RAW
Roman vs Sheamus at TLC. Wow I didn't see that coming # Raw
Roman gets his rematch at #TLC in a TLC match. Who would have seen THAT coming?!? #RAW
Ray Lewis picked the bills, so shocking.....
Don't you just love step monsters.
At the Target Center for Sixers-Wolves and the atmosphere is INCREDIBLE!!
PSA: My daughter has decided to change her name it Lillian. As I'm sure this isn't a stage, please act accordingly.
Yay! Authority promos are back! #RAW
"Eukaryote Biolab" Clever name. I wonder what inspired it. # Limit less
#Donald Trump arrived in Columbus today, just in time to make it great again!  #Go Bucks
You know what I love? Getting a bad block on my SSD, but # W in 10 doesn't tell me anymore info....
I really wish Adele had her own channel so I could hear her new single over and over. Anyone know what channel she is on?
It's great to see unbiased reporting on MNF # ray le w is # patriots # just saying # e s p n
Glad someone told me how much smoke cooking a steak in a cast iron skillet would create.
Wow, great crowd in Miami. Good fans.
Obviously  missing from last tweets - family time ahead - thanks for hanging with me this season - cya mañana on #TMDNASCAR
Haha so it's like 2am and I'm probably the only person up so yay # where are # my # idiot friends #Cant Sleep But Hungry # somebody talk to me
Good thing # m u b b fans didn't overreact too much after that Iowa game.
Back to Edinburgh tomorrow....today.....can you feel the excitement....
I remember making fun of our favorites was pretty awesome, now I even get offended with myself.
Wow got in alpha and noticed Panda DKs!!! # Sp oil e r # War craft
If you're going to say something stupid, you can expect a sarcastic response. Like what else are you expecting?  #Gets Me In Trouble...
Hey I've got an idea #Buckeye Nation Let's fire Urban Meyer. He can't coach a lick. We deserve better than 48-4! # go bucks # be att sun
Oh how I love being second
Goddang candles. Don't they know this is a lightbulb country???
BREAKING: #ISIS tells supporters to be careful not to anger Infidels. #Mocking Obama # t c o t #Wake Up America #LOL
Yes drunk man I actually enjoy the way you stare at me ..... # septa
TTC fair hike - awesome. # not awesome #TTC
Steve Tolleson is back in the fold. # Orioles # Champion ship
So now I am so incredibly looking forward to Thanksgiving
Bouta get my culture vulture on right quick and do some Yoga. Sorry for being the whitie I am. 0/
WOW flipping through Grand Rapids radio stations, I came across 95.7 saying "all of today's hits - without the rap." Stay classy
Well isn't that just kick you in the crotch, spit on your neck fantastic......... #DE100 #TMA01 # Results
$SIRG just another reason to be # thankful this week # not fun
Everything I do I do for the laughs , don't take me so seriously... # everything # cynical # laughs #Why So Serious
Nothing makes you feel better about an outfit choice than having your 5yo ask if you're going to have another baby. # thanks son
#1in5 Muslims will not be part of the Christmas gift exchange and party at work. # Hal al # ha ram
guess who's getting a tube jammed down her throat next weekend?? This gal!!!!! I'm so excited!!!!!!!
i like to shut up rather than talk back and still get told to shut up # o k # s h u t d f up
Proper gutted I'm missing the Palace/Sunderland game!
Love how when you go through drvie thru, and tell someone "Thank you!" They look right through you, and walk away.
I've used "33" instead of an e, you see what i did there?  now r0ast in hell ayyyyyy
Wow... it just keeps getting better...
It's a full house in CSD today # c s d 1080 go
#Black Friday Wonderful i am so glad UK and Ireland have taken part in this
is the best way of communicating.
Why don't they just change it to Black Thursday?! Who cares about Thanksgiving!! Right??? # s m h
Being sick right after I worked the weekend. # ya y # feel b l ah
Instead of making potatoes with cheese for a late lunch, I accidentally made cheese with a little potato. How frustrating.
The quilt museum curator lady had me pegged from the beginning: "I can tell y'all are just thrilled to be here..."
Indians are the probably the most sensitive at detecting
Best day in my life! -_-
Funny how EVERYONE is trying to clear their to-do list today. Sure, let me jump right on that. I didn't have anything going on.
Anachronistic threats are not real, for they are out of time, and time is a face on the water.
So Sam and Jason have berating people over their loved ones dead body in common. How Sexy! # J a sons would n t do that
Chris Mortensen said that Manning will not start next week. He is always right # mor t lies
Neil confessed. Now, he can share a cell with Victor.  #YR The "centers" of the show don't pay for their crimes.
On previous tweet: I must say I'm SHOCKED that Kevin Wright would use the "spoiled, rich kids" line as a motivator.
Are car transmissions supposed to not work? Asking for a friend who is me who bought a new car less than a month ago.
Third bloody nose for the day complete. Oh, Winter Dry Air, how I have missed you.
I said I'd sleep hours ago... That happened!
For once I felt like I'm the owner of the hospital. Hahaha..
waited for one letter that hasn't arrived but two books that I'd forgotten ordering were posted. I love our postal service # why
I use the Kreb cycle regularly in my life. Thank you biochem. Thank you.
Happy Monday everyone. This week I'm gonna have so much fun in setting up lights and materials for my 3D project
Fall in government tax receipts? It's not like they've cut corporation tax, left massive loop holes and failed to tackle evasion!
I am so excited for all the Indians big moves and signings. I might buy 10 of those 6 game packages they are hocking on radio
Retweet one more pic of a girl half dressed/in her underwear please, I love it. It's great.
I understand why people ship Jessica x Kilgrave. Such a cute ship, the victim and the obsessed stalker blackmailing rapist. Aaw ♡ ( )
Want to absolutely Hate or Love yourself for the next 30 minutes. Trade $KBIO  Seriously, it's NOT worth it.
Eating disorder perks- losing all sensation in your freezing hands and feet because you have shitty circulation!
When ur Boot Camp Instructor is a Friend on Facebook..it's probably not a good idea 2 post Fried Halibut & Homemade Fries pics lol
Trufant's per game averages went up to a dreadful 2 catches per game allowed and 24 yards. # G a r b age
Guys. Remember last year when our offense sucked while HD was out. That must be the answer!! Get HD back.
Kicking Thanksgiving break with the boys annual eye examination thanks to T1D
I request आमिर खान to go to any tolerant country in the world if he or his wife wishes asap as this country is very intolerant.
Really excited for this 17 hour drive back to MN this afternoon!!
I've seen lots of "fans" wanting to fire coaches but no one calling for Curt Apsey? Maybe HE is the problem.
Am not bad, am just mad.
Frustrating and tiring day #RTI #HMRC issues # love my job
I love reading through Council Resolutions. # not bored
They make dua for Martyrdom, but are too scared to use the word 'J' ...  󾌳󾌳
Going on a health kick right before Thanksgiving....smooth timing Zara...really smooth.
How am I, a child living in India gonna benefit from the knowledge of wheat cultivation in the United States!!!
I left for work this morning at 7am. I have returned home 3.5 hours later. Hurray for commuting
Oh how I love technology! # not always fun # only useful when it works
I think I should keep a stash of cheap headphones to give away when I use the trains. So many people don't seem to know about them.
Please, sign me up to work there.
Can't you ever speak without ? Mirza Ghalib's wife to Ghalib
Did not sleep well last night and then had to be up at 4:30 this morning for work. Today is going to be a fun day! # so tired
At the doctor gonna get a EEG done. #Fun Times #Not Really
I love when friends you've had for years suddenly don't care about you.
My boss still uses printed out calendar to track of Out of Office time for our team. I'm glad that's not builtin to Outlook.  #SMH
When there's a 30 minute presentation and the guy decides to literally read it from a paper 100% of the time. # fun
System update at work seems to be going well
Vegan I apparently synonymous with gluten-free and organic. Who knew!? # v e g an #Ijustdonteatanimalthings
Fun comp weekend. Next stop KC!! Undefeated, first place!! # by default
It's Monday and I get to work 12 hours, isn't that the best!
Loving the way we can go help France fight #ISIS but sanction, cut and tax our own people into debt, poverty and homelessness!
Love sitting in a freezing cold office
Nothing is better than Sociology first period on a Monday....
How to build better metal strength. Do jumping Jacks 20 times without breathing.. # body building # weight loss # fitness # weight lifting
Oh look, the Super-Wonderful Bullies are back! Beat up that chained up villain that you beat outta cage. Such heroes!
Harshad says to Manik,"We are friends! Buddies! Remember?" Manik-"Yeah! We're friends! Best of buddies!"
Do you know what I reeeeeeally love? People talking behind my back.
Training on my day off Oh yay
I love 4:30am wake up calls...they are the best. # way to early
Waking up not being able to breathe out of my nose is such an awesome feeling.
Cheers Map my run for recording 3.82 miles of a 7 mile run! #Jobs A Good Un
Whoever redesigned the TN State Dept of Health website did a really hack job on any links. It's great when you're looking for info.
The two HPs report earnings tomorrow. First time since breakup. $HPQ and $HPE. Meg Whitman-Carly Fiorina 2020 presidential ticket?
"Corruption will not be tolerated," Tejaswi Yadav said. I say, how # In tolerant is he? only
# q a nd a It re a lly is kind of sc a ry when #s a tire, # irony a nd a ll ring so incredibly true of the politic a l st a te of #Austr a li a !
When someone moves your used napkin from the trash to the recycle bin because that's how recycling works and you're the dumb one
Another Monday morning in paradise.Oh joy........ # b u en os morning # happy mon day # ox y mor on
No snow day today :( Gonna fail all three quizzes today, nice!  But even if I don't have snow day I only need to go to school twice
"If we just kill all the #Bad Guys, then we'll have # peace ." Yeah, that's definitely borne out by # history .
Everything about everything is stupid. Really, really dumb. Oh, and not fair. And yep, I'm just really pissed off. #Thanks A Lot G Man
Oh what a shame, a certain colleague who was horrible to everyone has left whilst I was away. Gutted.
It is too cold this morning can't wait for the practical session with David Digby # cold weather
Sent teen girl off to school telling her to spread her joy and cheer everywhere today
Fun part about being sick: Sleeping during the day and being wide awake at night.  This girl is not amused.
# T rump 2016 because the best way to fight terrorists is to become terrorists ourselves, right? for you idiots out there.
After the great start I've had today things can surely only get better having to spend the morning in the company of his parents. .
pissed that no celebrities replied to my tweets, as if they have anything better to do...? smh # still sad t h o # bye se le n a
Yeah, let's have an argument about THAT on the way home frome bar after midnight. Great way to win my affection back.
Good morning world, quick workout then school run then off to work, yaaaay #Happy Monday
Thanks for asking me how I feel in all this and thanks for all the "support"  (rl thing)
oh yay, # insomnia and # anxiety are visiting tonight
I love it when people say "It could be worse". It instantly solves all my problems and makes me happy again!
when youre expected to apologize but, youre not wrong. its best to feign remorse with thickly laid on  right? thats my plan
Does kimchi taste better in Korea? Does maple syrup taste better in Canada? BUT Does stinky tofu taste better in # Taiwan ? Answer:YES
One of my characters just said "Besides, the stick up Layla's ass seems to be using her as a puppet"...I amuse myself... #Na No Wri Mo
Feelin extra cared about tonight. # goodnight world
I just love being awake after Joey's fallen asleep
(Because so many sukekiyo fans are following me, right)
I've literally texted no one today so I think I'm gonna be a loner 4 lyfe # hate my life
Love them Bungals in primetime! # be n gals # n f l
No way! A Marv Lewis coached team making mistakes at critical junctures of a game? That's impossible.  #Bad Teams Do Bad Things
Officials did a great job to allow correct team to win the game? Only took 11 weeks.
Bengals lost a primetime game?! No way! # shocker
Good lip singing for the second part of your performance Justin lol # in case you didn t know
OMG!!!! ONE DIRECTION WON AN AMA!!!!! WHAT AN AWESOME SURPRISE!!!  #A M As
You got TLC in 3 weeks, you're going to headline it with Sheamus vs Reigns... That'll get fans real excited! # w we
#A M As The Weeknd - Macklemore - Sam Hunt - Coldplay, thanks amas, everyone I don't listen to,
Oh wow, Bieber is wearing just the most adorable mini-dress under that awful sweater of his!
Because the best way to make sure you wake up for your early workout is to put off going to bed...
I am SHOCKED by how # survivor series ended # reasons i hate w we # too p red i able #youmissedglennsaliveforthatshit
Lad, your beard looks stupid. Eh, and congrats on ruining the best moment of Reigns  #Survivor Series
WWE has had failing ratings so they make Sheamus their champion, because that's obviously the solution to higher ratings. # garbage
A Sheamus vs Roman Reigns is must see TV. Can't wait for # Raw tomorrow # w we # terrible
Sheamus as WWE champ will help ratings  #Survivor Series
oh damn this is gonna help ratings! the mega superstar sheamus is the new world heavyweight champion! #Eye Roll # B l ah #W W E Sucks
Our defense is so good this game
So our next prime time opponent is Arizona, at least they can't play well in prime time either!
Wow Roman Reigns won? I can't believe it Lmao #Survivor Series
Wow...I'm so shocked Roman Reigns is the WWE Champion #W W E Title # Sur vivo r
SO glad the Watch from Beginning button on the #W W E Network dropped me right into the finals of the #W W E Title tournament. # s p o i l e r s
Fernando's mom and Carolina together will be a huge party #90 day fiance
Aww that's nice..kids sucking face at the end of their performance. Not going to name names #A M As
Well this night just gets better
Wow these refs are on their game tonight # bad calls both ways # c a n u c k s # devils
Omg the AMA is on I never knew why didn't anyone tell me I had no idea
Oh scumbag is hurt. How unfortunate for him.
WOW I AM SO SHOCKED THAT DEAN AND ROMAN ARE THE FINAL TWO BELT CONTENDERS HOW UNEXPECTED #WWE #I Didnt Even Watch And I Knew # boring
Way to go, Spencer. Seriously, dude, great play. # dead buzz
Absolutely no one saw that coming.  #The Walking Dead
I love how the announce team went silent when Charlotte hit Bow Down to the Queen. #Survivor Series # Shock cast #GDYC
Gonna be a long week. Daytime job plus a whole lot of rehearsal time. We're getting ready to open. I can't wait for tech week # show
I love not hearing from my bf for hours it's great
I am SO happy my neighbours are as sexually active as they are
i think it's so cute when girls hookup with other people's boyfriends. like aw # proud of you
#The Hunting Ground might not be trending, but at least the #A M As and #RHOA are.
Wow Nicki your life sounds so hard I'm so sad for you..... #A M As
Wow shocker she beats both Cole and Drake
Ryback really puttin in the work there  #Survivor Series
Ah yes, Adelaide. Home of the most polite taxi drivers, with impeccable customer service and excellently maintained vehicles. # u be r
FANTASTIC night for bad Palmer to come back
what this is so shocking,no way would i expect the finals to be reigns v ambrose. #Survivor Series
# Jesus was a # refugee . #no refugee s #Christians Against God
#W W Etitle no one saw that coming
Did you know the word "vegan" is magical? Mention you're vegan and…*POOF!*…suddenly everyone's a nutrition expert!  #Vegan Problems
Ambrose vs Reigns? Wow that's a shocker
Ambrose vs Reigns?!? Shut the front door! # w we # survivor series
ambrose vs reigns for the title, nobody saw that coming #Survivor Series
Well we didn't see this coming
Wow didn't see Roman vs Dean for the finals... #Survivor Series # w we
"Oh I'm so good. I slide and shoot people with a shotgun." Yeah. So fucking great! The best! Here's a cookie # B l a c k o p s 3
Wait.. Del Rio lost? Didn't see that coming.
Well, at least Reigns has got this Atlanta crowd on his side.  #Survivor Series
Jeff Gordon is retired, and Roman Reigns is in the title match tonight. Great Sunday..... # n as car #Survivor Series
OMG. Roman won? I did NOT see that coming.  #WWE #Survivor Series
(Gus) in the land of the WWE, ring psychology is all but non-existent. I can't wait to hear all about his damaged shoulder later
Man listen to that HUGE pop when Reigns wins!  #Survivor Series
Whaaaaa????!!! #60 minutes You mean guys with GUNS acting quickly stop bad guys with guns? Impossible!
Class cancelled. Good thing I had 2 classes giving presentations, a test, and a test review planned. # teacher problems # T hail and
Had Rawls on the bench, thanks for the update, Yahoo, telling me Lynch was out.
The Ascension looking really, really strong...  #Survivor Series
Hope things are going okay with Teddy Bridgewater and his girlfriend.
I'm sure gonna miss hearing that Viking horn # go pack go #G Bvs M I N
Studying for macro all night is gonna be so much fun!  If u couldn't tell
Great offensive line play in this one.
Delayed train. Paper jams in the printer. Having to reset system passwords. My Monday morning has been awesome so far
Hey where's my 90-minute pregame show?? I wanna watch guys talk about what to expect in a game that hasn't started yet over NASCAR!
I like how politicians tell us to go about our lives to fight terrorism...while they all have armed security, 24/7.
Grocery shopping for myself is so much fun!
# Packers special teams leaving lots to be desired again - glad McCarthy brought in another quality coach
I don't need to hear all about the labor...just show me the baby. #LOL # funny #too funny
2 TD's and two 2pt conv e r s ions is all we need. Keep the faith #49 e r s
My favorite thing is when bitches say they down but they really aint, try to say BDP but they really cantz they just a taint  #BDP
Actual parody. that's how you do et.
Holiday madness kicks off this week. Count on Americans to shop and dine their way to holiness.
Aaand the fuckbois have invaded quake live. #Only A Matter Of Time Yay getting kicked from a match over bullshit.
WHAT, the refs finally decided to make a call against the Packers?! # miracles # v i kings #M Nvs G B #Border Battle
Twin vs. Affinity. Modern is such a fun format. # g p p i t t s b u r g h # g p pit t # tears #Why God Why
ZOMG NO FLAG?!?!?! SCREW THESE ANTI-PACKER REFS!!!!!  #G Bvs M I N #NFL
You're single? I'm so surprised. Why aren't people lining up to hear you refer to them as thirsty niggas/bitches on social media
Omg the West is so good in the NBA, seriously why does the East even exist?  #RTZ
Rodgers looked really excited after that touchdown. Must be something in his personal life.
Wife chew my ass earlier. Said I should be watching more, tweeting less. She's right. #1st Time Ever  ??? #Go Hawks
Vikes just got another penalty. It's halftime. How's that possible ?
Man the refs really ran a great route and threw a laser.  #Vikings Fans
So I guess Rodgers doesn't play with emotion
Good thing since I missed the sunset snapchat stories were there for me
That was interference, but if you were covering Jeff Janus, wouldn't YOU interfere too?  #G Bvs M I N
'What time was your flight?' - the question on everyone's mind for Katie Healy to answer great job #Ray Darcy Show
The #48 caught cheating?!?? What?!?!  #Ford Eco Boost400 #NASCAR
Weird. A delayed handoff on first down. We hardly do that.  #G Bv M I N
Owen Hargreaves co-commentary on the MLS is about as good as his Man City career # that means shit
#George Bush & #Tony Blair conveniently disappeared off the face off the earth !!!!!
Hooray, a day of trying to explain to people why my aunt thinks I'm a boy. So much fun.
I love that my job is so wonderful about me calling out sick as I lay here under 4 blankets freezing # i hate my job
Injured o-line is the excuse now for rodgers, yeah because Brady's o-line is brick wall right now
Can't wait for this week to drag again after the weekend going in a flash
I just fucking love being sick
Its really funny how someone so openly racist could be contesting the white house. Lucky America.
What was that WR the Chiefs had last year?? #82 ??
Everything is fine, Packers fans are spoiled.
I think you should all thank Rodgers for #LFC win yesterday. It was his team after all.
Thank god for all the pictures of the sky cuz i would have never seen it
wow, surprised to see that offense works way better with Rivers throwing the ball than without him throwing the ball...
Feeling alone even when I'm surrounded by people I like is honestly the best feeling ever.
Kanye's clothing line will make you look homeless AND BE homeless... GOD DAMN GENIUS
Wow what a close game for Cam and his 5 passing TDs
INCONCEIVABLE that they are finally going to start it. Wow.
Cassel had 3 INTs vs Giants, 97 total yds vs SEA & lost to the Bucs! THE BUCS! CLEARLY the better option over Weeden! #NFL # Cow boys
Bed at 9:30. Can't wait for tomorrow
Is there any possible way to get more flags thrown in the NFL?
I can't wait for that 7 hour layover in Denver.
with the state of # p hill y sports I have to say I am Thankful for the theater # Eagles # F l y e r s # S i x e r s # Phillies #curseof Billy Penn
Can't wait for Chip's post game presser about how the way to fix this # D u m p s t e r fire is to just execute better... # Eagles
Well at least we only have 4 days think about this loss!!! #Lions Up Next #Happy Thanksgiving Everybody
Cam is on the sideline dancing and cutting up. Let me write an editorial to the Charlotte Observer. God forbid he have any fun.
Some people are too # stupid to waste my on them!
So, how many Falcons fans are gonna blame Kyle Shanahan for this L?
Did you know Jeff Gordon was retiring after this race? I know crazy, right?  #NASCAR
5 touchdowns, 0 interceptions, and most thankfully 0 dances from Cam.  #Non Story #Keep Pounding #Super Cam
Hey look, john Fox makes a bad play call at a critical moment in the game... Never saw that before.  #D E Nvs C H I
Look at the bright side # Dolphins fans, The safety streak is over.
One of the remaining five contestants will be our #X Factor winner. I'm relieved because for a moment I was confused
That field goal was just the spark we needed.  #WTF #beginningtohatefootballsundays
Wait.... is Jeff Gordon retiring? # kidding #NASCAR
Anyone know if Olly Murs has a new single out?  #X Factor
Bryant took 4 steps in the end zone and then dropped the ball. Isn't that an incompletion?  #NFL
Winston has 5 TDs too....... #MVP
Aqib Talib involved in a scuffle??? No...no way...not him...  #D E Nvs C H I
To top it all off, Yahoo Fantasy didn’t even keep my lineup changes, Cam’s career day isn’t helping me any! Yay!
My tweets have been pretty much 50% indirects today. I really love life and how people love me. .
A pick thrown by Cutler. Who saw that coming? Everyone! Lol  #Broncos Country
I'm glad the # B r owns didn't draft Carr, he would probably suck.
At least it's NFL's top offensive team. This was to be expected. Tampa is known for putting up these numbers # Eagles # Eagles Nation
I really picked a great week to play against Cam Newton in fantasy
Wait for it wait for it someone's going to mention that it's recorded on Saturday # Shock # Strictly come dancing
You think we move down the power rankings a bit?
Calvin has 701 receptions... Lot of victories it's produced!
Isn't it a penalty for knocking the ball out like that?
Oh man I can't wait to go to the Dolphins jets game next week.
What about those old Japanese internment camps, can't we just send the #Syrian Refugees there?
Every salespersons favorite three words: "I'm just looking."
I was debating starting Patrick DiMarco in fantasy today. #Darn It
Shout out to know-it-alls. Y'all make the whole world great.
Snitches are my favorite kind of people... Lol
Got to love it when the huge amount of money the various parts of government get is wasted on tech as opposed to the human element.
Wow.. Oh my goodness.. He actually threw it deep
This just in...the Eagles are good!
80 vehicles trying to get through passport control and only 2 lanes open. Well done the France!
Cowboys are the type of team to have a woman beater, a thug, and down right idiots on the team…definitely America's Team
Freeman and Forsett done in the first quarter. Awesome.  #Fantasy Football
Hey! That TD dance was offensive!
Helton subtext: You all were given your scripts, everyone keep to the script. And nobody wreck, Jeff.
This shootout in Detroit so much back and forth
Good to see the # Bears showed up to play today.
I love it when everything returns as working properly, but nothing actually worked.
What's more likely tomorrow in Brussels: break your leg on slippery pavements due to frost or be attacked by a gunman?
This account may contain traces of .
Just another perfect 30 degree day... # obviously #cantwaitfor F L
Why aren't Pet Shop Boys and Morrissey my only 'problems' in life any more?
*Note to self* people actually have to know you before using on Twitter... # Aw k ward
My god is Harry Kane so shit. I remember when he went (almost) 2 months without scoring. Overrated tosspot.
Really enjoyed the 10 minutes where Hunger Games turned into a horror film. # i hate scary movies
The blame needs to start at the top, but of course the own e r s hip is perfect and hasn't made a single mistake... #49 e r s
Who's excited to watch our #Miami Dolphins today. WOO HOO!
The Yegges are always on top of things.
Ok so the line and around Starbucks tells me people need cargiver more than the Holy Spirit lol  – at Starbucks
yay going to a baby shower....
If Alabama, Clemson, and Okla loses, we are looking at a UNC, ND, Florida, Iowa/Mich St final 4. Ratings Bonanza there
Saudi Arabia encourages more women to work in retail and childcare. What fantastic opportunities!  #UWMG20GDD
Did somethings happen to DSP? Did the Habs recall someone? I might have missed something
It would have been heartwarming if our samajwadi leader would have celebrated his birthday along with draught hit farmers. it's not
Uttar Pradesh draught hit and Saifai Mahotsav hit... gives us inspiration to smile even in rough times!
Sachhi me UP ke ache din aagye.. here the leader of Samajwaad celebrates an extravagant birthday every year!!!
Well, what a way to start the morning.  #My Stomach Hurts
That Jack Kennedy isn't very good is he
Genetically altered food! Seems like a Great idea!
So happy that I worked all weekend
I've decided - next season instead of spending hours working on weather forecasts for #NASCAR I'll just tweet every weather app
Nope. Still can't go on Tumblr. I'm so happy the rest of the world has time to binge and gif 13 episodes of a TV show.
I love waking up early on the weekend and not being able to fall back asleep!  #guess Illbeproductive
VERY glad I took time to have a cup of coffee this morning. # need top e e # old lady problems # it t y bit t y b ladder
More dropped points for the sheepies. No doubt sunbed Del will start having some questions asked about him now.
Already putting out best of list..a month left. Smh. How y'all know the hunger games part ii is not going to be best book of 2015
PT  (not about the humiliation part, but the public service part.)
So by the end of the year I should be able to go to my local church to watch Star Wars. Or maybe that's not how it works.
Ready to get this day done & over with. Holidays in retail are So fun.
Is there need to add the hashtag  to my previous tweets? Knowing this fandom someone could think I was being serious
I can't wait to see what birthday surprise you have in mind for me add maths. I look forward to it.
Breaking News #Wonky E D coming back?wants to save the # Labour party .So it's #Bring Back E D Folks we miss him
If i feel im in a competition with another lady, i dont mind being a loser. I dont mind losing my-once-upon-a-time-best-half
greaaaat way to start off my morning
People who curse/swear at their places of work are such high level professionals, that I find their company so reverential # i d i o t s
right when Sica does a q& a i cant post comments.. THANK YOU IG. THANK YOU REALLY  overflows
Time to kill myself with studying...yay
Unusual for # b b c to have an ultra right winger on to defend austerity # b b c sp
Ladies who flirt with serious guys by being patronizing, you are totally doing it right
Oh how times do change...  #Turn Coat
Yeah, I get why you pay for that 'expensive car' with a 9 year loan and then for RM12 parking. Style is really important!
Neat finish for Memphis. Bet Hazard couldn't do that.
You destroyed my life and I want it back and because of you I am having to fight battles on the daily alone so # thanks
I better remember names..esp. when sumone says "Hi, ur Chad right, the Elders Coord at WFN?" & in my head I'm like "Who are u?" lol
Im gonna get a cold.great.just great
All the heteronormativity displayed on the field today was greatness <----
~ no longer the lowest form of wit, now good for the brain. How what you think is bad, is actually good. Life, amazing.
You know those days where you work past midnight and then have to work 7 hours later? Yeah- I love those days
"That's a self-inflicted mistake." Good commentary, ESPN dude.
I love how my straight friends think it's perfectly fine to use homophobic slurs like f**, f*****, d***, c***** m******, etc.
Why yes neighbour, now would be a perfect time to play loud obnoxious music. # still marking
Thank god for my house having crappy service
Canelo is a beast. Roach is 0 -2 in the two biggest fights of 2015. Roach is clearly trainer of the year for 2015.
# vertigo & # t a c h y car di a attack. Called 911. In #ER # fun ...woot ( # bitter )
It's so great when an audio book isn't split up into sections and the volume sucks so it takes forever for Goldwave to do anything.
Having nothing to do on a Saturday night is fantastic. I really love it. #team No Saturday Night Plans #too School4 Cool
So they actually called a penalty in 3-3 OT and it was in Detroit's favor? #Im Shocked
Well. I forgot how much I love winter driving, especially in the dark. Not stressful at all.
Oh it is always fun advertising #Pain In The Butt
I wanna thank my sister for getting me sick
I'm so glad the Sooners are the clear best team in the country
What a huge win for ND... Amazing win over a tough tough BC squad...
It'll be a weekend of nervousness in Sydney. Just what every Ford fan needs. #V8SC
SO MUCH SESSY TIMES IN THIS SHOW #Jessica Jones my sensibilities are affronted *rage faints*
Can't wait to see the new standings this week.  #C F B Playoff
Notre Dame looked really sharp tonight in Fenway
The way they've been handling the ball tonight I'm very confident they'll get it  #Go Irish
I love cleaning up dog puke at 10:30 at night.
Mississippi State and Arkansas. Wonderful defensive struggle.
Despite a loss - # Alabama #Crimson Tide prove they are worthy of #C F B Playoff by toughing up their schedule w/ Charleston Southern
Clearly, defense is in abundance at the #M S Uvs A R K game.
I love people who think they deserve a round of applause for just doing what they're supposed to do.
How does anyone even score against these invincible SEC defenses ?
Let's hack and translate a game that is almost guaranteed to be in official translation. Won't hurt sales at all! Can't be abused!
It brings me joy knowing the fact that I pay Comcast $200 a month to watch reruns of Big Bang Theory and Modern Family.
Celebrating a victory over GA Southern. #UGA
Big win # Georgia lets get that new deal done with #Mark Richt #Go Dawgs
Another quality non-conference win for the SEC. Grit for the Dawgs to get past Georgia Southern
Stay classy Buckeyes ... Way to lose w dignity.  #Go Blue
Third man in the ring for the Rigondeaux vs Francisco is the very un-biased Kenny Bayless. # box n g
# thankful for a society so invested in equality that there's now "basic bro" as well as "basic bitch" #I Qlevels # dangerous l y low
Love how folks have hijacked the definition of "hate." smh
Glad to see Campbell recovered from getting killed in the corner.
I think that the Evil Dead needed MORE blood!  #I Loved The Evil Dead
Hello. I'm here to fight # dumb as se r y with . Nice to meet you.
Alabama held to a 7-6 stalemate in 2nd half against Charleston Southern, that's gotta cost them in polls # that show ridiculous it is
Are the refs for OSU?! I just can't tell.
Ezekiel Elliott seems like a team player #playforthenameonthefront He might have character issues # ego
I'm really impressed we are tying to establish the run game vs charlotte. Makes me feel like we are really good.
Yeah, I'm never going to get tired of "yassss". Never. Never ever.  #For Those That Couldnt Tell
Can't tell you how much I love compiling stats for football all state meeting with no QuikStats. It's awesome.
I miss those days where I had no reason to cry and throw away my phone other than my plates.. # i hate change # i m t o o y o u n g t o u n d e r s t and
3 am phone calls... "hey are you asleep????"...."no i'm skydiving"... # could bet h o #FOLLOME # true
I'm glad to spend my Saturday be alone I love it so much :"^)
At a club. Guy across the room is creepy staring at me. Oddly not an effective flirt in g technique. # flirt in g 101 # odd
So I haven't used my Twitter in like a year an got back on to see that I was hacked! Sorry for the bad post! # just great
Anyone else think the problem was not enough running with JT? Damn.  but still #Go Bucks
What's your favorite # hash tag mine is # winning maybe # ft w or possibly
What a great performance from LSU
I donate then my cc comes up missing. Such great karma in my life.
So does Connor Cook start next week?  #M S Uvs O S U
Browns, Bengals and Buckeyes sure have done Ohio football proud these past seven days.
"It's really weird getting used to being respect ed by men." "Yeah, what is that about?" # f e m i n i s m # respect # l ol # s t and a r d s
Great play calling all game Ohio State..
(somewhat) Thank you #O S U Buckeyes for saving me thousands of dollars. No need to scalp #C F B Playoff tix and hotels this year
That was a terrific game plan by Urban Meyer.....
Good thing Michigan State won't be motivated to beat Penn State by 30.
Another fine officiated game in the Big 10 in Madison, so glad officiating never decides a game!
First ranked opponent. Loss. Big surprise from the buckeyes. # strength of schedule
I love having to work harder because you're crap
Hate that we r gonna lose against ole piss but hey we r a basketball school anyway #LSU # bearded life
put Braxton in at qb since no one else can pass #O S U Buckeyes
Nothing puts me in the Xmas spirit, like troubleshooting non-working tree lights.
I did really well at being productive today
Yay!! 5 MORE FIELD GOALS AND WE GOT THIS!!
Complete confidence this offense can drive the ball 98 yards to take the lead.
Kylie and Tyga are back together. The world is back in order.
Classy! VU Athletics sends Spirit of Gold Band SR members off with a toast...using sparkling grape juice from Dollar Tree.
All those QB up the middle plays was to set up the TD pass.  #O S Uvs M S U
Wow. # Buck eyes play calling is the most innovative I've ever seen.
I haven't been outside yet, is it snowing? # thank you everyone
If Ohio State beats Mich St, I assume they will be number 1 since they played in the rain based on the committee's criteria
Man them SEC teams looked great today against them FBS teams today
NYCHA is really doing a fine job of denying black people for apartments..... ...
Charone Peake dropping a completely catchable ball? No way. # S hocking
The SEC is unstoppable! Like being in the NFL!  #The Citadel #Florida Atlantic
Running game working so why not pass the ball. #USC
South Carolina and Florida done the SEC proud today....
I've always heard UNI was a basketball powerhouse
Cheers to all who pointed out some acts are pre-records. Shame I now have to waste 8 characters after most tweets typing ' ' # x factor
Alabama in a real battle with Charleston Southern. 26-0 end of 1st. #S E Cdominance
Wow do I love the refs # the ys homers
Really sad to see North Carolina lose!
Wow what a great PAT by the #1 team in America right now.
ESPN don't worry about anything that is happening on the field!
Lots of girls gyrating in not much clothing on the #X Factor Qudos for sending the right message to young girls
No call against Ohio State......SHOCKING....  #B1G
Mark Mangino has no class whatsoever, trolling the Iowa State football team that your son coaches on. Real stand up guy!
So plans tonight got cancelled yay
Driving in snow is the best. Who would ever want a sunny day and warm weather. Lolz!
In light of ESPN's criticism of Big 12 non-conf schedule I am glad Ala b am a has such a tough opponent today. #C F B Playoff # b am a
Connor Cook is really just being a wimp. This is why he's not a captain. # Narrative
I love my Spanish partner and I'm so glad she translated 3 sentences! She even gave me $0 to help pay for it! She's the best!
Wow Florida beating that powerhouse Florida Atlantic team in overtime, that should move them up in playoff poll. #SECBIAS # eye test
When you feel like you don't belong, that's a great feeling.
Since when did #The Hunger Games turn into # resident evil ? # movies # video games # S c if i # horror #Mockingjay Part2
SInce # G a t o r s make big plays in tight moments, it's easy to see how UF could knock off FSU and Bama and get into CFP.
The #SEC tho you guys. Soooo good.
How on earth did the refs allow Michigan to score?  #U Mvs P S U #Go Blue
This is why you go for the TD at the 1 yard line. Another epic coaching job today
So what's Nebraska's record!?  #IOWA #HAWKEYES #eleven Andohh
"ISIS isn't Islam" New Fatwa From Sheikh Husein Obama, from Sahih Democracy, Page 420. #Islamic State # B a q i ya h
Breaking News: The media keeps beating a dead horse! No horse's were actually harmed.
Peter bottom of the leaderboard? Oh that's such a terrible shame # strictly
Treating Trudeau like a celebrity rather than the Prime Minister is bound to do wonders for our generation's political ideals
What? #Iowa State is getting outplayed/out coached in the 2nd half? Didn't see that coming.  #Cycl O N Enation
Iowa's on track for another résumé enhancing win against 2-8 Purdue. They should be ranked 2 or 3 after this week for sure.
Well that was a great sequence of plays #M I C Hvs P S U
Florida looks great today. Every program should be scared
South Carolina and Florida struggling vs FCS opponents!!! Yeah the SEC is supper deep!!!  #S E C Bias
I turn into such a bitch when I'm angry I love it
What will FB do?? Zuck is taking TWO months off. How can he do this?
What's solid in this world. I'm sorry I couldn't be that person for you. They wouldn't let me. it was too strong .. lol ..
I'm so excited for the whole lot of nothing I'll be doing today
#The Chase Les, please do your Mavis impression
YaY my bus home stinks of rotten fish!  #Work Journey
Citadel moving down the field again. Guess we got a big head with that huge lead!
Gleb really is just repugnant, isn't he? # strictly come dancing # that face
But hey, at least #Penn State gets 15 extra practices and that makes all the difference in the world.
Just another fun filled #Penn State football game
Calvin Lowry had an NFL career, so there's hope for you DeAndre.
Didn't comp hotels, just stuck them all with the information at 1 am. Baggage closed, rental cars closed. #Customer Service
Glad # Pe l i cans biggest win of the year was barely noticed.
So Russian ladies won cup of Russia great.. Good for you
Are they in Blackpool? Think they would have mentioned it # s c d # Strictly
Who knew that Hood could run the ball well?
If #M C F Cv L F C ends like this, i think shitty wants to be like arsenal
100 followers, day 2 of active twitter usage, feelin like a mothaeffin boss!
The graphics are awesome in # mine craft #M S F T Camp21
Iowa really pouring it on another quality opponent today. 20-10 half against 2-8 Purdue. So good on both sides of the ball
Just been sorting bit of fish at the van # fish pie mix its turned proper Baltic out there. Working in the cold from now on. Yippee!
Congrats to Chelsea - moving up from 16th to 15th! Great effort.
Sure hands by Jake Rudock ... for a gain of three.
Snapchat is being pretty vague...is it snowing outside or nah?
Good thing my job doesn't require math skills my mom will be here in TWO dark times # math # oh boy
Cant wait to see Neymar donning the famous United Shirt next year #MUFC
Waiting in this car dealership is the highlight of my weekend so far.
working on "how to m o n e t i z e your dorkiness in 3 easy steps" ebook # m o n e t i z e # do r k hack # grow t hack # buzz word bin go # no engagement
Time for a cut and then a good day of cleaning... # Y a y
He put his work in early and already proved he was the best player, doesn't have to play anymore # L s u
This could be a big upset for the gamecocks. If they can somehow pull this off. Ready for new everything!  #Lame Cocks
How beautiful those goal reactions from cities all over the world are.........  #El Classcio Off
Looks like the bye week paid off  #P S Uvs U M
I can't get rid of # windows # virus named # m cafe e to install # f secure , proper virus scanner.
El clasico was good! Now is time to watch a real game Liverpool vs. Man city
Wow, #ESPN really captured the emotion of the opening of Beamer's final home game.  #Thanks Frank
Picking up right where we left off, great place call
Defense totally did it's job on that possession!
and it's snowing :| hooray i sure do love winter
Bad terms is always good to end on
Auto emojis like # red cup could totally mess up my vibe. Did that just to see if there's an auto emoji for
I did not expect Corso to pick OSU.  #Sparty O N
I had the craziest support system last night it was so amazing I want to thank everyone who came out to see me perform
am I that transparent? I want you, I need you, oh baby oh baby # f a v movie
Wedding this afternoon. Joy! # marriage # not for me
# s t f c mind you Fleetwood Town are a cracking side at this level especially at home .
When I think of great dangers in this world, I think of weather! # climate
Imagine, temperatures falling into the 20s during winter, snow and freezing rain, scary. # climate
I mean, while we're at it, can we also make all Muslims wear little cloth badges of a star & moon?  #SNARK #SNARKASM
Wait i have to do exercises to lose weight ?! What is this madness!! # sup rise
If we were just satisfied with all we had, we would've starve to death in our filth but at least we would be happy # so deep
Pleased for Vardy, couldn't happen to a nicer bloke
Really tired from work l last night collapsed on the floor just slept there and somehow made it to my bed. # fun night
Max Talbot is very comparable to Frank Vatrano so the call up makes sense. Takes lots of shots, has offensive upside. .
Only 48 more hours until my work week is over!
Why is everyone just so freaking happy today?
being evacuated is fun!  can this nightmare end already? i'm done feeling scared.
Wisdom tooth pain & cramps are perfect
Not sure I'll be able to make it into work on Monday with all this snow # pointless warnings
Wow. The Orlando MCO airport is unspeakably hyped! I've moved 6.9 inches in line in the past 69 min! Light speed!  #You Aint Hyped
|| Love it when people spoil the ending of a movie or a character when you haven't even seen it.
Wake up, turn on tv, game day shitting on iowa. Nooooo wayyyy.  #Go Hawks #Iowa Vs Everybody
got only 4 hours of sleep last night and has a stomachache. I'm living the dream.
Yeah screaming children is just how I like to start my weekend morning # work
I dreamed that my dad asked if I'm dating anyone which is awesome 'cause it's TOTALLY the next thing I want him to criticize me for
well, now is Sheldon... # Sea son 9 #Big Bang Theory
Well this is an interesting day.
we have amazing windows at home!!! they are all closed and the curtains are moving with the wind outside
Waking up to people running all over the house is just how I wanted my Saturday to go...
Nice play today. Good pace, forward passes, lots of options. Who knew a faster tempo was a good thing?!
Napped like a half hour and now I'm fresh as a daisy  why do I never sleep anymore
My cousin is so humble, I wanna punch him
So glad they picked AM. That hero is fun, and useful.
Looking forward to setting up the #Boy Scouts # Christmas tree lot...in 45 degree weather...in the rain.
I love being told I don't have a valid opinion about something simply because I haven't lived in the shoes of those I'm observing.
This is gonna be fun to watch #MUFC
100% chance of snow this afternoon. Can't contain my excitement. # Snow #Winter Is Coming
My left shoelace keeps getting untied. I should find some deep meaning to this trivial event. # life is great # really # just kidding
No Facebook, watsapp or viber working in Bangladesh, working professionals are finding it tough to pass d whole day ;-)
I think the hardest thing rn is trying to follow every single Actor/Actress and every single Bands/singers I like... # Hard
I'm so inspired by the ABSTRACT repeated pictures of furniture on top's INSTAGRAM
Well that was a fun run
My favorite is when I have a ton of shit to do and Oscar stays up all night screaming so I can't do any of it.
Simon & Levi were 12 & 14 yrs old when they single handedly wiped out the kingdom of Sh'chem. Yeah, that could happen.
I don’t think I can deny it since the Coca Cola ad was on telly last night. My “favourite” time of year is closing in. Whoo.
Those who cheat on they spouses, must be hard keeping both hearts intact. That's hardwork. # s m h
Thanks for those kind words dad. They were greatly appreciated because that's definitely what I wanted to hear. you're the best!
Ok Hika, I call you "talented frog" from now! # yes
My childhood home is being renovated and it feels all kind of weird, so naturally I can't sleep. What a delightful morning!
In bed by midnight, dry cereal, water and ginger ale. What a party. # Friday night
Just saw a profile in my neighbours' Facebook account. "Sim* Meow P*til" Me: Is Meow her dad's name?
20 minutes until 2am and you still have your 7 year old kids in a bar............ parents of the year award!
Pither second last, Canto last...well, those experiments worked out REALLY well... # v 8 s c
I like how you can post & comment on other shit but can't message me back!
It would be this insane new concept called: compromise. # a me r i can politics
They're like the hero is a White woman cuz feminism & love interest is a Black dude cuz racial diversity. Original.  #Jessica Jones
My dream is to date a guy named after a snake. # kidding
Work on a Saturday, never felt any better. .
I run entirely on # C a f f eine and inappropriate thoughts
Maybe if i post pictures half naked ill have a boyfriend too
I thought, hmm sounds familiar. Oh yea, like the stars of David that Hitler made the Jews wear. Solid source of inspiration, Trump.
Maybe #Air Force should go to a passing attack. It seems to be working well for them. #A Fvs B S U  #CFB #College Football
Yeah, seeing a cheating Guy's private is what I want to see on my Instagram feed
Perks of working in retail: you get to miss thanksgiving with your family.
You mean I CAN'T get Song of the South on Disney Movies Anywhere? I have to go to a garage sale in a white neighborhood in MS?
Enthralled by all this local TV coverage of the first snow of the season.
For those who don't know me well enough: that RT of TIME is .
If you're short and fat and u dont wanna chnge. Then embrace it jela Takyah la kecoh when people say it. Pujian kot.
PERFECT FUCKING SONG TO BE LISTENING TO RIGHT NOW!!!!  #Jesses Girl #The Irony
Football should win by 21+ tomorrow...the next game is going to cause major stress though. So happy to be in this situation again
Really glad we get to see this incredible referee crew call millions of fouls tonight. # let em play #U Kvs W S U
I think my dog understand cleaning my room.... Just as much as I do....... ...
I get to tape 5 rifles this week!! Perks of being captain!!!
No, really, it's fun sitting at a restaurant waiting on a group that's over 15 minutes late. It's a freaking blast.
I see the thunder has figured things out.
Huh. Can't seem to hear any cymbals on the radio coverage of the # B ask et bucks . #All Stars
"Let me see if I can get some Foucault in there to liven things up." # ant hr o polo g y
Finally out of there. Not allowed to talk for a few days, ton of medicine. Life's good.
HOW WILL I SURVIVE THIS FOUR WAY? OMG! My title reign is in SERIOUS danger!  There's always a way.
I love when you're working on a big project & you need the Internet & then it just stops working forever # p is sed
Shout-out to Ashland for disabling my email account #You Guys Are Great
Its been SUCH a fantastic week. I got a speeding ticket, got accused of cheating on a quiz, and got broken up with.
Two things, one...the Isles have cut it to a 3-2 game. Travis Hamonic scores. Haven't heard that name in a long time.
Treason, adultry, and murder are okay but do not cross the line with a possible "abortion" s c ene. # s c and al
Looks like UK's scheduled a tough one after playing Duke
Nothing like a barricaded suspect to start off the holidays. # t is the season # police # stupidity # job security
Yeah mom I'd scream as loud as you can while im trying to drive too that's not ineffective or fucking dumb at all you're the best
It's snowing in # Chicago . It did the same thing last winter too. Imagine that. THIS IS INCREDIBLE!
So glad it will be yet another race in freezing temperatures. # f r e e z e y o u r g i z z a r d
Yep this week has been lovely
Awesome thanks Sportsnet again for putting Romanuk on as the play by play commentator. # said no one ever #kadriwaitnobozaknosundin
# Braves final season at Turner Field is really going to be a memorable one.
Yay for being jobless! It's so awesome! #I'mmiserable
Beautiful day outside... better coop myself up indoors! # am writing #Friday Feeling
P35 for Danica. I can not say what I want to in a 160 character tweet so I'll leave it at this. Awesome.
73 TSA employees on terror watch list. I feel so much safer now that the Syrian refugees will be vetted by the Feds.
Boy this night is just getting started
My heart goes out to all the underprivileged, maligned, and downtrodden University of Rochester students.
We're living in a world full of people with short attention spans. ... Wait...was that statement too long for you? # smart ass # quote
Well.....my friend got stuck in the toilet today and I laughed alot.
Well I guess I'm doing homework all night cuz I totally don't have to work tomorrow and go to bed early.
As week ends, still waiting on my # claim # estimating software to write an estimate on its own. Apparently, skilled human needed.
Anybody else get a Snapchat of a radio playing "Da Turty Point Buck"? Yeah me neither...
Missed x-tra points never come back to haunt you # Arrowhead
Wow. Wisconsin is shooting the ball really well right now.
A hour in & I'm already behind. YAYAYAYAYAY #Not Really
So pumped for this 5-7 hour bus ride on an empty stomach
I think I'm gonna leave work early---- my 1/4 mile drive home is going to be awful. #Snow Mageddon # i a w x
Hooray for religious freedom! Unless it's not my religion, then you can go fuck yourself, terrorist!
Yes, you randomly messaging me on messenger app and asking, "Can we be friends?" so makes me wanna confirm that
Paper cuts are the weapons of terrorists. Stop the madness! # paper cuts hurt #Dunder Mifflen
Thank you to Ke$ha for reminding me that I'm gonna die young #Comforting Thoughts
If you have a leak call a plumber If your car breaks down call the AA If you desperately need a goal call Kike # b or olive
Orlando traffic is the best ever! # hell on earth # or l and o traffic
Which is the emoji ... Not sure how I've gotten by not knowing but really feel I ought to!! # which one is it
Having someone constantly look over your shoulder is so much fun. yay!
, I put that shit on Everything!
just write the specifications for my final project for training.perfekt friday evening  #Friday Feeling #Project Management
Woman gives birth at Birmingham Wal-Mart. Pro-choice dems angry Wal-Mart doesn't offer abortion services.
I'm so excited to work on a Friday night
Life just keeps getting better and better!
yeah … i'd really want to live on mars. or for my kids to live on mars. . reason 50,768 i don't want kids.
Can this day get any better # at its finest
What does Loftin's Friday's usually consist of? 3 hours worth of phone calls to customer service Love the industry
Wonderful. Another live QPR away game on a Friday night, always gets the weekend off to a splendid start
So Jessica Jones is dark oh boy !  there's more to comics then that
Good to be with the fam. Definitely missed the bipolar weather more than anything ..
Eek! # B it coin is helping terrorist pedophile drug dealers! # red herring
If Kylie and Tyga can't make love work. What chances do we Mortals have?  #Relationship Goals
Today was great!!! I got mad all alone and I even cried in class!! I wish all days were this good!!
Tonight is just gonna be awesome # d re and in git
When is someone going to create a # f on t so I can stop being perceived as such an asshole? # daily question # design # e mail # fail
Completed bloodborne haha it was so easy... # dark souls
If you're going to criticize a religion, you better belong to the race if it's majority or else you're racist!
I MEAN SO MUCH TO HER LIKE WOW
Love when I see new stretch marks from lifting.  The only negative.
I love learning how to find perimeter and area in my college math course.......
my favorite feeling is manning a table by myself for an hour when neither of my partners show up
I am a biochemistry major because I love to be sleep deprived .....  is finals week over yet?
Seems like India is a mode of transportation for modi to travel to other countries # just kidding
Going insurance shopping today. Oh Joy!
Follows, sends BS DM, un-follows a few days later. Nice social strategy
A boy who never stood for her girl, will not be able to stand for her wife.. # poor wife # Relations hip
A9: Driving up to inlaws, because who doesn't love I-95 on the holidays! :) #Travel Skills # Rather walk
Gasoline price $1.77 a gallon! Obama and the Democrats are clearly to blame. Think of the poor gas companies, I mean "job creators"
All i want it for someone else to pay my bills and loans, is that really too much to ask for?! # a g i r l c and re am # sugar daddy
#100 happy days #Shernas Happyness is something fishy lol :P
Does Adele have a new song out?
It's nice to see these # terror ist organizations finally working together..... # Mali
There's nothing like the leader of a racing sanctioning body talking about "racing" & pulling it from endless on track experience.
This 36 degree weather makes me feel so alive and jolly. # g e r m a n y p r o b z # s p o i l e d c al i man
Refugees coming to Cornwall. That should help our unemployment numbers, and add to our always growing and prosperous community.
I love feeling my unborn daughter scratch & move all up in my ribs, like I don't need them. Feels like she's ripping them apart.
essay writing is my favorite writing..
Trump wants to give Muslims special IDs and track them… yeah it's not like Nazis did that or anything
Cant wait to see D’onofrio attack GT tomorrow with dine coverage.
My boss just bought an iPhone 6... The evil is sneaking closer to me every day
The never ending drone of that leafblower is intoxicating, please don't stop # it l l never stop # i mg on n ago mad
#Woodrow Wilson Hmmm...a White man in 1914 a racist? Who would have thought?  Has the world changed that much is a better question.
This might have been said already, but Clip didn't have JJ Reddick last night. . Doc Rivers again getting a pass. 23pt lead gone?
Egypt tightening security, Russia to build nuke plant on Mediterranean coast. No risks there.
You aren't a true Adele fan unless you've posted a screenshot of your favorite track off her new album...
Later is the best time to do anything.
Just woke up to find that the # C l i p p e r s blew last night's game. I'm so shocked. #NOT #Knew It Was Coming
I love how rudeness becomes a standard of behavior among women in Starbucks lines.
Those peaceful Muslims have took over a hotel in Mali by gunmen taking 130 hostages & killed 3. I'm shocked
$SQ and $MTCH both up 3% so far this morning. Who said tech IPOs were dead?
Yeah. I know you always keep secrets from me. Such an excellent secret keeper # fake # blind side
I've always wanted a job where I'm underappreciated and underpaid and I have that! :)
Sometimes it physically pains me to hold back my sarcastic comments # please stop talking
Forget dieting! I lost 8lbs in just 3 days thanks to Salmonella! It's the best!
Not dreading this 18 hour work day at all!!!
Don't think I've written a blog post for nearly two months now, my writing career is looking good #Uni Life
Yes, by all means drive 5 miles below the speed limit.
I can't wait for all the Facebook statuses and tweets today about it snowing outside.
Meanwhile #CID episode writers has found a new name for their episodic Criminals # I n d ran i
Have a hot date. Time to # Net f l i x And Chill with #Jessica Jones for about 12 hours. # Marv e l # t v # Net f l i x # humor # super heroes # c o m i c s
Wonde r how many # blondes have d r iven th r ough houses since the # g r een light a vet p r og r am sta r ted. # humo r # vete r ans # r and o m thoughts
Personality tests! Goodness knows, I can't get enough of robots looking at how employable I am!
Time zone hopping is fun when you have to get up early.
Thank you family for a great start to my day
Another attack of radical Christianity takes place again this morning. This time in Mali.
Watching some moronic child on tv telling a PCSO to "fuck off".......good to see respect for authority is alive & well
The US drops to 28th (from 20) in the world for gender equality. Way to stay outdated, America. # women rule
#Donald Trump should start considering a list of Muslims in Mali.  #Mali Attack
Might put myself down to work after every night out. Working with a hangover is amazing can't believe I don't do it more often
Feel crappy. Time for some Alleve-D. And being out in the cold night air should help. # makes me feel better
OH: "Are you in # Mexico ?" - "No, I faked my location and made a check-in, you know, to make you believe I'm # cool " * *
You know what's really attractive, foul mouth women. # sniff # sniff
so much affection shown for me, i can't take it.
Another week... Another attack by religious extremist. The airstrikes must be doing serious damage. # Mali #Pray For Humanity
I LOVE LOW BLOOD SUGAR WAKEUPS AT 2:30am. EVERY DIABETICS DREAM # wait no
Just paid 4 bills on my phone through apps, isnt it great that you can see your money come & go so quick without ever touching it.
Less than 20 mins until the much anticipated half time walk and talk. I can't wait! # a league #B R Iv M C Y
#Jeremy Hunt is a real man of the people and he really knows what's good for the #NHS  #Rate Caps #Junior Doctors Matter
My life is somewhere between "uska beta kitna acha hai and ek hamara beta hai " # des i # t roll
So you're favoring warrantless searches for Muslims in America. Registering them?That's not against constitutional rights at all.
Ooh new i-Tunes update. That never fails to thrill me.
Don't you just like it when you're short as hell and the people sitting in front of you in class are so ENORMOUS :)
Watchin the scene in "The Warriors" when the Lizzies try 2 get the Warriors. Shame on the Warriors. Never an excuse 2 hit a woman.
I love when my neighbors are partying past 1am on a Thursday outside my room and can hear everything they say. # pro fan i ties
I love when I come home to my apartment smelling like weed. #can'twaittograduate
What's everyone talking bout? Not even that hot # s y d ne y weather
Thanks bing for your wonderful translations. :)
Blake Griffin really is good in clutch situations isn't he....
Laughing at how comical today has been # l ol
So Rick George is no longer a candidate for # Illinois AD job. Now looking at a guy from Tennis Australia. Sounds wonderful...
If you can't feel good about yourself and your life, just belittle others, works every time.
I love not being able to fall asleep.
# high five s are # con descending You get one a year max w me. Only because it might benefit me. Only once though.
I really love it when my foot falls asleep after finishing an English essay at midnight # goals
Yeah, I muted the tv just so I could hear your stuff turned up loud. # sub t we et
When your in-laws know how to make you feel extra special.
Trump's response to a protester calling him a racist? "lol you're fat" A true wit.
Hey guys let's blast our subs in our car while people try and sleep, sounds like a good idea!...... # s t f u people #STFU
I love doing exams in 42 degree heat! # s y d ne y # summer # heat wave NO JOKE
Wow I just absolutely love staying up until Please-Kill-Me-O'Clock doing schoolwork
I'm gonna sleep. Because I need sleep. Goodnight guys♡ Love you all. I hope I won't cry tomorrow at school. #Thank You Greys Anatomy
Yeah... This is icing on top of the cake. Today has just been a grand day.
It's unfortunate isn't it we don't have you on that MRT platform to defend that tudong girl. # i n s e n s t i v e bitch
Real issues that affect everyone...  #Prev R Ts
I love it when I wash clothes for $2 and the tide capsule gets stuck between the door and the drum -.-
Cowherd is about to blow a gasket. He's scouring the Iowa MBB schedule, trying to see how he can find excuses. # Hawk eyes # rim shot
A whole week away from tav starts from now. Honestly I don't even know how I'll cope # joke # i m r e a l l y h a p s
Designers are: egotistical, territorial, lone wolves... We know. We're designing better selves, too.  #Design Plus
Whew! What's better than two field goals?? THREE!!  but let's still #Go Jags
Got "insulted" tonight all because I carded a 35 yr old for cigarettes.....ouch that really hurt! Lmao  #My Job #Grow Up
Wow the # Cow boys sure went all out with those color rush uniforms....
So glad I can protest things with hashtags while I'm cozy in bed, instead of holding signs and marching out in the cold.
Yeah, real creative with the # P ant hers #Color Rush uniforms. Alt blue uniforms with, wait for it, blue pants! # w o w #Panther Nation
Ressler believes he can protect Lizzie. Yeah because no attempts have ever been made on anyone in custody.  #The Blacklist
My boyfriend is GREAT at texting back.
I love it when my new iPhone 6s is taking forever to backup...
I love being ignored. # so over it # i need new friends
I see we have yet another riveting NFL Thursday Night game.
Values of women lang? Pano naman ang men and lgbt? Haha reverse discrimination! # a r k is e rye # but seriously # what
Gotta love having 2lbs of hw each night!!
Wonder if Avery Williamson told Orakpo not to celebrate after that sack, or if Mike Mularkey said something during the time out.
Oh boy.... We can win the south by kicking field goals... # J a g u a r s
Dnt lie/ cheat.Ure undermining 1's ability 2knw D truth no matter hw bad it is.B glad D prsn ddnt slap u W cannabis  ₩¥% is illegal
All this what's a catch rule in the NFL now maybe they should take back all the catches from back in the day then
And Mellie is bailed out once again. Thank goodness Fitz isn't holding her back anymore. # S c and al
Just like Capt. Renault in Casablanca I'm shocked, shocked I tell ya that the F l y e r s are in a low scoring game. # F l y e r s
Mellie betta werk # S c and al and Liv better be a homemaker # S c and al
Grandmother of the year award, goes to you.
What an exciting game #TNF  the Thursday night game should be a 10am sunday morning game
Brent Barry clearly isn't biased in his commentary at all
I wonder if raising the price of GPs more will cause numbers to go down... $100 entry fees anyone?
Wait -- A foul not called in favor of Rutgers late in an important game? That never happens.  #R Hoops
I can barely move my legs right now, I can't wait to see how sore they'll be tomorrow  #Leg Day
I didn't reply for a reason.. # re la table # goals
Oh no, a christian guy who wont give his virginity to you? How horrible..
What a great last day of work
I am offended by all this celebrating after every play. Why can't players demurely move on to next play already? # n f l #T E Nvs J A X
That # sweat really accentuates the new #NFL uniforms! #T E Nvs J A C # Gross
Everyone's in such a WONDERFUL mood lately!
In super sarcastic, zero you-know-whats given mode tonight. Should be highly entertaining and/or problematic. # edgy
And #ECU kicks OB on the kickoff. Quality football that.
Titans and Jags. What a fantastically riveting matchup. I've been waiting all week for this game.
Can we still call Taye Diggs black?
I love when I email a prof 2 questions and they only answer 1 Don't worry the other question was rhetorical I don't need the answer
Habs so good, they let the other team get a lead first.
To everyone who has the 0.0 on their car, you're so cool. # run chat
My father and I made homemade curtains yesterday.... They look pretty terrible # p r o f e s s i o n a l s
it's so lovely how I dress in warm clothes to go to work and than end up sweating due to bi-polar weather. # Louisiana
Food// burnt stir fry for dinner is delicious
Not going to be worth a shit tom at work, on the road home from S Dakota, maybe I should be sick tomorrow
amazing how one person can make you feel horrible in one second. Thanks to these people, they make everyones life much better  >_>
best thing about # T amp a you get wet weather it rains or not. # humidity # homebound sat u r day
Great just walked into a wall  !!! My night vision hadn't adjusted yet
Gotta love a 12 hour shift... # dead # so tired #dontknowhowthechefsdoit
My work environment is FANTASTIC!! My co-workers are the BEST!!
I just love it when people who have a problem or concern with me let others know, instead of telling me so that i can fix the issue
Fun day of manning the #Enterprise Architecture help desk.
Thanks work. I didn't want to see the sun today anyway
This is going well already # healthy eating talk
Only 700 more words I can almost taste it
This makes a great day better.... # Not
# first dates Gotta get that countdown to death app' - That looks like fun....
--> Headline 1939 of NYTIMES: US will permit German spies into the country because we must be compassionate to our enemies!
Update: we're getting moved to a new gate # awesome
With More Mexicans trending... Lets all go through twitter and see how racism doesn't exist
Fan the flames of war in Syria, leave the rest of the world to care for it's refugees.Yeah great job America. #WTAF # t c o t # l i b crib
Actually scrap that 35 days til Harry is made up with "the big guy" and not me. Yay. # he gets all the glory
Nice to see the pack of wolves on here still bullying someone for not believing their bullshit.
Works just the best when you get called out to a breakdown when your halfway home
Titans-Jags on $CBS tonight. Exciting! Too late to shift the game to $YHOO?
#International Mens Day finally, men are having the one day of special attention they get each year.  #whatthehellareyoutalkingabout
Yes Siri, I want directions to the 8th Ave in Miami, not Nashville. Thanks for predicting my impromptu vacation.
So glad I checked the weather forecast before riding my bike to the office today!
I'm going to read them the riot act to "Battle Hymn of the Republic". #West Wing # creative
Yeah you are definitely model material  #Dr Phil
getting hung up on semantics is my favorite.
Woah! Ahmedabad also has a night life! People prefer to hangout at 'Gaathiya' Joints even at 2 AM.
well that was a fun way to spend a night...
the heat of the moment seems like a great time to make permanent policy changes... #Syrian Refugees # open border # love thy neighbor
Reality, precisely hurt us.. :D Now, what is reality? Do you even know that your flesh simply build by atomic cells? -is-my-religion
I hope these Syrian refugees don't reek havoc on the U.S. like those Ebola patients did last year.
Is it # X m as next month!? You know, I would have never guessed!
I want to thank France for all your support. I know you voted for 'palestine' at the UN but we can look the other way...
I will put my Bible on shelf.Hide in my house to protect myself & my stuff. Wait for Jesus to return to give me my earned rewards.
Oh the joy of purchasing a new set of big ass winter tires & wheels bc u decided to changes cars this yr! # driver problems # Toronto
Happy International Men's Day! Because isn't it time that men got a day to themselves? # Facetious
De Broglie gave us the idea of Dual Nature of Electron. What we gave him back : "Dual Sim Phone" "Dual Citizenship" # C hem is try
Nothing better than working through the pile of stuff needed for car inspection.
Finally, a day for us MEN #International Mens Day
Idk bout y'all but I get pretty excited about getting up at 6:30 for work everyday!...
Happy #International Mens Day! Finally a day where men get the spotlight for a change.
I wonder if Russia will sell bombing raid rides like they did with their space program.
Lots of tips on making your infographic GO VIRAL at #S M Wchicago #S M Winfographics
Big S/O to Willows High School for getting me ready for life and college! # blessed
Happy International Men's Day. Finally a day, unlike the other 364 out there, were men are in charge. #Party Horse Approves
What a surprise. Maggie was thinking about The Boy. She never does that.  #The Doctors
Good thing Brazil is a small, throwaway economy. Would hate to see a big one suffer like they are.
I love finding random scars on my hands.
Love having to start over on a drawing because the paper reacts differently than before with my colours
Wonderful life and wonderful people # w o w
Aww K. Miller won't play tonight. Shame he was playing so well...  #N H L Bruins
I'm really glad that Trump wants to identify Muslim - Americans like Hitler identified the Jewish populace.
They should have an Awareness awareness seminar to cover the vast number of benefits and resolutions brought about from awareness.
Being there for someone that's never there for you is the best feeling everr
Love the M25...it's great that it m akes you to m ove slowly to take in the view! # m 25 ready for an exciting night in a lovely hotel
Me: Happy #International Mens Day , Dad Dad: Again with ?
Watching Dr. Oz and wondering why recommended alcohol servings are so sexist!
Cps wouldn't listen ? Big surprise there..
South African interest rates went up today. Way to stimulate the economy # for ex
Well done that guy on # tipping point 10k lost.
Some people are just way to sensitive. You say hi, they cry.
Woke up at 10. Had class at 8. Also I may or may not be wearing the same jeans as yesterday. So yes today is going 100% as planned.
already ran into three people I know. this week will be fun.
Shit load of shit that needs to be done between now and Tuesday. Most wonderful time of the year.
OMG I LOVE SCHOOL SO MUCH
The middle finger selfie is THE classiest pose out there # just kidding # i ml y in g # its not true # f i b s
There're people that have to comment every single thing that they think, I mean, they really think that their opinion is important?
Lebron and Cavs, how is $84mil man Tristan Thompson treating ya so far. 7ppg,9rbs/game average. No concern needed,cap will go up.
I think i'm going to hold the door open for someone and have it recorded so it can go viral. Then i'll be on the news and stuff.
The Match game. $MTCH now trading. Up about 10%. When will they set up a tracking stock for Tinder?
They're using all these terrorism scares to cover up the fact that vaccines still cause autism. #Wake Up America
Mayor David A. Bowers, Let's not forget Hitler's "final solution" or Pol Pot's "year zero". Other great ideas!  #Syrian Refugees
Waiting while at the Dr's office imagine that.
$SQ should have priced at $2. It would be up 570% right now!
Syndicate did a good job pricing that IPO
I hear that Isis next target may be Washington DC... Uh ok. And that's a bad thing? # just kidding guys # kill those is is bastards
The red pen in my briefcase just ran out...I've got half a box on my desk at home. That's a good place for them.  #Teacher Problems
Today I'm stuffing 450 gift bags for a work event. My job is so glamorous. # not
They gave me two red Starbucks cups bc they were “out of cardboard holders”. YOU’RE JUST PUSHING YOUR ANTI-CHRIST MESSAGE ON ME.
I don't mean anything... Like totally. You don't need to know.
Gee, it's so convenient that the country station is the only one that comes in clearly at work. # really hate country music
I wonder if this next snow storm will be called "Pine Sol" since last was "Ajax".  (I know Ajax was a Greek mythological figure.)
Great way to start the day
I'm loving this November like weather outside  #Exxon Knew
I am wondering if all the negotiations for Square go as well as the Starbucks deal, where clearly Square made out.
Thank God the towels are on the right bench.....
For the love of # God , # single people, # stop looking for # love or you will end up # married . # curve ma #Married At First Sight # funny
bright side: my back is doing better.. # trying to stay positive # could use a hug
This guy at the gym just did four sets of self i e s. # self i e # curve ma # G y m n as t # trend # self i e #What I Learned Today # hate week # mockery
Can't believe Jack and Jack aren't here, they're always in Chicago
I love the sound of construction in the morning. # noted
I'm getting bombarded with so much information from my core subjects. IT'S INSPIRING.
Today is going to be a great day! # t o d a y a c t u a l l y s u c k s
thanks # apple best # safari update EVER!!
It's easy to decide which refugees are "real" or "true" Christians for US entry. Only those who adhere to the #Heidelberg Catechism.
Just been sick before going in to the shower - just generally feeling like shit . Thank you flu shot
They gave us so many tea,I wonder I`ll see myself drinking tea in my dreams. # c x c e wit
The #HRBT is moving great today.
I love when people ask me a question that could be answered by reading
I wonder how terrorism became such an issue in Iraq. How did THAT happen?  #Morning Joe #MSNBC
I'm gonna miss # go o g le box a u it reminds me so much of watching TV with my family hahaha! # laughter # opinions # food # put world to rights
To all the strong, independent men who don't need no woman, Happy International Men's Day #International Mens Day. " "
#International Mens Day omg where's the equality omg this is so wrong
# People who don't understand are # A we some . # C hut i y as :D :p XD
Coneygree not just running for himself but all Graduation Chases. He can show how useful they are for a rookie chaser stepping up
I love when my alarm doesn't go off.
Always a joy those HP printers
An animation producer that doesnt even like animation? Never met one.
# i d u g d b 2 example: integrating social media for monitoring ATM infrastructure - as a problem
- A tool that you use to deal with the tools you come across in # life
Let's try it this way instead: So glad us men FINALLY get a day where the focus is upon us for ONCE....  #International Mens Day
I'm glad being cautious automatically makes me a heartless, hysterical, anti-Muslim, and un-Christian.
Getting lost in Tokyo is so much fun #SMTIV
Can't wait to hear Mundine's words of divine wisdom  #The Verdict
Work this morning, I'm so exited that I can't contain it
I'm not very active lately, I'm sorry I have a social life
#Show Men Some Love All the singles girls get committed now. :P
I love not being able to fall asleep  #Hate Sleeping Alone
I'm curious to know what it would be like if Islam wasn't a peaceful religion.
So I either have a really bad sprain or a not so bad break in my foot/ankle. Waitressing is going to be so fun tomorrow # o u c h
Shoutout to my manager for scheduling me on next weeks AHS Hotel episode like this weeks
Slow Internet + Boredom + No good shows on TV + NO FOOD + No one to talk to.. What a happy day!
When insurance companies void your claims based on "act of god" clauses, do they make a phone call to check or something?
Add maths, physics and chemistry :) damn fun wyeh
DMCC's Jumeirah lake towers has the best infrastructure known to man kind. #Ya Right
Gotta love how well Assassin's Creed games run on PC.
And now my roommates know 'for sure' that I have an ED. Awesome. # going 2 bed
these youtube fitness folks are so creative with their apparel company names
Thumbs up for automated twitter replies! If you talk to me, it will be me responding! # m unit ion approves
Remember kids, if your dev team is struggling to hit milestones, you absolutely need a new manager to oversee them. Not developers.
Ugh, the TV in my bedroom has a purple stripe across the top. $300 and it only last 17 years??? THANKS, Circuit City.
Is casting Tom Hardy as twins really just "twinface"? # f b
I love creepy & disturbing stories right before bedtime.
Amazing how de blasio exudes about the same level of confidence as obama  - birds of a feather......
I’m glad it has taken # Syrian # refugees to make everyone give a shit about the homeless and homeless Veterans #Where Have You Been?
It's not like slamming on the breaks shows that you were speeding....
Time to watch these dudes beat each other up, shower, then hit the hay. Long day tmrw & none of it involves "OPEN GYM".
Ya...Eberle is useless. He is a high end talent. If you can't see it stop following me now. # i d i o t s
1-0 under BJ. I think its safe to say the # R o c k e t s are going to win the championship now.
Oh, lovely! The old vampires are starting to get their color back! #A H S Hotel
Nothing beats walking home in a bathing suit because it is pouring and you just played battleship. # college
I love how Amanda hits Mike and it's okay, but he pushes her away it's abuse. # doubles t and a r d # are you the one
Go ahead and knock off your only little sister with whom you've sung with since forever. # Nashville
#Ask Press Sec why don't we bomb the crap out of ISIS and just wait to see if the next group to arise are pacifists?
Wow I was really scared that was a real lion
panic attacks are some beautiful things :-)
Good thing I got to see the end of the 2nd period NBC and Comcast  #LGRW
So hyped to STILL be on a plane. Even more hype to get up and get on another one tomorrow.
I love having group projects up the wazoo. I'm not even content with having 4 to do. I want them in all my classes.
Barrack Obama has certainly earned his Nobel Peace prize. Our world is so much more peaceful ... # Syria # Iran # Paris # Russia #ISIS
"Wow! You're really Malaysian? You dont look local". So tell me what do real Malaysians have look like?
I love all of the fouls that are called in college bball these days! I really enjoy watching glorified free throw shooting contests
#Breaking News / #Jokeof The Day, a friend just called Tusshar Kapoor a #Mahaan Actor. I'm sure he was joking,  can be contagious!
James Johnson and Norman Powell talking during the Paris national anthem. Great job guys  #RTZ
I just read this. Most people who hate #APEC2015 aren't wearing local brands. Check their gadgets too. I hope that made a point.
At least we have better facilities than Akron
I am not a perfect muslim because i am not terrorist yet
Apparently bad nutrition, coffee as a main source of fluid intake, and restless sleep is bad for your health...who knew  #Do Health
that person that has one responsibility and still messes it up is my favorite type of person
Either you're with us or you're with the terrorists.
You have never even told me that you were proud of me for my accomplishments ever # father of the year
Someone told me I had an "Indian accent", which comes as a surprise given my Moroccan, Dutch, Chinese and Malay ancestry.
Well that was a creative transition shot...
Oh...good... #The Ascension are here... # b a d p r o m os #L O Dthrowbacks
Who would ever guess that Abi would have to sit out if they had a schoolyard pick? # Sur vivo r #Reward Challenge # Sur vivo r SecondChance
At least I got to spend 4 hours at #ATL today, couldn’t have wished for a better day. # i hate at l ant a
Marvel is killing iconic characters because they can't be in #Marvel Studios movies, I guess Deadpool will be next.
I love when jobs say "10 years of experience needed!!", because when I was 12 that's when I entered the workplace. # r e d i c
Thank you, APEC, for helping me achieve my fitness goals. I probably wouldn't need cardio for another week
Well that day of chemistry revision went perfectly I'm sure I'll pass my AB test tomorrow
#I Still Facebook Because I love getting the thousands of game requests!!
Jeesh, even my mom doesn't want to talk to me right now. #Best Week Ever  #Hate Life Right Meow
#I Still Facebook Because I live for all the different things I can do with tator tots.
No one knows who these stats are without the faces.... Lol
Me: I'm practicing my presentation for Friday. Want to hear it? 12YO: No. If you wrote it, I am sure it is FANTASTIC! # pa renting
Goody! I got a jury summons for my wedding week. I can't wait!  Hopefully it isn't a crime from SE ColoSpgs. Those are serious!
In keeping with tradition, there's a 100% chance of rain out of LYH Airport tomorrow. HMM, I WONDER IF MY FLIGHT WILL GET DELAYED.
I just love editing video because it is so easy and not annoying or stressful at all! #Idratherbepunchedintheface # send help # what
Ah yes, nothing is better than the taste of Capital's artificial cheese.
$KBIO Funny thing is that chasers dont realize Marti loaded at 1.35 not at 13.50 ....
Power Rangers in New Zealand?! I wonder how much THAT cost them.
Wow! So pumped that I get to wear a neck brace for 6 weeks! Yeah! Woo hoo!!!!
So diplomatic change should have been the first option before # refugees welcome Use the refugees budget to keep them out?
Just checking. Stricter checking Syrian widows & orphans but STILL no new gun restrictions? Oh. Ok. Makes sense. # Me r i cu h
Turkey and stuffing? Naw. Frozen pizza and mtn dew for my thanksgiving this year. The meal of champions.
When people try to argue with you yet have no evidence to back up anything they say. I fucking love it.  #Last Nerve Has Been Tried
My current dilemma = Ive gained weight that I want to lose.. but my b o o b s are now big because of it. # tough life # b o o b s # weight gain
It's awesome to see all these opinions from people who haven't got a clue about agriculture # able g
No # refugees ! Let them suffer & be radicalized so my kids can fight the same war I did!
Yay the database is down. Fantastic. Today rocks. # f b
you have one minute to buy the $spy cause you will never ever never see under 208.80 in the history of the world # be patient # chase r
Yep, and teenagers should pay full taxes and get their own home by 13. Notice the pro-pedos support this #Op Death Eaters #Votes At16
School from 10am to 9pm is always fun, yes
I how ppl make bad choices, knowingly...then have the audacity to bitch to you about it. # annoyed
Flight delayed into and out of O'Hare. I'm shocked.
Thanks #DFW for the non-working up escalator. I needed the work out.
I think at the next election I'm going to vote Dear Husband off the island. # Men
But I'm currently drug free, yay me
Love how almost everyone knows how much I love Hello Kitty. #idonthaveahellokittyobsession
Yes ma'am, a "quick wash and vac" does not translate as "full detail bumper to bumper". Shocking, I know # car wash problems
Oh good, another film to write about in my thesis.  #Huntsman Winters War
Had a legit question for my superiors and I just got brushed off. I love it here.
We know that the best schools must produce the best people, because Hoover graduated from Harvard and kept us out of Depression.
Lol colleges must be overflowing with Political Science majors considering how may "experts" there are on global matters
So fun doing a track session in 30 mph winds today!
Another evening spent fighting with Facebook Ads - what fun # p p c 4 life
Don- "What's wrong with the KKK?" # Phil facts or could be , I can't tell through their toneless shouting
Yeah, keep taking pictures with money. Thats totally what people with REAL money do...
This day just gets better and better and better...
If it ain't white it ain't right. #Gods Of Egypt
When your ex takes your friend's phone and acts like a dick. Today is a good day and they wonder why they are single # stupidity
So glad over half of my lunch break was spent sitting stuck at a parked train
As a reg R, I guess I'd better learn how 2 #CONTAIN myself 2 prove the messiah is correct?  Is that what it wants? Stay out of #USA
Aaaaand my phone is downloading updates so nothing else will work. AWEEEESOME.
waiting for the first car ad that claims # g lute n free driving pleasure.
*walks pass building* Ah, yes, the beautiful smell of weed in the morning.
Nothing is more fun than paying traffic tickets
thanksgiving is still apart of the calendar right? I think they took it off
Buy 5 holiday lattes at Starbucks, and get your diabetes for free!
I'm in favor of closing our borders to refugees. Had Native Americans done same to pilgrims, they wouldn't have suffered genocide.
Love those blurred face profile pics Your editing skills are on point  hint* your face in real life doesn't come with a blemish tool
Are beautifiul people strangers or am I stranger to beautiful people
30 minutes on hold with the Internet company is indeed how I planned to spend time this morning.
The plus side of living in a complex is that I get to listen to Omi's Hoolahoop song on repeat without even pressing a button.
Movie Concussion will bring the NFL down.
A4 the second you’re “famous” you should unfollow everyone who has ever supported you! # buffer chat
I mean I just love eating alone
Journalism. Perfect way to start my day.
Are people not getting paid to work? I'm confused ?
So glad I procrastinated writing my book by writing an article today.
I love going to class after performing a show
and the woman of the year award goes to.....Bruce Jenner. Good Job bro.
when I think about the tailspin that Houston # R o c k e t s are in, I can only think how sad I feel for Dwight Howard
You should definitely be in charge of teaching our future generations.
It seems that top recruits are more interested in winning/preparing for the NBA than a place to shoot around, curious
I backspace a lot on #FB. I just don't think people really appreciate my levels of . #There Is Always Twitter #Hump Day
I love my job, I love my job, I love my job, I love my job, I love my job... # what merger # bank takeover # get me out of here
i was thrilled to wake up today and see that there was already a "high five a librarian" backlash
So glad my friends are here!! # friend less
"You’re so hot” I whispered as I took my plate of food out of the microwave
First Starbuck's Eggnog Latte of the year. The plain red cup really took away from the taste of the drink, though...
My friends are a great source of comfort
I love it when people are too stupid to look at the time stamps on there messages...  #Girlfriend Problems
When you're the new on in the office, so you're the chosen one to attend fire drills # awesome
I feel like santa now... oh joy
I hope # Paris gets its together before next months # climate change conference. That's the real threat in the world today!!
I love when humans don't care bc it makes other humans feel like
Obamas out here tryna house all these Muslim refugees when we have our own vets living on the streets. #Good President
Tornado watch today # w o w # thanks weather
You know it's gonna be a good day when you wake up and say, "Wow I can't wait to go back to sleep later"
Ok, so I finally looked to see what this whole Periscope thing is about. It's another video app. How wonderful
#BREAKING: Volkswagen has high hopes with all these #Je Suis Diesel tweets!
I mean voting Tory would mean ignoring what they're doing to the environment, the disabled & poor but at least I'll pay less tax.
I'm going to vote Tory at next election. I prob do alright under them & their contempt for my politics is no worse than the PLPs.
Was up at 3:30am this morning for a flight back to Houston... That's always a good time
2 hours into work an Im already tried. 1 more to go then Im off to class. # Yay!!! # ugh
I can hardly contain my excitement for THE MOST IMPORTANT FED MINUTES EVER coming out at 2pm today. # news from three weeks ago
I can just tell that today is gonna great!
I'm an OU guy through and through, but I'll admit OSU's "Mason Randolph" is impressive. # come on man #ESPN
In the waiting room at the head shrinker. It's always so much fun.
This week just keeps getting better and better
#H50 SORRY, I forgot the rule n°1 of the Show, to be popular (positive or negative) must have an LI with McG (Danny, Cath, Lynn)
Gonna be working in Jenkintown starting today. Whoo. Glad I'm driving more for the same pay.
I'm so happy my mom believes in my capabilities and supports me whole heartedly!!!!
I don't think I've ever seen anybody take 3 hours to get gas
I slept with my hair wet last night. It's so pretty today. The new stylist I have a consultation with is going to adore it
Good thing nothing bad happened to all those Jewish refugees we never wanted to let in during WWII. The Syrians will be fine, too.
Awesome!! One of my car tires has a screw in it. I love spending money on a new tire.
Overheard convo: "Don't go outside, it's violent" "Violent? It's violent in here" love work at the mo
"I liked your hair better when it was longer” cool i liked you better when you weren’t talking
Hey sorry for not replying I didn't want to Please RT if you are the same. I # follow back
When the sun up the world is a neat....
Greenstead in # C ol chest e r is such a lovely area.
The best hair days are always the ones where the rain blows sideways!
Instead of actually solving the source of the problem, better monitor every citizen and pass more laws and restrictions.
Sticks and stones could break my bones. But anything you say will only fuel my lungs. # get scared # best kind of mess
yeah lets put thousands of innocent refugees lives at risk at not let them in the UK because of a handful of evil terrorists # evil
Having a wonderful day so far!!
Imaginary person: What's the color of your nailpolish? Me: Black. Like my heart. # black
Annnnnd wakes up to find out my retainers cracked. Perfect timing!
Tom fans will be happy, that he produced Bill's solo project. Now they can "care" of it. They will listen to amazing productions.
Spending #Our Day at school, # so much fun # school is me h #whowantstoenterthegiveaway
Being at a standstill on the M4 is always fun! # m 4
Forgive & Forget? I'm neither Jesus nor do I have Alzheimer's
My dad told me I defiantly have cancer, just before it went to the GP, we have a brilliant relationship # family # love
You can't be # respect able , until you prove to be respect ed by others. Show # respect & # politeness to others & be respect ed is a NO
Every person to have ever commited any crime was a human, so humanity is evil.
Not everybody is lucky to get a  & an orgasm...
Just so so busy at work today
Wow. I had no idea so many people were experts on religion and foreign policy!
A mother makes her son gentle in 20 years, a girl makes him mental in 20 minutes. # relation ship # funny
Metro Jet of Russia was brought down by 1 kg of TNT by terrorist in Egypt. Now lets keep the Russian flag in our profile pics!!
Ha! Luas tracks are a river! Must be bcoz theres no seawall in clontarf #dublincitycouncil Logic
Everyone's in such a delightful mood tonight # family
Like seriously. Women is asking for a cum directly here online? Like you are inviting yourself like some whore.
What a lovely movie to watch when you have insomnia... #Now Watching # H os t e l
Remember all of those Knicks fans who were excited about getting Porzingis? Oh wait..
What's going on in Ramdev's head: If I would have been white, #FSSAI would never have troubled me
And another dentist appointment in the morning, to fix my filling that fell out. YAY
We should've annihilated isis when they were a 'JV Team.'
Mom: Why is the trash can still full?? Son: Because I haven't taken it out # smart ass # l a z i n e s s
I love when a new tattoo itches it's the best feeling in the world :) # i want to rip it off
My day is 10/10 so far
Literally have like three weeks then you're gone forever # why a miso lucky
Smart move, take the boy and put him with his actual family #Star Wars
ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho
So Europe has 2000 airplanes to fight with. Belgium is going to replace 50... Airplanes always Ork # s y r i a # united # e u rope
oh and constantly comparing myself to you...
I can't believe we're playing this well without Terrence Ross!!
So excited for more rain this week.
Time for bed kiddies. I can't imagine insomnia & adrenaline combining for another night of 4 hours or less of sleep.
...the dogs owner did it! Its nothing to do with the breed obviously.  So sad and shouldn't ever happen.
...from WITHIN. I feel kinda stupid lately. Thanks a bunch # c l e a n m y m a c ! /
I hate Izzo so much # stacked
The benefits of having an ex : you can use their left out underwears # follow back # r et we et # fun # joke # l ol # r t
Thanks for the invite everyone. I feel so included in everyone's lives these days.  I'm here for all of you when shit hits the fan.
Someone should make the Middle East a Gun Free Zone.
Don't you just love religious persecution?
Wowow what a great setlist Madness followed by UD ...
I'm glad my class decided to have another physics test. # why
SO FSSAI is just behind every brand that launches # n o o d les ! is that perhaps FSSAI people like egg rolls instead of n o o d les !
So I have 4 days to re-learn maths I haven't used in 15 years. This should be fun. #I Suck At Maths #GRE # E x am #High School Flashback
Schedule 3 shows in 5 weeks they said....it will be fun they said ....... # stress
yo... kl workers can survive without cars. See what happens today. Kl road closure yet people managed fid their way to work
25 fouls in the first half of MSU and Kansas. This new freedom of movement emphasis is AWESOME.
Something wrong w/ Steph? He's only on pace for 36.
"Oh this is going to be ready"  #Star Wars
Buzzfeed has a story about how horrible Caillou is. # breaking news Also, this may be the only thing # Canada has ever done terribly.
Clearly our priorities are dead on. Or we just want to be different because somehow we think that makes us cool.  #Charlie Sheen
Dick Vitale respects Duke? # no # shocked #M S Uvs Kansas
These VT coaching rumors are getting crazy! Les Miles? Really?.....
Super jazzed that Halloween has passed and now I can look forward to ugly sweater party instagrams.
Of course, Lori is the "cool mom."  #Finding Carter
Another nugget from Don Lemon "never a dull moment"
Even though it was in France, its just great to hear about Bomb Threats targeting a plane while currently inside of one.
I'm a fantasy genius I stacked # Broncos and # Ben gals
Don Lemon just advised that nobody should ever call in a hoax. Super helpful advice.
Are you single ? The question that gets me every time I be like Good Question , Cause that their is a Good Question
A terrorist bomb killed 32 people in Nigeria today. LET'S GO TO WAR!! Oh, never mind, those were Nigerian people.
Just had THE worst case of pins and needles in my feet. Like I full on collapsed. Love those little reminders of my diabetes  #T1D
I love it when I go to you for help and you turn it into an argument.
I'm pretty sure I survive and win life fueled by # coffee , # chocolate & .
I love when I'm trying to watch something in an audience and someone keeps farting next to me # children
I work thanksgiving and Black Friday! YAY CAPITALISM! Who needs family time during the holidays right?
i gotta carry my phone around with me 24/7 just in case nobody texts me  :P
Wade whinging to the refs?! My eyes deceive me. He never does that... amazing scenes.
PHEW! For a minute I thought the # F l y e r s had no chance to lose this game in a shootout! Thank goodness they gave up that late goal!
If only the refs could make the free throws they give to Duke. #5 against 8 #BBN
Glad to see Manning back to his original form.
I love going to a public restaurant & being forced to listen to religious music
We just had the best golden girls routine ever # No les
Forgive and Forget? Im neither Jesus nor do i have Alzheimers # h u got
Currently picturing my happy place to avoid thinking about college # not stressed at all
I love when Les gets called back in to work after just getting home and all cozy on the couch.
Syrian refugees in America would be really bad...would ruin that whole crime free, violence free, murder free thing right?
Thank you for making me hate myself
Time to make the kid brother an # eagle scout . Wahooo I have no motivation for this paper due tomorrow. Just procrastination.
Can anyone believe that the Wild are playing dirty against the Pens?? That would NEVER. happen.
If we still had Engelland that wouldn't happen.
Sadly All nighters, no sleep & Starbucks have become the norm smh thanks college
You ever notice how many more ads for life insurance and medical insurance CNN runs after a tragedy? What a coincidence..
Kentucky has so much talent and depth, they might go 40-0 # t w e e t s from every year
When I grow up I wanna be Ray Ferraro #NHL
Oh good it's been a while since I've had a tooth ache # give me dentures now
Remember when Redditors said they were going to switch to Voat? Yeah, that happened.
Coach K out on the floor whining to the ref. So, not like him # b b n #U Kvs Duke
Would also like to thank my Internet provider for being awesome tonight. # L i lead # cant wait for go o g le fiber
#NHL Good thing they didn't call any penalties on that play where Lehtera was injured.  #S T L Blues #S T Lvs C B J
thx phs guidance department for helping me apply to college!!
Woah, Mother Nature. No need to be so relentless with all this snow.
Sooo...cat thinks yoga time is petting time. Maintaining downward dog with a tail in my face is fun.
Bruce Banner is such an important part of Totally Awesome Hulk that Marvel dare not reveal his plot in solicits. # r e a d c o m i c s
I just got the results of my blood test. I'm Christian. Thank god. No Muslim terror cells in my veins!
A customer asked when Thanksgiving was and it was tempting to tell her it was last week but Christmas is next week
Wonderful stuff from the US - the style this Manager is trying to put in place after four and a half years is taking full affect!
I have had the best week ever and it only Tuesday
Can Carbondale get a bit more wind?
The hate is real. We should declare war on Christianity too, because Westboro Baptist Church and KKK are Christian.
Can't wait to see what awesome things are gonna be said to me tonight!
Here at the champions classic. Here to see four really bad teams at a really bad venue.
"Now I know who is the Minister for Defence" #Fiji Parliament  #Spin Doctor On Aroll
Wow, I so love it when the official documentation for an R package is wrong. # p h d life
So proud of the way my country is depicted in the international media! # Belgium
I love that my little cousin does the sign of the cross before and after he prays good little Catholic #Father Son Holy Ghost
#What I Hate About Super girl Oh look, the elevator fell as predicted. How out of left field that was. # Super girl
Nothing says football like Toledo on Tuesday night!
When it's rush hour the subway platform is packed and you miss a train and the people that just got in just smile back at you >>>
It's really fun to write a 3000 word essay on a color.. # i love art
I love definitely love my life
10% ticket price increase must mean a payroll bump of 10% too! # b l u e j a ys
Best news I've gotten all year!
Yeah, sure, cause I know ALL about marketing. Of COURSE I do.
I for one am stunned to find out #Charlie Sheen has HIV. # not really
Always feeling like I don't fit in is GREAT
Know what’s awesome? got a copy of battlefront, and my PS4 is f’d. That’s awesome
I felt like I needed to put that  in that last tweet because people can't tell the difference in a joke nowadays.
I've been on Twitter for several weeks now, and I still haven't heard a single bird make any noise. # humor
I got cheese bread for dinner with sauce. I am happy today. I'm going to stay sane and make the next 20 hours fun
Charlie Sheen announced he's HIV positive. What courage. He deserves "Man Of The Year" award. Him and Caitlyn Jenner are so brave.
College exams are so fun! :-) # i love college # no stress # school is life
Just been given enough material to write KALI DAAL - THE MUSICAL. Who wants to be a collaborative artist?
"I'm never going to befriend a white person because there are only white people in the KKK!"  #Logic These Days #You Were Dropped As A Baby
Let me put Hondura's flag in my Facebook pp so I can help the player who broke his leg  too soon?
Nothing like waiting at a doctors office with two under two and both want/need you at the same moment...
I love know-it-alls. I really, really do. They're my favorite people ever.
Yay it's #STI day in my human sexuality class today. Good thing I had a huge lunch!
In Greg Abbott we trust. I mean cmon guys, he kept us safe during Jade Helm. # i didn t vote for him # t ex as
This weather is doing wonders for my mood today.
Fox News lauding Nigel Farage There's a shock.
Perfect way to end a month straight of having to study? Work 3 days in s row
"Quick scan"? Yeah. Thats what it is.
Sure nothing that happened is on me since I was gone. But guess who gets to clean up the entire mess now? yay
What a proud moment as a Floridian to see our Governor, Rick Scott, call all refugees terrorist on live tv.
I'm not sure what just went down but I think I had my first hallucination. This is just what my depressed ass needs.
Today I've been mostly wishing I was alone on a desert island. Up to my pits in coursework & misery will have to do. # loving life
"Pareene’s Gawker will focus intensely on politics, broadly considered, and the 2016 campaign." A political site? How refreshing!
Over the moon to be spending my first day in Appleton doing laundry. What an adventure. # time consuming #L I F Econsuming
Nice. Well done. Perfect. Maravilloso. Good. Bien. Eso es.
Yea let's go ahead and deny refugees a safe place just because we're a little scared.
I almost slept through history. That would have been such a shame... to continue that nap... and dreaming those dreams...
I'm working from Starbucks today. I'm listening to Christmas music. Fighting the war on Christmas from inside the enemy trenches
Glad I can get into all the classes I wanted
So miss bahamas juicin a celebrity ey... Tru sounds about right # what else are we good for
Can't imagine why other teams weren't willing to trade an OL for Chris Matthews.
Shout out to the oblivious asshole who put a nice scratch in my car door # Thanks # A p p r e c i ate it
Oh that Gods of Egypt movie looks lovely. Where is Oroonoko staring Channing Tatum? Malcolm X staring Seth Rogan? # gods of e g y p t
The best criterion when deciding what book to use in a text is "Is it free," right? # higher education
So Anonymous can take down 5500 #ISIS Twitter accounts yet the #NSA can't. Maybe Anonymous should run NSA # just saying
Saw a lot of NH3 go in the ground last 2 weeks followed by 1-2inches of rain this week. That'll help our position with Dsm lawsuit.
S/o to my shitty 8th pd class.. i history.
I'm glad to see that David Ortiz & Brandon Weeden, are trending on twitter yet nothing about our refusal to accept Syrian refugees.
"We are on twitter now! Follow us!" and then never a post again. Ah, now that is social media magic if ever I have seen it.
Can't wait to have enough followers for sarcastic quotes, but I guess I'll have to save those. # first world problems # social media
Thanks to Smart I am having the most terrible internet life atm. You're the best!!! # worst connection # smart b r o
So Abu Sayyaf just beheaded their Malaysian captive. Great! Just great!
Being on a regular basis can add up to 3 yrs to your life. is extremely # healthy for the mind.
Thanks for the confidence boost yo
After coughing for 3 days i finally feel my abs working out # love being sick
All this flight drama.. Can't wait to get on a plane in two days
A huge round of applause for Gemma Collins for lasting longer in the jungle than she did last year even if it'son itv2 #Im A Celeb
So the electricity is getting better in KRG.
I want to make a username that's 140 characters long just to mess with people who tweet me. Oh wait... no one tweets me # all alone
I read one useless Facebook status today but it's not worth my time to comment on it especially for a high school level worldview.
When does the Governor start blocking Yankee refugees? # Maybe
Yeah the Marlins should go ahead and trade the best young pitcher in baseball. Seems like a good decision to me
Los Angeles looks like a great place to go to with cool people.
Glad I work door to door on days like today. # not really
Parents plan a surprise party for me, It was an arrange marriage. # just pa renting
Always nice when it stops raining the second you get to your front door # drowned rat # no umbrella
As many as 10,000 # refugees ?! By next year?! Holy crap where would we put them all? #fuckthe G O P you've gotta be fucking kidding me
The dryer doesn't work. -.- That's alright, I meant to waste my life waiting for dry clothes
SOURCE: # J a g u a r s win over Baltimore will stand.
My day started off so great let's make it better
Nothing like being stuck in with kids during a blizzard # let me out
Karma is working perfectly Im having wat i really deserve
Only 1.6M more,, we will win this  #1DNL
Charlie Sheen is HIV positive!!!! # Shock e r
I picked a great day to bring a jacket without a hood.
My sense of humor is not for people who suffer from butt-hurt. You have been warned.  #No Apologies #Just Laugh
Nice free block when you have to run errands first.
# M o di can never utter the dialogue "Gyarah mulkon ki police mujhe dhund rahee hai" cause he is always travelling d 11mulks... Ha ha
oh what a joyful bus this is....
Resized my # De bi an VirtualBox VM from 10 to 25 gigabytes. Because # L i nux can take ungodly amounts of disk space.
in pain, exhausted, and need to finish writing...for joy.
We sure needed the moisture. # color a do #Castle Rock # blizzard 2015
Living in fear for your job... The healthiest way to work ..
It's not often that I have to talk to our viewers on the phone. When I do, you can be sure they are very calm and level headed.
Charlie sheen has HIV... No one saw that coming  #Charlie Sheen
Always remember that making the burn down chart look good is always more important than getting the actual work done.
Nothing gets me harder than a morning spent checking new merchandise in. # this is why i have lackeys
I'm no doctor, but I'd say sometimes # coffee and are the best medicine.
It's cold & raining and my alarm didn't go off so I was late for work. Great start to my Bday
About time. Didn't see this coming at all. # j f f
It's great to start the day off with anxiety and too many goddamn people in my space.
My favorite part of sleeping on the couch is when everyone wakes up and comes to chill and talk near me when I'm barely awake. # g r r
lol.. almost all have forgotten # b al t hack re y .. no state holiday declared so far... failure of # b j p n #Shiv Sena
My uber driver is the happiest person on earth
Yes, Walter. Denial is great. # S c or pi on
It is so GREAT having a completely left winged mother whom is very stubborn in her opinion.
Iraqi government so corrupted that they literally thinking to pass law against honesty as a crime ! # i r a q # us a
It's #Charity Tuesday and I still don't have a six-figure salary. Best start a new charity
Oh, they're selling UA on DKS, okay...DKS is so we'll run...
$WMT up 3% ... probably because it didn't announce it was buying a chain of pizza restaurants.  $URBN
I really wish more people would be a bit more vocal about refugees on social media. Absolutely no one is posting about it.
Drug-addled, hooker fiend Charlie Sheen is HIV+? Wow. Color me surprised.
Dear terrorists, welcome to the U.S.! So nice of Obama to let you in. #Seriously P O T U S # Be armed and ready #2nd Amendment
Well now that the bengals have lost and the season is over we can start talking about who they will draft.
It's not like Filipinos have to go to work because they pay taxes and need to feed their family. Noooooo, totally not like that
Only took 10 minutes to get an appointment, not bad
The guy sitting across from me keeps saying, "CARRIE Shhh!" when I haven't said anything. I'm as quiet as a church mouse here. # f b
the oedipus fam suicide story is soo fun that i cant not smile af
Can't wait to take this test that's 100% necessary for succeeding in our high school careers!!1!!1!1!1!!1
Boy the ART bus drivers are a real ray of sunshine, aren't they?
We all failed to realize is that #ISIS is a result of # climate change . Thank god #Bernie Sanders is around to point that out.
Hey, let's all prove how monstrous we all are, and make fun of Charlie Sheen's HIV status! # compassion # humanity
rejected superhero - # deadline man - able to meet # un realistic # deadlines with the power of # c a f f eine and
Pakistan team competing to win the best wicket thrower award #Pakvs Eng # cricket # s h a r j ah
Holding it all together with duct tape, white out, staples, and psychotropic medication. #What A Wonderful World
Well, good thing Charlie Sheen came out and told everyone about being HIV positive; now we can discuss that instead of Paris.
Now the ref will add 10 min injury time because we're all enjoying the second half so much  #B A Nv A U S #Go Socceroos
Oh yeah! My dad's business got stolen today. Big surprise there
Off for a new phone,thanks to Whiston for their Stella care as per...
So nice to see labour MP's respecting the will of the party and supporting Jeremy Corbyn # unite # labour
Hey Twitter, your hacky tiger blood jokes are super funny and not lazy at all. You should definitely keep doing them.  #Charlie Sheen
We kill people who kill people because killing people is wrong. Makes perfect sense.
Good news everyone! We can right all the worlds wrongs in just a 140 characters!
It baffles me that we don't have world peace already with the amount of 'great ideas' my social media newsfeed is saying. # get real
In light of the heightened terror state I propose tht we recruit more # Police Graduates & #Direct Entry Superintendents Rest easy!
Poor college student collecting a free education...bless your heart having it so rough. # offense intended
Nothing like doing your tax return to put you in a good mood
$URBN down 11.5% # p remark et after earnings. Should they start selling ironic shirts saying "Hold the Anchovies?" Pizza? # s y ne r g y
My next purchase will be a Kym Marsh DVD
3 years on Twitter and 366 followers. Doing something right, for sure! hahaha
Don't u just love it when u got to a a meeting stand there while the receptionist is busy with a personal call. #sure Icanwait
Weather person on tv just said there was some heavy rain to look forward to...........can't wait # weather # rain
Watched #rousey V Sholm again. Shocking to see the 'greatest' fighter on the planet get destroyed so embarrassingly! #UFC193 # Box in g
Welp. Here's to a great effing day.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until they speak.
I must say, holding the #APEC2015 here in Manila is the smartest move ever. Do you smell it?
You know what I love? When people say "Our lives don't revolve around you" but then expect your life to revolve around them.
My child is such a little delight at times
Luckily now I can cross off "woken up at 4 am by tornado sirens and forced to take shelter in my bathroom" off my bucket list.
Refusal to take # refugees doesn't prevent anyone from crossing state lines. #Walls For All Red States
Was stuck in car for 3hours. It broke so yh. Yay. Another piece of shit event in my perfect little day.
"The first General Synod sessions of new quinquennium…" Good thing everything we say is in # plain en g l is h .. # jargon # c of e
Someone posted their opinion online!!! Quick tell them they are stupid and personally attack them for stating their opinion!!!
No! You mean that someone known for using drugs and prostitutes is HIV positive? How could this happen? What a shock! #Charlie Sheen
♫ Bureaucracy bureaucracy, what would we do without bureaucracy? I don't know bureaucracy (bureaucracy) I just love bureaucracy! ♫
Glad that my one follower is a live sex chat account. # awesome
Another on time service from # south eastern # its just a bit of rain # only 15 m i n s late
So apparently my town is now called Snowsbury... Oh wow!
Patanjali noodles, straight as they come. Because not straight is not normal.
So # Battle front launched 2 hours ago in the US and yet half the people have blasters that kill me in one shot. # Fun # A we some
Looming forward to the usual mob of Twitter contrarians finding reasons why England fans shouldn't sing La Marseillaise. (N.B. )
I'm offended that there is nothing to get offended about this morning. # Star bucks # con fed e rate flag #Politically Correct # humor
#Talk Like Indian Media Breaking News : BJP ke Neta vivadit khana kaha rahe hain
#Talk Like Indian Media Breaking News : Gen V K Singh vivadit saansey le rahe hain
Haha ,,Arnab doesnt go to hospital he invites 8 doctors to debate his condition.
I was born without you so I guess I can live without you # t we et of the day # love hurts # h u r t e d # pain # single # bachelor # no girlfriend
And interesting to note once again that Steve Jobs father was a # Syrian immigrant.... Yeah, that was a real blight on the U.S.
// Being sick is so much fun
#Charlie Sheen is HIV positive. I did not see that coming.
#SPOILER Funny thing I heard a synth say in Fall out 4. "More stairs? Who built this vault? A fitness instructor?" # Fall out 4 # S y n t h
I even put a  in your  so you can  while you
6 am workouts tomorrow, so excited
I love when I can't breathe out of my nose
Oh the joys of a car alarm going off while I'm trying to fall asleep.
Woah, they're burning the much anticipated R-Truth return BEFORE the PPV?  #Ti Vo R A W
Whut? Charlie Sheen have AIDS? Who in the world could have said that? Based on what? # its not shocking
I swear I have the best luck in the world.
That is why we say #Misuse Of Rape Law is a  in itself! Is this all about #Women Empowerment? Or this is about firing the #Evil Fire
6 points. Great Job Bengals! And I'd like to give a special S/O to Tyler Eifert for catching balls that were thrown right to him.
Rio with 29 off the bench for Memphis... Really making that pathetic trade look smart...
In other news Trump is genius and everyone is a political scientist...
I started # following Mitchell Johnson today... I came to learn he is retiring from international cricket! neverthless, #Great Man!
Man I'm glad I was able to use my rewards to preorder Star Wars...
I should sleep but that's a huge waste of time , who needs sleep , sleep is for the weak . # i mg one
Yea lets just let a bunch of middle eastern "refugees" into the country. That's a great idea
It's amazing how lean Vince Wilfork looks on TV -  - still a beast though and I love him.
there is a thin line between insulting someone and describing someone
a 44-page photocopy filled with med terms for a quiz tonight, how fun
Show support for Obama & Hillary's FAILED Democrat foreign policies by tweeting support for importing #Syrian Refugees today! # t c o t
I say what's on my mind 24/7, if you can't handle the truth then I suggest you get away from me.  #Queen Bitch
I'll likely be 36 still swiping left or right in between games of FIFA. It's going to be a great time.
In a stunning upset, the Dudley Boyz get the win! #RAW
People fleeing Syria are doing so to escape IS, but nevermind that. Brown people are scary. #Syrian Refugees
Riding the metro railway -it's more fun in PH!
Love how ppl become assholes when you have a different opinion than them.
Didn't see that one coming #RAW
I got my tin foil hat on
Who would've thought josh smith and pablo prigioni were the keys to all of the rockets success last season. Man are we missing them
If I could start telling time and remembering the date my life would improve immeasurably. # but really though
HoneyandDarling: The best part of being a parent is getting your kids sickness during the worst time in your life for getting sick …
Roman Reigns is totally not gonna win this match….  #RAW
This shows how great Aquino government is... #APEC2015  speaks
The best part of being a parent is getting your kids sickness during the worst time in your life for getting sick # pa renting # help
Ganesh Thapa is our internal problem and we are very much capable of dealing with it #Backoff F I F A
There sooooo many Charlie Sheen/status identity/disclosure think pieces coming and I'm SO looking forward to them
Carl Hagelin should be benched every other gm in the 3rd period if he is going to respond like this  #Not Even
When girls call you dude>>> # please no
So Paris attacker from Belgium? Great, now I have to fear Muslims AND Europeans.
Where did a lunatic learn to wrestle? #RAW #W W E Title  #Stop Calling Him A Lunatic
Nice job, refs... Give offsetting penalties that end up costing the Bengals about 30 yards of field position #C I Nvs H O U #Who Dey
Well that was a better period boys...only down 2 instead of 4 like last game!!! #N H L Jets # things are look in up
# o o c uuuuuugh just what I wanted to see on raw...more flashbacks and a contract signing
Whoa. James Harden called for an offensive foul. Dude can't catch a break.  #Celtics Talk
You sure have your priorities straight
S/o to all of my teachers for already putting in all of my assignments as 0s :-))))
Governors refusing Syrian refugees... WOW YOU'RE SO NOBLE. # fuck them # Islam a p hob i a
The University of Minnesota has decided to stop acknowledging Sept. 11. Makes me proud to be a MN resident.  #UMN #U M N Proud
US should not issue student visas to Moslem students.  #Syrian Refugees #Ted Cruz
#Twitter Beats Real Life Cos Obama can't just show up and take my guns
My mom just asked me if I was a junior. I thought she knew I was graduated by now
Boy this shot clock change has helped offense
I'm glad that in the year 2015 we don't even have to go to church to pray, a simple hashtag makes us feel empowered and holy.
I can't believe Charlie Sheen has hiv after having sex with porn stars, prostitutes and over 5000 women
When will my mom stop calling Muslims terrorists... #Racist Parents Are The Best # Ugh
Good thing Zeislofts D has improved # i u b b
I should get some sort of coach of the year award.
Final score. 100-56. Such an amazing game!
There's not much more i love then a liar.
Burning children alive is a good thing that's for damn sure.
# Relax & #Keep Calm is now the worldwide official language. Let the debauchery begin!
My bank decided to wish me happy monday.... by canceling my debit card. THANKS! # they suck
Nice to see NCAA Women's Bball is as competitive as ever.  #U Conn #E S P N Tip Off
And she say I hurt her. Tuh
We don't have a thing to worry about. Obama says we're safe so you know it has to be true.
Did Kris Bryant win the NL Rookie of the year? Haven't heard anything.
Screw the beer - going straight to gin tonight. # thank so b am a #I Love My President # O b am a 2016
Let's all lose our shit and think Peyton Manning's career is over. It's not like he played hurt or anything.
Loud music and pond data statistics. My Monday night's better than yours.
Explain what makes you an adult.
Does anyone else love traffic like me or am I the only one??
We all wish we had Kris Bryant's hair and dreamy good looks.
Co pay ridiculous for my insulin. And # Sharp Rees Stealy # Sharp won't let doctors give out samples. So thanks #SRS for all your help
If you see someone yell Allah Akbar just ignore them since the REAL danger is climate change.
Boy, the # Buck eyes girls bball team looks great against UConn.
Now I have to check into jail at 8am every morning until they have room to put me in. Neato.
Eating then off to the next job…yay me
It's the absolute best not being invited to hardly anything just because you live half an hour away from everyone # bored all the time
It's totally normal for a 23 yr old to come home from work and put together a knee walker, right? # my awkward life # forever broken
#Im A Celeb lady c taking Tony's bed is not hypocritical at all
Guys David Luiz is safe thank goodness # sadness in his eyes
Just saw a squirrel get hit by a smart car. Poor little thing sprained his ankle.
I love the smell of burnt popcorn
I had a test today. Isn't that great for # mon day motivation ?
Imagine how good we'd be if we had UI team, we'd win the lot!! #COYBIG # g a w a
It's amazing how many political activists I apparently know. They're so clued up as well, not a misinformed opinion in sight.
those # t e s c o # c h r i s t m as ads are absolutely hilarious
Another clear, balmy afternoon in the city # Canada
Throw stones at every dog you see on the road to your detination. You will get there early.
Twitter is at its best during a crisis...
It's not like Da3sh started way back when in 2008 or Syria's war in 2011. This came out of nowhere. #السخرية
Murphy is the next messi  #Big Lump Of Shite #I R Ev B O S #COYBIG
So many foreign policy experts on my Facebook & Twitter now (lol)
Woke up at the wrong sude of the bed.... I slept at the right side then i woke up at the left ... # i m so funny *poker face*
Breaking News Report: Relationships Matter. # du h # next level mind set
vw is ready for pick up, ehhhh picking it up in the am tomorrow. lol don’t feel like driving halfway across the country today.
Only 5 questions of my accounting homework left and then I can do some more homework # ya y # i want to be done # three weeks left
I love companies that perpetuate fat shaming in our culture. I love being told my body is unattractive & undesirable.  #D O N Tgetfifi
You know its going to be a good day whem you get to work and your contact completely falls out never to be seen again....
Loving this start to my day!
We should lock Muslims up in concentration camps bc they're a detriment and danger to society! That worked in the past, amiright?!
Best start into new 6 weeks
Nice of the Bosnia fans to remain silent there!  #prayfor Paris
I think everyone is completely shocked that #Charlie Sheen is hiv positive
And in some of the least shocking news ever Charlie Sheen is HIV positive. Can't even imagine how that could be possible?
Not sure what's more shocking ISIS terrorists attack France or Charlie Sheen is HIV positive?
Hey ISIS, we're all terrified of you.
"Foreign Diplomats Agree to Timetable Syrian Ceasefire & Elections" because externally designed peace worked so well in the past.
So today is just running along AWESOMELY. # no p e # not at all
If you don't recognize , don't comment on my previous post.
It's not Russell's fault he can't throw to a moving reciever! It's their job to find the ball where ever it goes & catch it
Great first tournament with the team..
So, can we all agree that the source of all problems was Vernon Davis? 49 e r s undefeated since he left. #49 e r s #NFL
Always comforting seeing people wear medical masks at the airport
Just love it when my train has been cancelled especially in this weather! Merseyrail are the best company by far
Nothing I love more than listening to women in the mid 30s to late 40s talk about their black out, drunken weekend.
Our POS President at his finest these days.
Sam Bradford went down?! # Shocked #Not Really #Water Is Wet #No Shit
Then fail and watch your team disbaned, and then sell your spot in a year. NA is the best region for esports.
I'll hit you with  so bad, you'll wish you couldn't read!
CT Gov Malloy "We should be safe" regarding allowing Syrian refugees into CT. His confidence is VERY reassuring
Wow this wind is so great this morning.
I, for one, am glad to see that Michigan, who knows so much about the downtrodden, has decided to not help those in need.
Me ? I love animal : *set a dinner full of meat* dinnerrrrrr time
Rob Ryan will have a job 5 minutes after he is fired.
Thank goodness for generations past, who can let us useless babies know what is effing what.  #Feminism Benefits All
Haven't been on Twitter much today; so much else to do?! How's everyone favorite day of the week? (Monday) ? # g a m e d e v # i n d i e d e v
Yea thanks for the drink mum wasn't thirsty at all
Giving us free lunch for working OT. Is this the corporate version of "Will work for food?"
The terrorists might have coordinated through PSN. So it's Sony's fault now? Ban all videogames! # media watch #Paris Attacks
I am soooooo shocked Lawrence Taylor is defending Greg hardy.
Oh Monday you have really treated me well today # mon days hate me
Downed poles, trees, and traffic lights made for a wonderful drive to work. # late # traffic
lol, Everett Golson gets injured, has one bad game and he gets benched for it. You're really smart Floria State.
Listening to Hamlet rant is a very fun activity. # a y my lord
That joyful moment of biting into a cardamom while eating leftover Indian food... gee thanks dad...
Yay we get Gary and Verne for the Iron Bowl
My stomach hurts. Not sure if it's from the gluten, GMO's or glyphosate residue in the 1400 lbs of Halloween candy I've eaten
I love when people clap when they're talking. It really gets their point across
Well worth a hundred quid a month # northern rail
It's neat how major world events turn all your friends and family into experts on politics and foreign affairs. # facts vs opinions
Thanks #i O S9 for deleting my contacts, music & # g mail . But the # e m o j is & predictive texting sure make up for it. #case Of The Mondays
"As much as I would like to explain this to you again, I am fresh out of puppets and crayons"
Luckily, there are no civilians in Raqqa! # stop killing people
I don't need minorities to clean my house when I have been in cryo-sleep for 200 years when I have Codsworth # Fall out 4 # Loyalty
omg so you mean to tell me ratings are steady when the show focuses on the main couple?!? # shocked
I have really good luck, I promise. I'm very good at timing and love.
Me: Mom. I wanna go to a spa. Mum: A spa? What are u gonna do in a spa? Me: Eat grass
And a 12y old girl has been shot near my city when she was in a bus. Oh what a great year...
#BGSU football: SURPRISE!  ... Travis Greene named #MAC East Division offensive player of the week.
big props to the miami student for its riveting opinion article on "yik yak oppression"
If I say first of all , u r done !!
I'm so glad our president showed his solidarity w/France by releasing 5 gitmo prisoners. What a # d o u c he bag
Yes, my ADHD is definitely caused by me having step parents.
I'm emotionally constipated. I haven't given a shit in days. # pun # humour # wit # wit tycards # wit ty # too funny # funny shit # wt f # l ol
Boy, I sure do love it when Corey finds out AFTER going to work for the day that he's expected to stay hours late.  #I Do Not Love It
To those of you who voted for B Hussein.....thanks a lot. Your ignorance is so appreciated at this time in History.
# Alabama and # Michigan : Fighting the good fight against the # redneck # militia stereotypes.
so we'll just wait for them to come here. sounds intelligent enough.
Really? Attacking Republican presidential candidates at the G20 summit? Always classy and on point # Po t us . #ISIS
#Patanjali Atta Noodles after strong challenge to Lever,P&G,Nestle,IT consultancy Accenture,TCS,Infosys etc must be aware now :) :)
Am I the only one who waits the whole 20 seconds to stare at popover ad banners? # a r t a p p r e c i at ion
Favorite wakeup call? A pee-soaked spot in my bed. So awesome. # t odd le r was here #guesswewashbeddingtoday # c o s l e e p i n g w o e s # g r r r r
It's Monday. Kids in school. Laundry day and clean the house. Yay!
Plus, Trump, contradicts himself on France closing Mosques with radical leadership ties. That's intelligent.
Oh Monday's how I love you... # coffee #Pick Me Up # help
hey, ___! So nice of you to drop by. ;)
Love how you copied my senior pictures # be yourself
Why don't we let # climate change degrade and # destroy # is is # is i l # De ash ? # i t m or use #HAARP # weather as a weapon # snow them out
OMG!!! WE ARE READING #HEARTOFDARKNESS IN LITERATURE. # excited # best book ever
Chamber of Commerce weather here in Norman, America this morning
I just ran 3 miles before 0730. Woo making lifestyle changes because I've been a lazy mindless eating machine!!
Just love replacing school uniforms before Christmas.
Another wonderful work week has begun... # hate mon days # h a t e t u e s days # h a t e w e d n e s days # h a t e t h u r s days # hate f rid a y still 230
our run game is SO effective, I can't believe they didn't run it either!
Yay its Monday. Price changes here I come. #Work Day #Retail Life
Being # t rolled is quite a high.
Let's go to the dentist # Jo y
I have the coolest brother ever...  #LEVEL100
Awe what a god damn lovely day
Today just keeps getting better and better # f ml
6 inch gap between saree and Blouse is called "Culture". 1 inch gap between top and Jeans is called "Besharmi" # hypocrite # culture
After spending a week in Florida with temperatures in the 90s, it's great to be back in Pittsburgh with a temp of 35°
Mi gusta e mundo ki su logic, abo a bomb ami dus ami ta bomb abo. Thats one way to solve the problem
How to make your sucky day a good day: Almost drop your phone in the toilet!
Using more war to promote peace. That's not hypocritical at all.
#Jihadi Jez is trending, please stop it...I mean he's never sided with # terror ist before #Jihadi Jez #Jihadi Jez #Jihadi Jez
Hooray for the wonderfully organised train companies...
: because beating that crap out of fools is not legal.
This is incredible, in Andrew McLeod #Qand A has stumbled across the arbiter of all religious truth. What a find
Liking someone that doesn't like you back.. Best fucking feeling EVER!
Syrians getting free trips all over the world. What kindness exists today!
Thanks university for blessing me with the gift of a philsophy exam on my birthday # student life # study goals
Nothing better than a 530am airport taxi that oozes body odour.
I love being up 2 hours before I'm supposed to... It's so wonderful
I see West and Putin are buddies again. #G20 for the win!
Repeat this 100 times everyday: I Love Economics!!! ...... But it's finally not sounding like a foreign language. # Progress
The solution is clea r ly to bomb B r ussels!!! # r 4 today
The week is starting really great, just arrived at the train station and the train has 45 minutes delay... #Motivation Monday
because beating the crap out of people os illegal.
I'm just loving these rainy autumn mornings! # F in l and # A u t um n # November
When your uncle breaks your bed. #NICE.
Will TASMAC be open today... ? #Asking For A Friend #Please R T
When I see people attempting sensual moves to Dominican music, they're as good a saying "what has music got to do with dancing? "
My fever is 101.4. What an amazing night
But don't worry guys, he can "...make women moan with pressure simply by looking at them." So it's all good. # so bad its bad
Hello. My name is Ram and I have a band. It's called I'm A Star And All I Am Is Gas. We play Postshit. # in die k un die # hash g e e k
Look at Drew Stanton being a thug on the sidelines..
Almost got hit in the crosswalk walking to my car and twisted my ankle while hurrying out of the way. What a way to end the night.
Ok...so back to being positive... The sun shone today -_- # have to do better # i will win
Oh i just love how y'all love to tie God into materialistic things ...
Pelicans officially the worst team in the league. FIRE GENTRY! FIRE EVERYONE!
Yes doctor, a Tylenol might help...with a narcotic, heating pad, and at this rate - a glass of wine. # chronic illness # e h l e r s d an l os
Just had the "What does #IBD in medicine stand for?" question in Trivia Crack. I KNEW having # C r o h n s would come in handy one day!
Thank you TBS for cutting out the greatest scenes in We're the Millers. -_-
Love staying up for absolutely nothing.
It couldnt possibly have anything to do with refs screwing one team more than the other or one team losing a stud lineman #A Zvs S E A
And surprisingly #NASCAR calls the race with Jr in the lead... Hmm didnt see that comming
Clearly I didn't squander my semester.
Why don't we just review every single play. That would be the most fair!!! #NFL
Shockingly, Rondo did something smart and awesome.  #Hes Really Smart
(100 Days Until I'm 18) Day 34: Today my family decided to take pictures by a lake/large pond. I'm hydrophobic. It was so fun.
#NBA refs once again absolutely dominant in tonight's game. Love watching them just take over. This is what we all come to see.
Alex is superman! She reads minds! She knows stuff that the average human doesnt. No 1 in the FBI is as smart as her. # Q u antic o
Just what #Doctor Who needed, Blair Witch style POV shaky cam.
I have the best fiancé in the world  ?
Girls who pretend to act stupid because they think it's cute need to be slapped in the face with a brik 󾌦󾍃  — feeling annoyed
I laugh at my # Pakistani friends who changed their profile pictures fr #Paris Attacks these r the ones who celebrated 9/11 attacks.
: an increasingly misconstrued verbal construct designed to make people realize how stupid they're being; now being taken seriously.
Working life shall be cut short soon. Then its back to assignments and presentations and everything. Yay.. Can't wait.
Wow ... NFL Officials are doing an amazing job tonight #NFL #N F L Officials #SNF #Arizonavs Seawaks
Two minutes of race then ten minutes of commercials. #Love It  #NASCAR
Great night just got even better. Lol
Favorite part about engineering: Working on a group project for 4 hours and leaving at exactly the same point we started. # Help
Fantasy owners everywhere are loving that Seattle touchdown
Oh how I love group projects
What is great? What is great and truly great? Being sick for a week. Would recommend. # see what i did there
Wow I've never been more proud to be from Missouri than I have in the last year...
Never trusted Arthur. Now he is just backstabbing everyone. Truly a great leader.  #Once Upon A Time
Man, # dicks her man having a rough game. Such a nice guy too...shame. #go Cardinals
Yay! My ceiling is leaking again! Oh how I love torrential rain
Damn!! Rocket launchers!! Just what Abraham needs.  #The Walking Dead
You know what this ep of # the walking dead is missing??? Commercials # enough
The best analysts in the world are the ones that never did it!
was Russell Wilson "at or near" the goal line? maybe it's not a safety. Are the officials sure? Maybe they should review it
We are about halfway through a fuel run... :-)
This race pace sure is slow and everybody is still side-by-side.
also i'm so excited that i'm going to drop like a hundred dollars on a winter coat and shoes
Just because Paris is a awesome country compare to country in Middle East. #thanksfortheeiffeltower
My boyfriend & this Hawks game. #Woo Hoo #Go Hawks
Post purge nausea = the best.
#Black Lives Matter & # M i z z o u "victims" are correct. # Paris deaths were a distraction. Anyone who can't see it is obviously a racist.
I just love spending 2 and a half hours waiting on my family to go to dinner.
thanks mom, that made my day so much better.
What a great day. Packers lose. Badgers struggling against Siena.
There's the Bernier we have grown to love and adore # l e a f s
So Twitter got the #Pray For Syria movement going on... Yeahhh lets pray for the terrorist training camp that was bombed
"I need a snowflake on my cup to get to heaven." # overheard in a bar #Starbucks Red Cup
Can't wait for the Hawks game...and all of the Comcast cable interruptions...
Got a pedicure. The woman BUTCHERED the bottom of my foot (like open sores) - Good thing I'm not walking through theme parks soon.
Dungy & Harrison's advice is wht everyone has done: "attack Cary Williams. what do they know tho? Williams is having a fine season.
We are happy till we have last fuelwood left to cook our last meal, GoN can sleep till that time.  #wakeup Nepal
Yeah because using violence to fight against violence has always been a great fucking idea.  #Pray For Syria #Prayers For The World
Leafs scored first... Rangers have potential to lose after a 8 win streak... Let's all line up to jump off the nearest bridge...
gostkowski is not even a real football player
At least the patriots won't be mad when the bills play them.
Brady can never win without his kickers!
Look at that thug Brady celebrating...
The announcers are so happy that the patriots just won
Good teams like the Patriots and Lions know how to win these types of games...
Nice when good things happens to good people. # Pat riots
Big up France for adding more fuel to the fire!
Las cosas que me pasan... I wonder how many calories I burn when I run away from my problems. # gotta smile
Santos missed!!!! Cut him! The bum. # c h i e f s v bronc os # foot fell off
I can already tell this week is going to be just great
I can't believe France bombed those innocent civilian ISIS Camps! Dey dindu nuffin, needed bombs for dem programs #Pray For Syria
THE BRONCOS SCORED!! We are back baby! # wt f bronc os
Jimmy G to start next week. Tommy boy just lost this game his time is done.
Well, Osweiller is definitely playing better than Peyton... Can't wait for all the drama to come this week after this game..
Bombing syria.I'm sure this is the time we will actually win this endless war.  #Pray For Syria
I'm so glad all of the the Muslims came out bringing flowers and condemning #ISIS attacks on # Paris unbelievable! not a word
#A Zvs S E A TONIGHT. If my #A Z Cardinals lose tonight, it's because the gods hate me. And because Obama. Cuz he's a Muslim and stuff.
How do you train for a ladder match? Fall off ladders of course
White House is lit up for leftist liberal agendas but not to show solidarity with France. Color me surprised.
Hotel for Saturday night is 139$ on website... Called for bell employee rate... 159$. Sweet discount!
Sanders sure looked like he was able to protect himself.
When your boyfriend chooses his friends of you. That's the greatest feeling ever.
Imagine the massacre in Paris had # O b am a not "contained" ISIS. # t h e r e a l d o n a l d trump
man not my week again! hahahha I jst laugh. first Rhonda now the pats WHOOOHOO! LETS GO fuck it uppppp whooooooo
Elway should hire ShannonhAn to pull Peyton and put in Brock..  the only way to keep the sky is falling Broncos fans happy
About to do laundry, Party Time ..... .
Why is it so hard for #NFL teams to find good coaches? There's a ton on Twitter, just look! # couch coach # bench manning
Having....well, it isn't "fun"....with trying to set up tubeless tires today. # tube less tires
Oh this #N F Lon C B S coverage is totally not biased at all!! #Patriots Nation #N Evs N Y G
So you're telling me a shooting happened in a place where there is a ban on firearms? I don't understand. Liberals, please explain
Supergirl the tv show looks amazing.
What better way to kill time during this Vikings-Raiders game than showing Super Bowl XI highlights.
Such a high-scoring game for the Cowboys today... So proud to be a cowboys fan  #Still Love Them
Good news is we have as many 1st downs as interceptions # Broncos
Well my day is going great
Our first round pick looks good # Giants # fire re e se
The world seems a far less safe place than it was before the war on terror. It's generated more hate & more terrorists, good work!
Good to see you're still as mature as you were in high school. Way to grow up and act like an adult.
Well I totally didn't predict that....  #Im A Celeb
Can't wait to get to work tomoro, love Mondays.... Ffs
I'm really happy to see #UNC is still bad from the FT line...
Tremendous play be an $8 million/year safety there.
Please give me more “The last time the Lions won at Lambeau…” facts. I can’t get enough. #G Bvs Det # Packers
Tomorrow's gonna be a great day at work. I'll get to hear how great the Hawks are and how the packers shit the bed.
This weekend: Temple Basketball - Loss Temple Football - Loss Eagles - Loss # what a time to be alive
#Secret Historyofthe British Garden Oh yay more posh peoples gardens. #Monty Don  What about the flaming rest of us?
Phil Simms will grace us with this great football knowledge today
In positive news, I'm going to the # S i x e r s game tomorrow night
DJ Hayden just headed to the locker room. And takes # R a i d e r s hopes with him.
Well... I guess he can stay... #JAGUARS # never doubted you Jason Myers # g o j a g s
This will be a fun postgame locker room. Really looking forward to it. # Packers #D E Tvs G B
Dom with the great defensive play calling as usual.
Nice throw there Sanchez. That's why Chip kept you and cut Tebow. # intercept ion
If you read a Facebook or Twitter "news" article, it's probs 100% all true. Bc the news never lies. You should totes repost it.
Thanks Dez for catching that ball!
You're a fuck boy if you actually thought I didn't know that it's Ouija Board, not Luigi board. Guess ill need to add  now on.
Thank God France has gun control because if any of those victims defended themselves, things could've been so much worse
Where are all the Cassel lovers telling me how awesome he is now? 6 points against the Buccaneers. Impressive. . #Cowboys Nation.
Yeah yeah yeah it must be soooo difficult for you judges #X Factor
Oh, a Bush wanting to declare war. Didn't see that one coming
When uninformed "celebrities" decide to weigh in on terrorism Hmm, Original. Why didn't we consult you sooner?  #Stand With Paris
Blake Bortles has grown up a lot this game  how many times can you say that in one game
I think I'm going to stop covering this team. I don't know what's happening anymore. Jeff Heath making two INTs to save the season?
Wow our line is just so amazing!
Cam Erving looks like a stud to me.
powerful display of offense going on in Tampa Bay right now. # do not miss it #Bucsvs Cowboys #Romocannotgetbackfastenough # next week
Or not that's totally fine too. #D E Tvs G B
Sam Bradford got hurt. Didn't see that coming # Eagles
Kids today have it so bad. So what if you got drafted into the military the real problem is my phone charger isn't long enough.
That # C level and o-line must be the greatest ever to NOT hold that entire time. #C L Evs P I T # r e f s suck
Finally checking in on the # Eagles game. Just in time to see Bradford get injured. Cool. Today is turning out to be super awesome.
Keep hanging the ball off that seems to have been working all game # Titans
Sooo... I guess it's safe to assume Rhonda lost?  #Timeline Flooded
They converted on 3rd & 16? I'm shocked.
That beautifully thrown ball that Tannehill just threw that was dropped by Stills, is Tannehill's fault.
Well, clearly Aaron Rodgers is finished and needs to retire. #Bench Rodgers #PFM # Broncos # Broncos Country
Nice strong play by Fasano on a crucial 3rd down # Titans
Taking important, must-have plays out of Drew's hands is ALWAYS a good call. # saints
Hi tweet... I want asam pedas ikan kembung... Can u recomfirm back that every request for food can be realize # t roll
At least Ronda was super humble and didn't talk shit...
This new emphasis has made basketball way more fun to watch. # free throws # w his t les
So we cut Bennett and Forte now right?  <~~ I shouldn't have to put that but yeah you know.
If you love the Philippines, please change your DP with Alma Moreno's photo. #Pray For Ph #Pray For Alma Moreno
Best officiating we've had in years
The west bomb countries, they bomb us. Some fantastic people in power who are deciding the ordinary men/women/children's fate.
Steelers don't play dirty at all
3 point vs the Lions? ... Shocker  #Go Pack Go
Questionable at best face mask call. # Steelers
THANK YOU SNAPCHAT FOR NOT SHOWING ANY OF THE GOPHER SCORES
Because nothing says, "I'm cool" quite like posting pictures on social media of doing drugs.  #Say No To Drugs #No Wonder You Dont Have A Job
Kyle Wilson!!! A defensive play! # Saints #N Ovs W A S
things that make me cry: -math -people -actually basically everything idk why i started making a list
another great play call by scott linehan
This has been a very offense-filled first quarter. # p a c k e r s #G Bvs D E T
Yay!! I got scheduled for 6 out of 7 days on the week of thanksgiving!! :-)))))
It's the Andre Proulx show.. starring everyones favourite ref Andre Proulx.... >.< #CFL # Argos # Ti cats
Thanks CBS. I really want to watch Denver and Kansas City this afternoon over the Patriots and Giants. # n f l
Nothing I love more than coming home from church, turning on the TV, and finding out Jeff Triplette is reffing the Rams game.
Yeah. John Fox is such a genius. I'm astonished by his brilliance.
LIKE #OMG 5/5 OF THE GRISWOLDS FOLLOW ME #ATTENTION #LOOKATME #BITCHBETTERHAVEMYMONEY #GETONMYLEVEL  #HASHTAGS
Lions off looks well prepared coming out if the bye week watch out nfl # shit team # s t a f f o r d s u c k s
Can the Redskins bring back Chad Morton in place of Rashard Ross?
I have particular set of skills. Unfortunately  isn’t useful in a rescue situation.
Big Ben coming in. What a hero!
I'm assuming the LBs and secondary were asleep then!
Great start to the game. # saints
Johnny Football off to a good start.  #Browns Vs Steelers
Bears defense looking good so far.
Time to active my ddsing bomb to rekt DS and HC.
Well that was exciting wasn't it?  #Sky F1 #Brazil G P
We should totally commit genocide on an entire religion! # eye roll # who else tried that # hit le r did
It's game day and a beat up secondary should be good
The QB matchup we ALL anticipated: Johnny Football vs Landry Jones. #Air Raid # b r owns # s t e e l e r s
The sickness when ur whole body aches and you cannot get outta bed, that's some good shit. # dying
So one of the terrorists entered France as a refugee! Shocking !! Who would have thought that could happen !! #Paris Attacks
This dude vaping in Meijer is by far the coolest guy I know
I’m going to vote for Alma Moreno if she decides to run for a senate seat in 2016.
we got a brand new logo, hell yeah!!
Previous govt. was corrupt this one is communal. #Sab Mile Hue Hain Ji #Ab Tu Hi Sahara
Apparently half the world called Holm to beat Rousey, that's why the odds were so short!  #UFC193
I've been so productive the whole day
3/70+ pages read! Woooo productive as usual!!! :)))
Great. Flight delayed, will miss connection. Rebooked on later flight. Even more time dressed up in the airport. Yay.
I think it's cute how my mom thinks it's ok to call me at 9am
Cleaning carpets for Mom today, fun!
I woke up thinking about my resume. YAY *0/*
hmmm i wonder who won that Rousey v Holm fight ... # we get it
I love when I can't sleep
Did I mention how getting off work at 3am from one job & having to be at the other at 6am is one of my favorite things to do?
He caught me staring at him and dedma lang siya.
Love it when you can hear the couple downstairs have morning giggles when they've just woken up. Yeah, it's so cute...
People are concerned about #Paris Attacks because two important things they use r # French # French Kiss # French Leave #My Thoughts
2 weeks almost to the day and # little p u g is little has woken up sick. So this is fun # lots of p o o p
Be half wreckless. That's the way to achieve your goals! No excuses! # M o t i v at ion
How can members of # Congress live on #Minimum Wage # Salaries of $174,000 per year? That's only $90.63 per hour! #This Is An Outrage!
Having # friends will make you more # creative . is considered a # brain stimulant. # science # psychiatry # Humanity # mood
Well that was a amazing party had so much fun # not # sausage f est # lots of hoes
Can feel already today's going to be an absolute wank day # great start to the morning # why
Surprise surprise - it's raining in Sydney!
In a bad mood, but at least I'm on back shift islife # bad mood # not surprising
Well I'm sure glad we could make AZ season a success.... we need a 1/2 decent QB. # g o u t e s #U T A Hvs A Z # p a c 12
Oh my gosh Gwen and Blake on The Voice and then there's Adam.
0.5% service tax more and 6 months ago they increased by 14% good job by govt
Man, I'm so upset that Holy Holm has stolen the media attention from my Hogs. # M i z z o u :) #A R Kvs L S U
How great is it that our society has so much positive focus on violence .really.  incase you're too stupid.
Man I just love it when I have a mini existential crisis right before bed # please mind # not tonight # anxiety
Guys if it were targeting, then Pac-12 refs would've made the right call...
I guess the Rousey-Mayweather fight won't happen now. Sh*t.
We all know MMA is fixed and they only did this to get rematch money!! #If This Were Boxing
Yall must be soo deep in.
I just love when I can smell someone's cigarette smoke from my window
So in Florida I'm officially 27, but back home in Chicago I'm still 26 for another half hour # Birth day # Florida # Chicago
Sure a woman that nearly destroyed a Fortune 500 company & cost my aunt a job would be a better president over someone like Bernie.
You're so deep and intellectual. Please, share your insight with the world....
Holy shit didnt c that coming they found an attackers passport  #Paris Attacks
It's 11pm on a Saturday night and I'm coloring. Sometimes my life is too crazy to handle!
I think the official should be penalized for leaping onto the pile late. Clearly the runner was down #W S Uvs U C L A # ejection
I love how Elkton involves the school of tech kids. We've been to all the senior meetings, fun events, & we know all the news
I just love my job # will work for food
Those plastic patio chairs on the floor look really comfortable!  #UFC193
Milan Lucic scored the 3rd # Kings goal ...I guess #HNIC should pay tribute to him more often #Future H H O Fer
Wow I was so wrong about Iowa I mean wow what a impressive 40-35 win over a fantastic Minnesota team. I guess Iowa should be #1 now
An Art Briles program is doing bush league things? No way!
I love when no one is at the bar cause Ho-Tai plays 60s music ALL NIGHT LONG.
Spending the night home with my computer in front on my face has been a blast. # senior # school # o v e r w h e l m e d # almost done
Baylor is doing my FAVORITE uniform thing tonight - the names on the back that you can't read. Love that.
I always knew Dirk and Parsons held Raymond Felton from flourishing last year! RayRay....You the Real MVP  but for reals though
It honestly doesn't get any better than having your cat sleep at your feet and your dog sleep right beside your face # s q u i shed
Love seeing the # m i z z o u players surrounding and supporting their coach.
I love doing fuck all on Saturday nights
From bliss to stress in 3.5 hours. It's so good to be home.
Can't wait til we don't have to see these Helfrich coached teams anymore. # fire hel f rich
When they say "I hope you're happy." But you know they don't # is peak it fluently
ROTB ends at a cliff hanger. 1st Halo 5 and now this. Thanks for treating us to a satisfying story. # video games # l a r a c r oft
PM Oli, it was wonderful decision to provide wood at Rs 15/kg. When are u providing bullock carts for transportation?  #Wake Up Nepal
Thank God we get campaign commercials since we are playing Iowa. Really looking forward to more of those.
Second time the gov'nur has been shut out for a commercial. Conspiracy? #Dem Debate
Thanks #AT&T for sending out a tech to totally botch our # U verse setup. # not cool # see you soon
That first fight didn't even totally suck at ALL. # u f c 193
Did republicans end financial aid #Dem Debate
Maybe we could all just sell candy bars to pay for college like we did for middle school band trips? #Dem Debate
#Democr a tic Deb a te "Should we dis a rm the police in cities where tensions a re high so Bl a ck's c a n feel s a fe from them?" #2 a
I'm freaking out about the next few weeks in my head but on the outside I'm completely calm & collected. #Totally Not
That k id on stream was just intelligent wasn't he! # To tin os 50 k
Glass-Steagal an arcane discussion? No...  #Dem Debate
Pass and run has a higher success possibility than a sack #Go Ducks
A debate or football? Tough choice.
It's Saturday night...and I'm watching the #DemocraticDebate...how cool is that?
Big 12 officials doing a great job in the mizzou/BYU game
I thought LSU was good. TxTech beat Arkansas, yeah there is no SEC bias.
Ronda Rousey going down tonight!!!! # l ol l y pop pin #Baddest Woman On The Planet # Ti p
I'm calling for a minimum wage of $150/hr and everyone who disagrees hates the poor. There, I said it. #Dem Debate
The 2 best teams in Canada r taking a Break from hockey #NHLHABS #NHLJETS they will be back just don't know when...  #GOJETSGO
Wait. You mean to tell me that if people have money they will spend money? Inconceivable!
Why stop at $15 per hour minimum wage? why not raise it to $100 and give everyone 1 month off? #Dem Debate
Low wages creates jobs. Now a lot of people have 2 or 3. # feel the be r n # d em debate
RT MakeThisLookAwe: julianna12369 Next time you may want to hashtag with # l ol . We can't hear through text, ya know? # l ol
Frankly, what we need is new legislation and reform on current legislation. That will certainly fix things. #Dem Debate
Always cool when people try and make unauthorized transactions for $300 at Best Buy with your account... # so annoying
#Bernie Sanders would take all of your money and give it to me! That's the president I want!
I hate it when Anae calls running plays on 3rd down all the time.
Do you believe the #Dem Candidates will lower health insurance costs? Worked really well w ObamaCare!
So...you're telling me Sanders thinks Reaganomics didn't work?! #Dem Debate # needed to light en the mood
Oklahoma sure has some classy individuals on their team.
This game is going great so far! # S o o n e r s
Yes an unmanned platform with a tacnuke is definitely what is needed #Dem Debate # t y t live
I wish they would give Hillary a chance to talk.
Wow, they're debating semantics now! So much substance here  #Dem Debate
Yes, the evils of the world are to be blamed on Hillary. Bernie never voted for all resolutions leading up to Iraq #Dem Debate
Flight is delayed for an hour, welcome to MNL! Hahahhaa  #leaving M N L #airasia P H
So... Climate change is responsible for terrorism... Not radical Islam... Thanks for the tip Bernie. # d em debate
The fight we've ALL BEEN WAITING FOR!!! Jake Matthews vs Akbar Arreola will round off the prelims
Disregarding cultural and historical problems yeah it's totally Bush's fault. # de de bate
#Liberal Media softball questions to open #Dem Debate.
Nice intro aka the Hillary fest # bias #Dem Debate
Well our basketball team looks promising # h o k i e s
Was there a half marathon today in Richmond? I don't think I saw enough pictures.
Mark Richt has totally lost control of this LSU team. :)
Wow, # Arkansas looks like the #2 ranked team in country! #L S Uvs B A M A
Well, the Republicans have responded to the #Paris Attacks with their usual calmness and reason.
Obviously you can see that my contemporary art degree was totally worth it by my fabulous drawing skills # everyone love a stickman
Can't wait until I'm like my dad, afraid to pinch and zoom, tab & swipe. So much fun to look forward to. # technology # g r and parents
When there is nothing to do # fun
OMFG IM SO HAPPY, like omfg. I have to post how happy I am. S O H A P PY.
Have to work and then none of the family will be in the same place. Thanksgiving is really shaping up to be spec-freaking-tacular.
Oh good....Matt Millen on #BTN. # Really
I had no idea so many Midwestern Americans were Islamic studies scholars.
Great day 2 of road trip and its raining .... YAY
Laying in my bed. Eating cake. Thinking about my lack of money. Watching # G e or die shore . Life is good.
love being told when family is in town. LOVE IT. .
My baby sis is at a birthday party. My middle sis is going to go to formal. And I get to hang out w/my parents tonight. #Lucky Me
Lets re-think immigration, unless their white, because we know white people don't harm others
#IU offense much more entertaining than # P u r due offense
Great start for the LSU offense.
Oscar-worthy build up movie for Rousey vs Holm # wt f #UFC193
I saw a man outside getting attacked & chased by a bear. Instead of helping him I locked my door and windows & sent prayers
OK, secular world. We won't # pray for # France , instead we'll put a flag on our profile and that will make a huge difference. # pray
Sarcastic remarks on life will return as soon as I'm done being a sour yuzu # comedy
What's a bye week? Who needs a bye week?  lol good win fellas, thank you #Big Red Nation for joining us on the East Coast!! #GBR
You know, I think Indiana should run the ball a little more.
And how her only way of putting me down is bring up my 21st birthday and one other time... Ya she totally is raising Bella
This never happened under Hoke.  #Go Blue
Oh man, what a delightful past 24 hours.
When all else fails, take a pic showing your ass ladies. That's how you'll find a husband on social media!!
Nice fake PI call didn't help that drive out at all tho...
I guess the cinema world was just itching for a new # Frank en stein movie
#T M L Talk. People are taking about reducing the size of the equipment and nets. Well, how about we make the puck smaller?
It is a free world, do whatever you like.!!! but make sure others like it too.....!!! .
i would like to thank my head for hurting everyday of my life. Your consistency is appreciated.
That last tweet should've had a  hashtag.
if it make yall feel any better , we been smoking since this morning , you might have a slight chance of not passing out first
I love staying cooped up in my house over the weekend working on a paper
Verne and Gary are so entertaining  #B A M Avs M S S T #Roll Tide
Sick, tired, hungry, sleepy.... Great day!
Ogah's pressure probably prevented a deep TD pass. But, no, he's not one of the nation's best defensive players.
just sent in my app to Southwestern college uff I hope they accept me
I think UMich fans should be ashamed of all the empty seats at #M I C Hvs I N D game.
In an 8-team playoff, OK State would be in with wins over Baylor and OU regardless of what happens today. Can't wait for that day.
I mean, yeah, I definitely thought the "black kids" totally ran the school and kept the "white kids from learnin'."
What a fun race Kyle Busch made the Xfinity race today #NXS # Phoenix
Kyle Busch wins a THRILLINGLY NXS race at PIR. # N as car
Didn't realize you could only pray for one problem at a time... # side eye
Vancouver has some bad drivers, but apparently it is always the careless pedestrians who don't follow the rules.
Ooh I'm getting a lot of texts right now
wow I wish everyone in my dorm would be loud as fuck today.
Dang, look at all that elite young talent on UW making plays. Such a great defense  #UW #ASU
There is nothing I love more than waiting in a public restroom, while my 6 year old boy poops and sings. #Dad Life
Still waiting Hermes seriously no need to rush I'm in no hurry to receive my parcel that I've spent good money on, take your time
Let it go down to 1 second and then throw that on 4th and 1 at midfield? Makes sense.
Don't forget to change your profile picture, white people died today. # hypocrites # f a c e b o o k i s r a c ist
Georgia May Jagger. Nice to see an ugly bird getting on in the world of fashion without a hint of nepotism in sight.
Why don't we put in Reese Phillips, I swear to god.
Most women desire smone who makes them laugh nd also feel safe..So basically a Clown Ninja lol
ND move up to 2 with it's big win today?
So glad I have people I can depend on.
"Lets go get a drink from Starbucks." "But baby they have RED CUPS!!!!!!" # makes me laugh # silly h us b and
This is terrible, you guys. Why didn't anyone warn me? #Terminator Genisys
10 hr day with no breaks, equals fat swollen feet, and a sharp pained back... yay me... ..
Commentator on ESPN/ABC has just a wee-IU bias.  #Big Ten #Go Blue
Deafened by the thunder of # Muslim condemnation of the #Paris Attacks cowards? # is l am
Deafened by the thunder of # Muslim condemnation of the #Paris Attacks cowards? # wishful thinking
Play Action inside the 10 to the tight end works. Shocking!  #BBN
Big 12 is showing well today!!
Bobby Williams writing his own check, now. #B A M Avs M S S T #Roll Tide
Review that. The kick was good.
A "ranty" blog will sound WAY different written. In # video , can come through. (I need to keep this top of mind.) #M N Blog Con :)
Being lied to is the greatest thing ever
I mean I can understand hating the French; who doesn't? But that may have been a tad excessive. #Paris Attacks # par is # par is burning
And....UNC just scored too. Great. This academic scandal has obviously taken its toll.
Kudos to the person yelling "what was that, dumbass?" at a high school game. You're winning at adulthood.
I, too, blame modern technology for terrorism. Like crypto, they could've never made it as far w/o electric light. BAN ALL LIGHT!
I love scrolling down my newsfeed and seeing all these profile changes.
Haha "Big daddy" and its a small pony. So hilarious.  #M L P Season5
I love how broadcasters explain in detail how to make a explosive # c n n # really ? Just tell other crazy a how to do it
Just been called "proper classy" because i've walked in the living room drinking beer with a bottle of wine under my arm # lucky man
Wow.. Really glad we've voted to keep Max and not Seann # x factor # bored
Porn hub said they have experienced a huge dip in traffic since the release of Fallout 4. That's got to just be a coincidence.
Love the fact that im getting loads of random people calling my phone due to the fact some fucker giving my number out to people
Genius call by Schottenheimer to push the play to the center of the field, setting up the field goal.  #Schott Caller
We lost # c o r t a c a , can you see my surprised face? # oops
I'm sure that IS is reading your # peace in par is hashtags and reconsidering their whole agenda.
I guess it's better to let 4 million people be slaughtered in a war zone than allow one bad person into your country. Smh.
You might have to go to church or talk to a believer instead of Starbucks to hear the Gospel. Imagine that!
Texans Rule Out DE Jadeveon Clowney (Back) and CB Kareem Jackson (Ankle) vs. Bengals, I'm shocked
The Goofmart Authorities put up holiday decorations in the store. I'm now overwhelmed with holiday spirit.
Wow didn't today start off nice
Yeah let's bomb more Muslims because that's how you solve the problem.  Mission: Find all non-white Muslims and kill them.
Love working weekends! 8:30-18:0 today followed by 8:30-21:00 tomorrow :)
I love being sick, especially when my nose is a mucus volcano.
Here's the Golson we all know and love # ma g u ire please
This is definitely one of the things I love more than anything else
Let's hope this incoming recruiting class has 20 Devin Smith's otherwise the Buckeyes will suck.  #OSU #BUCKS
Thank you, Republicans, for once again being the embodiment of taste, compassion and enlightenment in these dark times.
I love the play by play bitching by buckeye fans on Twitter. # buck eyes
That girl on # catch phrase isnt annoying at all
Well today is shaping up to be a great day
Chicken is better than that chick who said she will die for U!Chicken actually died for U hey enjoy your #KFC meal # dinner # bi r y ani
If you denounce silly ideas that people hold dear to themselves, you're a big meanie and should be ostracized. Also u lack sympathy
Sure am glad Cardale got replaced...
Good punt. InB4 "even Niswander would kick further than that."
This Michigan State team definitely looks like a "playoff" team, and a team that totally "dominated" a better Michigan team.
I bet Isis is looking at all the social media outrage amd hashtags like # pray for par is and regretting what they've done.
I see that our offense is looking just spectacular today
poppin flu pills like it's nobody's business & just generally having the weekend of my life
Been compared to a shitty ex makes me feel proper fantastic
# India should start the concepts of two #Prime Minister One For International & One For Local :P #Awarapan Banjarapan ;)
Good plan so far. Don't give it to Samuels.
If you can't remember to do something simple maybe you should go without. I shouldn't have to change my plans when you forget. # Men
Has anyone blamed the Jews yet? #Paris Attacks #Париж
Alright, here's my conspiracy: Dantonio wants people talking about Cook/O'Connor instead of the recruiting woes.
Man what a great start to the game.!!!
Besides doing overtime at work, today has been spent writing a whopping 800 words!
Could do with a drop of rain here in South Monaghan # that is all
I am so good at betting
RT to vote.. Nice way of getting RT mate
If you offer to take me out of myself, I'll want to know where we're going # daily # one liner # witty # joke
So when does Obama start making arrests of Syrian ISIS refugees here in the U S?
Time to post about tragedy to get likes to make myself happy
Will this affect house prices in the UK? # J us k asking #Paris Attacks
ITS THE MOST. WONDERFUL TIME. OF THE YEAAAAAR. #SDCC #S D C C Pre Reg
Going to pick black walnuts with my mum and her friend from work. Oh, what fun!
When will there be a Candle lighting ceremony in Karachi?  #Candle Mafia
Hardcore study time. Phone across the room and silence. Just me and my book, notes, and flashcards. # n e u r o p s y c his fun
A # cat in a box. What else could you possibly want out of life? # humor
Shooting people lying down and people in wheelchairs. What brave soldiers they are, what a bold cause they stand for.
News: "The politicians condemned the terror" NO! Really??? You don't say! *faints bc who could have expected THAT?!?*  #Paris Attacks
Have a mentioned that my primary language is ?
As if I forgot my contact lenses. This day is off to a great start
Loving all the heart warming reactions from those using the disaster in # Paris to serve their self righteousness. # disgusted
Who cares what happend in Paris, last I checked the French were white. # M i z z o u #Paris Attacks
Must be nice to be perfect in order to be in a position to criticise and judge others.
I wonder why terrorists carry their identities while carrying out a suicide attack?
#Bal Narendra if u dne with ur fantasies of wrld tour ,fancy dress n gifts exchange with who's who cn we get PM of india back ?
That’s the spirit Negative Georgia Fan! Flex those whiny muscles on social media for all the world to see!
Nothing says good morning & have a great day like waking up to a nasty message on the whiteboard.
Way to make the US response to the Paris attacks a partisan issue,Tom Ridge.
Just do as I say... #Make Peace In5 Words
Good to see # Baylor fans showed up for #Game Day really helps the image problem # Big 12 is having...
#Prem Ratan Dhan Payo is such an amazing movie and should be qualified as India's entry to Oscars.  PS : Mommy liked it. #Salman Fan
Isnt this a wonderful night to fuck up? Lol
If there are a few rotten apples. you should cut down the whole tree. because no one likes the good apples.  I hate people.
Why are no laws against explosives and Kalashnikovs in Paris!? Maybe they need to establish more # gun free zones ? # Paris attacks
my friend does the same but I let it slide cause I come from a family of officers # nose in the air # alma mater
Nothing more awesome than being wide awake at 4:25 am on a Sunday morning. # woo h o o
Brandon's snapchat stories from last night are so easy to read..
I have a question, How come #ISIS never attacks # Israel ? #Paris Attacks #Pray For Peace
Remember, it's only a small percentage of Muslims who ate violent.
dinner vid queen is patriotic who colonise India 4 350 yrs but secular internationalist tipu sultan who fought against dem is bigot
Why did the duck cross the road? To prove he wasn't chicken!! # ha ha # so much pun # funny # humour # quirk y # graphic design # ill us t rator
Why did the rubber chicken cross the road? She wanted to stretch her legs # p u n s # chicken # ill us t rator # quirk y # funny # ha ha # humor
BREAKING: The President's trip to the G-20 has been postponed. AF1 wheels-up for Las Vegas because... #Terrorist Attack Protocol
So shocked ISIS is behind the terrorist attacks in Paris. # terrorists #religionofpeacestrikesagain
I love # Animals .... # Eating them... # Wearing them.... Putting them in you cages and staring at them.... # Zoo #SuckIt Zoo
Oh hey lookie, Ao drew a smiling-Libera. Ao didn't bully Libera. Praise Ao.
Asheville fall mornings are so lovely and warm # its freezing
Yes bc killing a bunch of innocent followers of a faith bc a radical group abuses that faith in terrorist attacks makes TOTAL sense
Wilfred Zaha and Jason Puncheon seem like a barrel of laughs don't they.  #soccer A M
I think the Paris attackers are basically peace loving citizens. They have just selected a wrong path #Paris Attacks
Saturday, 6 pm. and I am still stuck in the lab. -.- # happy weekend
" # H ol l and e should invit e oppon e nts to # M i n s k . P e ac e is mor e important than r e v e ng e ": mor e #Ukrain e tw e e ps wak e up to pour on # Paris
Time to get some sleep again. Thanks, insomnia, for keeping me up...
nothing better than waking up at 4 am on a Saturday just because.
Oh yes I very much enjoy answering 200 Qs in 3-4 hours on a Saturday (:  -.-
Yes, blaring dubstep and drunk yelling is exactly what I wanted to fall asleep to at 2:30am. Thank you neighbors
SC shows me how classy some people really are
Looooove people who think an album is more important than the tragedies going on right now  #Pray For Paris
Maybe we could all come together and hug this out?! A lot of minds have changed last night.  #Paris Attacks #Paris Shooting
Good job on op e n bord e rs #EU, # M e r k e l , # H ol l and e . L e t mor e p e opl e in indiscriminat e ly, k e e p m e ddling in Middl e East. # Paris attacks
The president of Iran has condemned the Paris attacks. Yep, those Muslims are all working together....
I love leaving work after midnight and then going in at 8 am the next morning # fuck my life
how did I gain followers? easy. twitter was built for the sarcastic dark-witted comments from a genuine geek # salty # n e r d # witty
The terrorists were not Muslims. They were shouting, "God save the Queen" not "Allahuakbar" during the attack.
getting the teen up for work on a Saturday is always a joy
It's kind of reassuring when I see my friends in the Philippines marking themselves as 'safe from Paris attack.'
I'm sure ISIS was just terrified over Obama's speech tonight Probably thought he was going to issue another red line SCARY # Paris
I'm sure ISIS was absolutely terrified over Obamas speech tonight Probably thought he was going to issue another red line # Paris
But just remember guys, Islam is peaceful religion. Make sure all the families with dead members know that.
Did anyone inform ISIS that they did not attack in Paris? #Barack Obama said today they are contained. #Paris Attacks
burst pipe, flooded kitchen, & stinky water: # t g if
I have such good fucking friends
I swear to god, we harbor some of the most fucking ignorant & close-minded people ever. #God Bless America # ignorance is bliss
#Paris Attacks Paris news media: Now lets not get to hasty w/ our condemnation. # un believable Second only to liberal US media.
I love it when pastors use tragedy as a time to fuel the flames of hate. Because that's *exactly* what Jesus would do.
When you comment on someone's tweet & they clearly didn't like your comment because they unfollow you. # mature
Wisconsin basketball lost its first game. Must mean Big 10 is overrated. # narrative
"How many words can u rhythm with bitch" -Keaton # l u v it
Boy that # Muslims hash tag sure is popular I'm sure it's filled with polite and thoughtful tweets about Islam and ppl who follow it
Oh anxiety... You make my life fantastic...
# Islam # Muslims It's a religion of peace...
My game is so strong, I could tell people I own a # beach house in # a r i z on a and people would ask when they could stay the weekend.
I'm such a great ib student completing a chemistry lab at the very last minute!1!
Take solace # B e r g d ah l is safely tucked in his bed tonight as Obama reminds how well #ISIS has been 'contained'! #Paris Attacks
I noticed the # Il l in i really like to play defense.
Pick your act up Smithy :p
Global warming is OBVIOUSLY the greatest threat we face!....
Jumping around news channels, instead of actually covering Paris, Fox critiques Obama's speech... # real news
I love being in Sing and SO so you run between the 2 and wind up in 0/1000000 pics taken and posted
You know what the world needs right now? Nationalism and religion.
Homework on a Friday night # grad problems # super fun # hubby is sleeping # just me and my lap top — feeling annoyed
Remind me again how many civilians in Paris carry weapons for protection? #ABC2020 # gun control works
We want free college and we want free college now. 139 dead but really who cares!?
Glad I rushed home to catch THE LAST FIVE MINUTES of the # K n i c k s # C a vs .
Ahh another amazing game by mason basketball.. Great to know that my school is the best school ever # fuck ma son
Oh hey CW thanks for giving me an ad for # Arrow while watching Arrow . I had no idea about this show!
Seems the only religion associated with terrorism is Hinduism, because for all others 'Terror' has no religion. #Hindu Taliban
There's a new Hip Hop style called Garbage Hip Hop...yoooo its so hot its on ALL the radio stations!
Is there a Rousey fight tomorrow or something?
Hey, where is a message of condemnation from CAIR?
It's clear that college basketball officiating is going to have another stellar year.
Thank you ISIS and racists and mother nature and idiots and haters and local criminals. You make this world a better place
WTF non-elimination? Didn't see that coming from the opening moments  #Amazing Race
All of this workplace violence has to stop. # o b am as world
The one thing that death knights need is a 10% buff.... # world of war craft
I'm ready for Obama to start talking about climate change right now. He always knows what to say.  #Prayers4 Paris
Fun fact: Getting turned down for a job as a hotel maid is a real self-esteem builder.
When people who claim to be don't get your . # fail
wow we're so lucky justin bieber is here to charge people $10 to watch a lifestream during a time when innocent people are dying
But oh no let's worry about a sack of cells that we're going to care about until it born!
Americans claim to have killed Jihadi John yet then its claimed the Paris attacks are revenge?! Yes, that make sense...
Love being at family functions, when I'm single.
I mean I'm so bored right now #U V Abball # pack line
Whatever you do, make sure you overreact, blame refugees, elect Putin ally Le Pen, hate, hate, hate!  #Paris Attacks #Paris Shooting
Wait a minute, how did India PM Modi do the Paris Attacks if he was in the UK at Wembeley? Pankaj Mishra blames Modi for all bad.
Could the #Religion Of Peace have struck again (this time in # Paris )? Not confirmed yet, but odds are in favor. Such peaceful scenes.
Melo on fire, so lets take him out. Smart Call Fish!!
Wow this crowd really knows how to ref a game
11:20 left in the first half and it's 42-0 Seals. Awesome game.
Thanks to my bank for for blocking a purchase because it was too expensive then flagging it as fraud after I called in to verify.
Sigh all these kids in my house, you got to love it.
The #UN has officially condemned it. Everyone can relax now. No more # t e r r o r i s m
TO CLARIFY: I wasn’t saying the #Paris Attacks are Obama’s fault. I was saying that is ignorant. I should have used the  hashtag.
#Erin Burnett # out front You have a way with words Erin...lol ... Stick to the news please.
Stuck in traffic on Friday night doesn't get much better than this thanks to whomever made this happen
Good thing guns are illegal there. That stopped a lot of shooting from happening.
# campus carry Make Texas universities gun free...just like France.
Yes, please give me a high maintenance hairstyle cuz thats what kind of girl I am.... # girl problems #Dont Let People Talk Uinto Things
Good morning, it's a beautiful day!
Yeah.... Compared to this, climate change is waaay more important.
I got homework on the weekend...whaaa?
I think they could squeeze the new Adele song in a few more times on the radio. They don't play it quite enough.
White people were killed # the horror # media # doubles t and a r d s
Getting bronchitis was a great way to spend the day before #WDD # not # sick
i love getting tested on 3 midterms in a day
Tsunami of # dark humor pour e d on # H ol l and e by #Ukrain e tw e e ps: ''ppl who shoot&kill must b e h e ard out; c e as e fir e now" #Paris Attacks
I'm so glad that would not happen in the US. I feel so safe here, I'm glad our government is convinced Islam is a peaceful religion
It's a good thing # Paris has strict gun control or someone might have gotten hurt.
I absolutely love Fox News and CNN.
Shout out to Donald Trump for calling me stupid along with the rest of the U.S. # who do you think you are
People that try to mess up your life and spread lies are my favorite kind of people...
Authorities saying likely a terrorist attack. No shit, Sherlocks. 3 attacks at the same time at jam-packed venues..seems so random
Whatsapp won't let me verify my number on my new phone cus its the same old number probably. New phone and I off to a flying start
ugh! all of the speculation on the news right now. don't wait for facts, just make stuff up! you can recant it later. *wink* # Paris
People are speculating that the Paris attacks are coordinated. Ya think? # face palm # s m h
Those gun free zones/safety zones work work out really well. . Do dippity-do socialist lefties even live in reality or nah?
How do u know the celebs u follow on twitter are really them and not an assistant lol # curious # seeking truth
Thank the Lord the US is save! # par is # priorities
Really looking forward to flying through Paris next week. #NOT  - Sending positive thoughts. #Stay Safe
The big question is who John Kerry will pick to go sing peace songs with him. Will he stick with JT or go with someone new?
Nothing I love more than a cramped train during peak hours.  oh yay
Flinn Rider is always on point # Tan g led
Nice to see the racist fuckwits are out in force & blaming Muslims for the events in Paris with absolutely no proof
I wonder who would have done such a thing in Paris ? # Paris
Fuck terrorism, a football match is way more important than 18+ dead. # Paris
It's good to see some consistency out of NHL player safety
Well, I've written a lot for today and now I must get ready for work! Yay!
Oh no Carrick injured, big miss
The best part of Obama presidency is the ease of racial tension in America
Oh no not Carrick, he always does well for England  #Just Fot Those Who Thought I Was Serious #Pointless Hashtag
The #Million Student March has trended for 2 days on the back of organizer #Keely Mullen compelling 1% argument. # brilliant
I worry Roy might be too negative
Off to do what INTJs do best: provide emotional support!
#S P Av E N G 1-0 and # en g bring on the saviour, the man on fire, the one the only # Rooney
Spain are fucked now Rooneys on :) #S P Av E N G
Oh goody, Rooney is coming on..  #ENG
We were idiots to get rid of Sterling #LFC
Imagine if US Gov. owned Costco, Sams Club, etc... & banned private businesses. We'd all eat & dress the same. That'd be great
She shouldve had a gun too just in case! # fy i live
Yes, God is great. Thank you for your FaceBook status that reminded me of that fact. No, really, I almost forgot.
#COYBIG #I R Ev B O S 52min gone and we nearly got a shot # target almost glad can't see the pitch # fog
Sterling loses the ball in his own half and...stands and watches. Exactly what a £49m player should be doing  #L F C Good Business #LFC
This game would be perfect for Carrick come on Woy get him on.. OH hang on # overrated
Stephen A. Smith making Corey Holcomb happy again. .
Insurance is AWESOME! Best meeting of the year! So invigorating!
I did not get my Pizza Delivered on time today. Why didn't anyone return their awards yet! I feel discriminated.  #Award Wapsi
It's so great to have white journalists write about racism on US campuses for Canadian newspapers.  #diversity N O W
Phil Jones hardly played a minuet for man Utd but starts for England.... Yeah they play players on merit!
You know what I love?! Being ignored! # please continue
Can't wait to see what Jason Whitlock had to say about Dez
Oh good, it's Mrs Personality herself, Tess Daley, yey..... # children in need
Shame on u, #Natalie Belman. I'm sure music includ. ref's to drugs&alcohol are warmly accepted. Christian lyrics are bad for society.
And let everyone's Twitter be blown up by beta... # ya y
Power went out twice this morning, and now there's no water. Oh, Baltimore. Good thing your property taxes are sky high!
Billy Gunn got fired for roids. I wonder who gave them to him? Couldn't be HHH
Yes, we are really about to drive an hour for BBQ. # his idea # w o w # so much fun
yep...your homeschooled children are well behaved little angels... # not # library life
No please do go on, everyone loves your daily (hourly) vegan posts on social media
Don't you love it when you see adults smoking in their car with kids in the back seat? Or front seat.
I am SO excited that THE SMURFS 2 will be a launch UHD BD title! In HDR no less!!!!
Sitting in class listening to a prof read powerpoint slides. Riveting stuff. # grad school problems
I really love taking surveys that take twice as long to complete than what I was told. # f a l s e a d v e r t is in g
Seems like Coach Garrett really has control of his players! # just saying # d e z # hardy # w h os next ?
So my black jeans don't fit # ya a a y
Hondurans players complaining about lack of sleep. Rain drops hitting their windows like firecrackers. Bad for Canada.
What a great way to start a day # s e i z u r e s suck
70000 intolerant people gathered to listen to the intolerant speech by the intolerant PM from an intolerant country! #Modi At Wembley
Thank you judgy clerk at the post office .. The world isn't ugly enough you totally needed to be passive aggressively ugly.Go you.
Hour and a half stuck in traffic. Great way to start my Friday
OMG DID EVERYONE GET JUSTIN BIEBERS AND ONE DIRECTIONS ALBUM!?!?!?  Lol but Bieber's album low key fire
Omg Jay Sean singing to 'baby when you're down down down' for Modi!!! How appropriate :) :) :) #Modi At Wembley #Modi In U K
This weather is like Aaron Rodgers season so far... Elite
# media 60000 intolerant ppl present 2 listen 2 d intolerant speech of d intolerant PM frm an intolerant country! #Modi At Wembley
Honestly, it's much more sadder when your brain is connected to your mouth
Thanks Perth for being cold, wet and for cancelling my train.  At least I got to catch up with a lovely faerie pal.
Renewing license at DMV...oh yay!  – at Illinois Secretary of State Driver Services Facility
when it rains it pours...... #Happy Friday
Up since 4am! Whoohoo! Let's do this, Friday!
Fun fact... People with sarcastic personalities have a higher tolerance for alcohol # fun fact # didn t know that # g u e s s i m good then
I just realized it's my favorite day!!!! It's Friday the 13th. Now I can blame all bad things that happen today on the date.
Yea! That favorite point in the year where the nose bleeds start coming back. # gotta love weather change
I guess there isn't anything more important than your morning brew? # coffee #Red Cups
At the dentist. I'm so excited.
Awwwww shoot it's #Friday The13th hopefully I don't fall up the stairs & break a knee or anything  #Broke Knee Problems
"On the Origin of Species" voted the most influential academic book - if all types of books were counted, # Twilight would have won.
Anyone know if Tacko Fall is eligible???? #5 m i l l i o n t w e e t s about it # enough already # con g rats to him and u c f
That tweet definitely not brought to you by neighbours deciding 2am best time for shitty music to deafen everyone # g r r r r
It's #Friday The13th and i have to have a root canal in a few minutes......what could go wrong?
#Million Student March suicide en masse will heal the world & halt climate chng. Do this for the future of Gaia. # true leftist beliefs
OMG guys...a new biebes album AND a new 1d album?! Is this real life!  #Netflix And Chill
Watch out world. My snark is strong today. # feelings n a r k y .
Must be a lot of christian haters in Starbucks this morning. Line is nearly out the door.
Today got off to a great start # hell of rid a y the 13
Parks and Rec had a Christmas episode? How insensitive!
Just because i don't react doesn't mean i dont notice
Wow, isn't it great to wake up at 5 a.m. to shit lava because of extreme lactose intolerance?! Omg, so fun. # l act os ein tolerant
The 80/20 rule? I bet mark schlereth came up with that himself. Definitely not a business rule that everyone knows
If the Braves were going to trade Simmons to the Angels, why did we not go after Mike Trout?? #MLB # Braves
For fuck sake. Not another pub lunch.
Skrillex X Justin Biever . . . # dream come true # Not
Finally! I can tweet about my favorite band using only emojis. /s # wt f # bullshit
Ideological = calling a spade a spade when it comes to America's treatment of Native populations oppressive. Thanks.
Is there anything more amazingly delicious than brushing your teeth and then drinking OJ? # everything is better #Boston P R I M Rtrip
School sucks . Can I just marry a celebrity and live off of them ? Thanks :-)
I love paying bills.. # Adult #No Money November # f ml
#Red Starbucks Cup Yes, this is REALLY important. Because Jesus has the copyright to that particular red colour. # irony week
So happy to be awake rn.
there's no better way to celebrate Christmas than a 7am party in November
So how much are we *loving* this month's book? # or is it # middle march
I love how rude my colleagues are sometimes.
Isn't it so helpful when your computer restarts without warning when you're in the middle of a piece of work?  :/
Why do there are more flies in summer? Well, human race used to have more free time to walk on streets
Sleep... What is that..  #Sons Of Anarchy #Fucken Addicted
Playing with sea monkeys is a legit degree thing now apparently. Best practical ever # so bored
Crash on the #A14 caused by lorries?? Really ? What a surprise!
Social media is not a place for facts or opinions. So what is it for?
Oh it's okay. I like being ignored!
more stuff i don't care about...friday, you're doing great so far
What a privilege to have only cups to be outraged about. #Starbucks Red Cup #Black Lives Matter # climate change #War On Women # anything else
Would never have guessed it was Friday 13th after this morning's occurrences.
4:52am - airport security in ft Myers.....no tsa pre because it's too early! Glad I have an hour before my flight # f b
Friday the 13th + Black cat = Gandang araw naman :)
I just looove overthinking it's the best
It's amazing how much better Australia play cricket when the women aren't on the tour ? #A U Sv N Z
Oh what a beautiful sunny day in Wales # wishful thinking
Bottle water for $5, potato crisps for $5 that's sounds reasonable Adelaide Entertainment Centre # a del aide # b l a m e t h e g s t
One day you'll see my worth. Why only 1 day? You can do it everyday. Just show to him/her.  Hahaha palagpat
So the Sherlock Special won't be shown in German cinemas? Great... # Not # why
my mind says november but my heart says christmas
Today is the international day of kindness. But it's not a reason for not being kind all year long, bastards! # humour # kindness day
I love taking the last bus of the night, it means I can talk to drunk people
Oh no! Link is a woman! Whatever shall we do, #Gamer Gate? Woe is me, WOE IS ME!
LASUTH Performs its First Kidney Transplant ... our new Health Minister is already working. - Femi Adesina
Today I'm gonna go to the pub with merson an get absolutely shitfaced then smoke some very strong weed with him  #Merson Is A Bellend
I think FRIDAY THE 13TH is a good date for One Direction and JUSTIN BEIBER to release new albums. NOT!!  #FRIDAYTHE13TH KX
I don't consider myself funny... am actually really mean but people think I'm playing around  saves my ass all the time
I already worked 40 hrs this week; can I have Friday off?  #siliconvalleyneversleeps
Everyone deserves a second chance but apparently there's a collective understanding stating that I don't. # Mood
# working for Satan like opps I totally didn't catch my brother when he fell.
Lucy had a thing about Nathan's face & her son's face.The same with Audrey holding them as they are dead.Thanks show # Haven
This night just keeps getting better & better.
awww the three of them look so cute. What a lovely picture (not)
I've noticed that vegans WITH science degrees are less militant/annoying than those WITHOUT science degrees. Color me surprised!
How good has Dubnyk been this year? It took him until Feb 14 to record10 wins for the Wild last year
I just love how my last quarter is going
When people think I'm serious about half of the things I say. Like seriously. I dont mean half the things I say. u should know this
Cool I'm working Black Friday! # so excited
I'm so glad the there's half a quarter left and the offense has been moving the ball this half. Also glad the D has been on point
Jesus said if we gave one of His followers a cup of cold water we wouldn't lose our reward, but not if it was a red cup.
I just love that the one thing I want before I'm married is bullshit. Really makes my night so much better. #Dont Cross Me # P is sed
I heard that guy Steph Curry was supposed to be good; 46 point game? What a bust
I love when I don't talk to Holt all day. So relaxing.
Excited for APEC Week. I can go along with my four lab reports. Wow sir, thank you!
Nothing better for a fan than to see your team get embarrassed on national tv # jets # butt fumble
I'll never be drunk enough to like you # drunk
If we can't get Christmas on our Starbucks cups we'll get it in the Red and Green of the #Bills Vs Jets
I love the flashbacks of pre-Jesus loving Tamra. I mean compared to now, she's really changed.  #Satan Loves Confusion #RHOC
Trent Boult doing his reputation no harm here .. ~sighs~ #A U Sv N Z
So much wisdom flowing here since yesterday, I feel like an eternal fool
Yeah that statement wasn't vaguely threatening in any way, shape, or form.... #Sleepy Hollow
well burns continues to be lucky enough to hold the title 'lukes favorite' so hopefully this is a good start to the test # but really
This is a real barn burner, this one #B U Fvs N Y J
Eventually those defence pairings will work.... # n h l jets
# J e t s # Mets How cute.... Looks like Christmas ornaments.
Buffalo Bills jerseys are anti-Christian. I'm offended.
I confess: I'm curious to know what the history books will say about Justin Trudeau. Will it be all about his hair? # confess ions
I'm sure glad the Timberwolves selected Johnny Flynn over Steph Curry. Thank you David Kahn.
I mean it's not like I want to talk to you or anything
The most recent drawing I posted on Facebook only has 1 like. The world just doesn't understand my artistic genius!
Only five minutes until #RHOC and #Brooks Tell All. Thank goodness, cause it's been so long since we've heard anything about Brooks.
How exciting! We had near simultaneous coaches challenges in the #B U Fvs F L A and #B U Fvs N Y J games.
Remember everyone, if you're kids are behaving like assholes, it's not your fault as parents raising them, it's video games!
Good job # Braves . Trade away any award winning player (or anyone with a recognizable name for that matter.)
I speak 4 different languages, # truth , , # profanity , # English . I can even speak them all in a single sentence. # just me being me
I'm confused. The #TNF schedule says it's #B U Fvs N Y J but yet the team that's supposed to be the Bills is in retro Pats unis. # brutal
Today is Friday the 13th. Anyway, who needs Friday the 13th when you have bad luck naturally.
If some people feel the "need to be right", I let them be.
Really enjoying the parade of "spoof" Starbucks cups on social media
Well I'm just gonna sit in my room and watch Netflix all day and hope to God I meet someone that way! # En t e r t a in men t
Like, oh my gosh you do?
This crowed in Florida for the Sabres game is BUMPIN!
Full house in Florida tonight. # S a b r e s
Let's not stop at healthcare or college education... let's fight to make everything free!
Well, I'm late the to the #Nintendo Direct party. Thanks math class. # so tired
Thank you Notebook for being on tv!
Please post another # self i e on FB. The 17 you've already posted in the last hour just isn't quenching my thirst for your face
I couldn't tell the bell broke at Mt. Spokane today based on everybody's Snapchat stories. LOL!
On a brighter note, we do have A.J. for one last season at Turner Field. # b r a v e s
'I ended up naked' points at me 'you would have loved it' ...... 'Would I?' .......
Oh hello stress. Glad to see you again.
At least the Braves finally got some young pitching back in a trade. It’s a nice change of pace. Oy.
Link vs. Cloud. Like ANYONE would want to see THAT fight.
What's with this emoji, it doesn't change skin tone, are yellow people the only ones who can be detectives? # what gives ?
When that does make it to Canada, $12.99 US for Youtube Music, or $9.99 CAD for Apple Music? Gee, I wonder which I'll pick?
Got Starbucks on my way home. # hails at an #Merry Christmas Starbucks
Funny when wests experts know more about souria than syrian experts
That moment when you become an unwilling videographer of the fourth grade program because your mom said so # yeah # mild am us men t
I wish there could 3 debates per week!
Biden was here? I was unaware # cu se p robs
I got friends getting marriage proposals via FB messenger...should we concede that texting is the new courting?
Oh! My! God! Starbucks cups for the CHRISTMAS season this year are PLAIN RED!? With nothing else? I can't even. How dare they! .
Remember the good ol days? When using global vars everywhere wasn't frowned upon?
High blood sugars all day. Now, I'm low. Sweeeet. # diabetes p robs # diabetic #T1D
I love it when perforated lines don’t tear correctly.
Only cried twice today. # progress # f ml
" I have noooo ideaaa what you're talking about....." # i just don t care
So... the only 3DS VC game to support link will be the Pokemon games... Thanks Nintendo! #Nintendo Direct
New 3DS Virtual Console games?! WTF?!!! #Nintendo Direct
K so I don't believe you...
Thanks, Facebook Memories, for reminding me that my grandmother died.
Gosh, today was a workday of joy & laughter. I just can't WAIT to see what tomorrow brings! #SUCKFEST # do it yourself
Twilight Princess HD? Didn't see that coming  #Nintendo Direct
# B a l t i c s are the NATO bases masquerading as countries. # n a t s e c # n at gas #LNG #EUCO # E s ton i a # L it h u ani a
I'm so surprised my dad didn't show up today after he said he would.
Love the feeling of being ignored. Its the greatest feeling in the world!!
I did not see M i z z o u hiring a black President. Shocked I tell ya, shocked # M i z z o u
I can't seem to get my panties off. # thank goodness we don't have dialogue bubbles over our heads.
If I end up murdered, please tell the police it was him. # just kid din g # but really though
Sure I'll get your nurse visits. Because it's not like I have patients of my own who need me or anything.
Yeah we are making a difference aright
This week has been so good.
Sure hope it hails again today!
Cant wait till next year, its going to be fun!
#Brad Pitt should give #Tom Cruise lessons on how to kill # Hitler . #Quentin Tarantino # movies # history # humor
Working from bed & loaded up on Alka-Seltzer cold/flu meds, water, & OJ. Obviously the most exciting day I've had in a while.  #SOS
luv that SO MANY people support what I wanna do with my life
We need all agree to start tagging our posts with  when we're trying to make a point. Cause folks don't get it.
I was just thinking of leaving social media but then the Starbucks Red Cup stories broke, wow am I glad I didn't miss that!
This jury room is FILLED with people who are stoked to be here! It's like Disneyland!
Why worry about supporting human rights? - we about to make more money! # u k government # money over humanity
the only way to get through to some people.....or they just do not understand.
Site visits when there's a wind advisory are my absolute favorite
Really enjoyed spending all afternoon on the phone to Argos about our broken washing machine.
i love when people make stuff up to make others look bad.
Running into an ex classmate I didn't like is exactly what I needed
Thanks for spamming promotional DMs when I needed some1 to talk to guys. You make my day.
How surprising that Valerie would be assigned to Dante. # predict able # g h
The last time a gf acted as a good mental coach to her man, my mum was prolly still styling 4 my pops and his advances.... Lol
We're all lazy and do nothing except drugs, but we'll also steal your job and work for 18 hours straight
12th Man lawsuit 34884568685 years in the making about time.
Good news about being blocked without any reason is that now I don't have to worry about her creeping on my tweets. Time 4
Stealing stacks of the paper doesn't show signs if guilt.
If Starks is the Green Bay RB1, I've got the Lacy handcuff. Woohoo!
OMG (gosh) McD's has turquoise coffee cups!!! What does that mean?!!?!
Don't you just love when billionaires tell poor people that their minimum wage is too high? And they should have 2 jobs? # Go p
You know it's gonna be a Good Weekend when you realise Chels ain't playing.
Who knew staring at Wireshark captures could be so....fun. # net working
Woah! Something happened to you?.. neat. You're gonna tell us about it?.. even better.
Trader Terry hasn't made a deal yet today... Should we expect it in the next half hour, or maybe around 4:00?  #Hot Stove Fun
Today is Redhead Day. I feel so celebrated. # ginger # Red head day
Crying before work is the best thing, everyone should do it. # day needs to be over
Yesterday I was called a bitch and a slag, all within ten minutes of each other. People are so friendly.
As a black person, when I raise an issue about race...it's actually me thinking ALL white people are racist LOL
Never a bad time to have some delicious high quality Salpointe lunches.
Having fun with my really high quality well made durable chrome book. 11/10
This train is unbearably hot # met r o way too crowded # best way to travel
A lot of animosity towards the new #EFL logo. How dare they incorporate symbology into a new easy to share brand
Why are people only thankful this month instead of 365 days a year?
My son finally getting better and bam i wake up sick fantastic # mom n y life # no sick days
Ovi breaks the record tonight against the Flyers would be a real shocker
Bad day! But it'f Friday tomorrow and after that I get to work from home! # lucky me
Let's assign everything on the same day. I don't have other classes.
I love it when I buy a bag of air and the company that produces it is kind enough to put 4 crisps inside. Cheers
My is getting out of hand. I need to go to SA (Sarcastics Anonymous). Crap, I did it again, didn't I? # I m so not funny
That moment when u get 20+ likes on a FB post and think "Wow I've really made it." #Its The Little Things # spend 2 much time on social media
Everyone is allowed to think differently. Not differently than me, just differently than those I disagree with.
Another shark attack off La Jolla shore - when are we going to have some common sense shark control laws in this country?
Always enjoy Thursday when it's both invoices and inventory day
Aw lovely # jaw pain thanks for returning
Time to have fun practicing statement of cash flows!!
I absolutely love how Word notices some spelling mistakes but not the vital ones because they're still technically words.  #thx Word
The other day I bought a pack of solo cups because I hate Christmas.  #Its Just A Cup
some of the # defensive posturing seems to be about being uncomfortable with # domestic # issues !! # jokes # verbal abuse are # defenses
I'm at # Star bucks and they're worshipping Satan like the dickens
Oh joy, the uptight hippie farmers are back! Yaaaay! # f ml
Great... another hardware failure... yeah... I didn't need those 3 GB of data... tweet # office life # cubic le hell # office
Thanks, insomnia. You're gonna make today awesome.
Today's gunna be a great day
I love coming in to a broken build, thanks other team!
Can't wait for people to change #IILLAOI bodytype for fanart because they can't stand a muscular tall woman # p be #League Of Legends
I'm trying to be nice but I don't get nice in return. Thanks for thinking about little old me for once
LOLLLL....Guys on # M a g i c 9 is setting the bar so high now on
"Dr. James Wilson: House? Dr. Gregory House: NO, it's your other friend in the asylum.” Sou incompreendido pela sociedade
Sure glad the clouds are back. It was hurting my eyes having to squint so much.  #No Sunshine State
Loving the gloomy November weather , but hey, it could be snowing
Still trying to attach chalk to # drones for drawing test squares on # roofs after # hail storms. # insurance # a d j u s t e r s # r o o f e r s
Sat here with my nephew watching cartoons, it's not like I've got any work to do anyway!
Don't you just love it when your teacher is out but you drop them
Oh look, it is starting to rain. Good, we've been needing it.  #Rainy Georgia
Sorry but I am just being # S a r c a s t i c | at its finest ;)
dun worry lionsxii will solve all problems  #S I Nvs J P N
"If you don't look like your photos, drinks are on you until they do." Superficial drunks. My favorite.  #POF
I love running 6 mans on Thursdays, when every kid in the county doesn't have anywhere to be until later and wants a Frappuccino.
probably it's not a relevant social justice problem.  why focusing on that when can wank abt something that hasn't happened yet?
I support Hillary even though I have no interest in the presidential election or debates and have no idea what she stands for.
It's a bad hair Thursday. Also, please no yachting.
Wow what a fast internet connection
And Sam's visions are telling him to free Lucifer. Even cooler. # Super natural #Our Little World
|| okay it is near 3 am here, time to sacrifice children to the satanic starbucks new coffee cup # might fall asleep
I may not be fluent in hindi and english but i am fluent in
Did the Monteverde review come out yet? # gotta be first # f b
Wow, Tom. Give the other networks a chance. #Red Eye
Thx apple for update x code . It "amazing update" blocking my work on 4 hours. Nice! Thx! # x code #objective-c #bad Updat Xcode
It is one thing to make racist comments but to suggest boycotting Starbucks .. That's outrageous! # d o n a l d trump # first world problems
It's called  and it confuses stupid people...
Here we r once again, so great
Between Veterans Day being hella personal, my baby momma being disrespectful and yapping ass bitches...I had a good day
The lollipop analogy to describe the hijab situation is totally not women objectification.
"Why would you buy a PC?" asks Tim Cook. As the thousands of people who own a MacBook look on. #Tech Talk
Merry Christmas to all. Regards, Air t e l 4G Girl # Air t e l #4G # Girl # t roll # virtual slaps
It was definitely me , for sure cuz I had her new number and everything a month ago
You really respect what I have to say
Time for Me to Switch Channels LOL I guess I will call it a Night.. Had SUCH BUSY WEEK in that Hospital Bed.. I'm Exhausted :/  <3
I say we trade Hall right now his value will never be higher.
Transporting people in Maputo is important as transport cows. We love it
Awesome. No Colorado trip this year. That news just made this week so much better.
The most amazing part of it all is that whether you talk to someone or your focused on you;People will find something to talk about
Slut shaming is super hilarious guys. Legit.
I love it when I can't get on any COD right now...
# S a q lain , people are there to watch #Sachin's batting not your new bowling action definitely!! #Sachin Blasters #All Stars Cricket
Doing maths homework, it's so fun.
Our dog just caught and ate a cricket. He's a vicious hunter. Watch out.
I'm glad that I'm just a joke to you.
A racist kid from Northwest?!? I never!
Oh yay, Maddie drama next week! # Nashville
Me: who are you? Rachel: I'm Rachel; who are you? Me:...you think you're real funny huh? Rachel: yes # friendship
please get off your head out of your ass.
Rayna why so supportive?? Really the happiness tone it down a notch! # Nashville
Liberal America. What a time to be alive.
The only good thing about Collette no longer playing for #USU is that he can't foul out now......... # sorry not sorry
Having neck problems from my wreck months ago... Perfect!
A4: When we let oil companies write curriculum or federal policies.  #Enviro Ed
Ugh, why are u being slow, computer? I'm only trying to edit 720p videos w/ audio while rendering other 720p videos w/ audio... xD
Thank you Mother Nature. That very bright flash of lightning and super loud thunder was much appreciated
Great play Fisher drew up on the Melo shot. .
Black students being terrorized is not worthy of news, but I sure hope I hear more about that red cup scandal..... # M i z z o u #Red Cups
I absolutely LOVE when people tell me what to do. Its the reason for my existence # step off
thanks to the internet, phrases I learned this past week: 1. "netflix and chill" and 2. "eye f*cking" or "eye f*ck* Thanks so much.
My favorite thing? People who think they know me. lol # An no y in g #Sorry Not Sorry When I break character, you'll get a rude awakening.
If I didn't care about my # career my Twitter feed would be way funnier # tact #This Is Me Holding Back
I think Mario Chalmers will make the difference.
my cat just threw up my girlfrirnds hair ties.. i cant wait to pick this up. life is fun lol
I'm glad my locker is the hangout at NOGA .. # no p e
Mystical and magical stuff on that island? No. # Arrow #Dem Bows
yes because everyone loves watching you cry and smoke ya dart on snap chat
Rumored Obama is, via Executive Order, establishing Federal "Safe Space" Jobs-for-Life starting w/ "Mizzou" students.  #Safe Space
Love that my mother-in-law signs every text message to me with her name.  #I Can See Your Name Up There Thanks #No Thanks
Ugh. I just love when my dad comes home in a crappy ass mood.
Why yes. I'm clearly racist. I OBVIOUSLY hate the civil rights movement of the 50's and 60's. And I think slavery is good.
Yes, please come get your eyebrows and upper lip waxed when you have a head cold and mouth breath all over me. Thank you...-_-
nothing says mid-November in MN quite like thunder storms and heavy rain
My Orthopedics office is literally now my second home # always there
I'm sure jesus seeing all your Facebook posts about him dbu this would be a bitch if it blow up in my face though # Hell # Iron y
It's time to welcome DeAndre back with open arms.  #Lets Go Mavs #MFFL
Apparently some folks are in some bad weather? Can someone be more clear, I'm a little fuzzy on the details? # all weather reporters
2 major computer updates with reboots & 1 BSOD. Yep, it's a good day. #BSOD # computer problems
I love it when the neighbors do target practice.
I'm shocked that the guy making racist threats at #MU was a rich, white kid from Lake St Louis.
#Black On Campus not just another hashtag........oh sorry, movement! #Missouri Protests # M i z z o u #STFU # M i l l e n n i a l s
Today has just been such a great day
I just love my life so much rn
Could this day get any better!
It's the best when guys schedule meetings in the bathroom
Big 12 room would have been awesome to have # k u c o n v o in. #atleastitsanoverflowroom
class privilege automatically absolves people from all other intersections of their identities, right
I am shocked at what is happening at Missouri. Absolutely shocked.
Lovely responsible ad attempting to rebrand # won g a with the more than reasonable 1509% APR
KS Legislature at it's finest today. Can't wait for the session!
Sleep, the magical cure for flu, diarrhea and stomach viruses according to my sister, I will be cured in the morning!
It’s definitely not triggering at all to say “what the hell are you talking about he’s not a rapist” nope. It’s definitely not.  cw
the construction signs all over the brooklyn bridge really added to the beauty
Chinese new year reunion dinner later today obviously
7th grade math homework is so much fun when you have a willing partner
So excited for a double Kingston Rounder tomorrow
Thank you veterans... of the war on Christmas... for your service...
I am so happy that my professor thinks she needs to spend 15 minutes explaining a vein diagram # imagine more
My favourite types of labs are the labs that cover the material we haven't covered yet
say whatever derogatory names you want and beat the PC culture but god forbid don't buy a plain red cup
Chick asks if I don't think I'm "too sracastic" me: no I don't but thanks for asking
Just went to Starbucks hope I don't go to hell... .
It's great when you open the shower at the gym to a girl bent over completely naked and you get an eye full of arse # gym # Aw k ward
The people worried about Christmas coffee cup design sound like they have pretty interesting lives
Our soldiers are big gaping pussies compared to Caitlyn Jenner.
No water, no heat, and no internet. What a great school!
Just caught the #John Lewis Xmas Ad - I've never felt so warm or indeed fuzzy.
Oh no, Starbucks removed the totally Christian parts of Christmas from their cups. Oh noooooo so offendedddddd... # triggered
weeee weeee weeee fizzzzzzz pop! yay!
I just love waiting at the dr's office, especially when I have stuff to do. # irritated # get me outta here
4 super mutant brutes in one room I love this game
I have the day off work for Veteran's Day and am going to do something super patriotic -going shopping! Thank a vet for the sales!
Oh woe is me... I got a red STARBUCKS cup. What am I going to do. My Christmas is now ruined. #Red Cups
A lot of white guys out there saying they never felt racial tension so high. I can't overstate the value of their opinions on this.
It's so nice to discuss with most men about gender equality. So nice.
Drafting Eddie Lacy in the first round was the best decision I've made in Fantasy in the past few years ..  #fantasyfootballproblems
Most people around me think I'm insane and gives me a month before I go back to eating "normal" food. The support I get is amazing.
Only niggaz is threats # M i z z o u These threats is only kids being kids!
Nice to get back into workouts today  #In Pain #Send Help
I'm outraged at Starbucks! Unless your cups show Jesus & Santa with machine guns, you clearly support the nazis! Overreaction 2015!
I love people that follow accounts just to get followers, and if they don't get followed they just unfollow that person.
If there is one person who is an expert about how to win a national campaign -- it's Bob Dole.
Listening to two customers fight over politics. What fun!!
Getting intentionally flashed by a middle aged man, just as I left work was exactly the way I planned my walk home... Not
Starbucks is so against Christmas, they're playing Christmas music and they have a Christmas tree advent calendar for sale!!!!!
We also have the same hair, altho I'm defo not calling her my fave,idol,or BAE yet! maybe I could look like all my "faves" # mash up
#my First Tweet #Spoiler Alert There might be some  in my tweets. Beware.
I so enjoy the new police SUV's I helped buy. # waste
There's not much more fun than going to the # Dent ist on your holiday off.
I'm so close to 18k tweets, my life MAY YET STILL HAVE PURPOSE!!!
Having # friends will make you more # creative . is considered a # brain # stimulant . UR Lucky to have ME in ur life ;)
my annual rant: I am positive the Veteran's fought/defended the country so the post office, bank etc could be closed
I turned down I'm a Celebrity Get Me Out of Here because I'm just too famous!!!
7½ hours at Chicago O'Hare, waiting for flight to Dublin. Thence to Austria, etc. At least I slept an hour before my trip. # Z z z z
And I almost forgot! I have a 7 am class tomorrow! Great!
quite smart from Soudcloud to post the set to the public before proceeding it .... we will repost the set when its up! :) <3
Crew love it when the gully sucker turns up during lunch. They respect that it's a job that needs doing. #bad-timing
Good to grab coffee with a great boss Jerry Jacobs and talk ministry at Starbucks with those "ungodly" red cups. # c o f f e e t a s t e t h e s am
I think it's great we're taking our minds off of ISIS to boycott Starbucks, and instead, go to Dunkin' Donuts for their new cup.
#Oh No #Cobra Starship broke up! I havent been this # upset since # W ham disbanded. # faith # wake me up before you go go #Where Were You When
My day just keeps on getting better and better  voice lol arghh could really punch a person.
#Costa Crewe fastest service ever.  hurry the fuck up.
Well that was nice to wake up to
My feed is not obsessive at all
Complaining on Veterans Day. I'm a great person.
Gotta drive through duper traffic, then walk a mile to get to work. It's all good.
When teachers call on you: Me: I'm just not feeling it rn # brook e says # school
Everyone working on this MetroNorth train is so excited about life today.
so xbox one is all about eliminating features.. great
Nothing is better than ur car dying on u at the gas station first thing in the morning # i hate my life
Stop complaining about sexism!!! You should've went to an all female school...asking for equality is begging for male acceptance
Girl: Is it Veteran's Day? Me: No it's Armistice Day. Girl: Oh so when is Veteran's Day? Face meet palm # history lesson
Early morning errands. Love 'em! So glad I didn't stay up all night nailing Raiders and Deathclaws. # not a morning person # fallout 4
Conspiracy time: what if #NASCAR keeps messing with the rules in an effort to make Ben Kennedy the greatest driver of all time?
Getting ready for work, oh the excitement
Sepp Blatter in hospital.. Aww what a shame - such a lovely man  I wonder how many workers in Qatar are in the same boat..
Dear people with employer-sponsored health insurance, please tell me more about how I should be thankful for Obamacare
Off to an awesome start this morning.
So if you dont send diwali greetings on fb or whatsapp, socially you dont exist at all! # this days
Happy for all the ppl putting #Veterans Day posts on their timeline. Glad it makes you feel like you honored them properly.  #Do More
Called work to say I'd be late, and I find out another person called in sick, so I picked just the perfect day to miss the bus.
Honestly cannot wait for the international break. It fills me with so much excitement and is riveting stuff.
So much for the dream of quitting my job to become a full-time fantasy football player. Or cashing in on FanDuel & DraftKings IPOs.
Can my day get any better # not a good day
I am shocked Paul Finebaum doesnt like # Iowa at 5. # n c a a football #BIG10
Of course, you're always right, you're a saint. Sorry for not noticing that earlier.
Why does Rob Ryan still have a job? If incompetency = job security then he should be employed for life.  #Who Dat
Well my day just keeps getting better and better
Me: Something bad happened Girl: what? Me: A friend committed suicide Girl: Eyaa, did he die? Me: Nah, he's just sleeping"
Well today is starting of Great!!!!
Start doing interviews today. I'm really excited
Supposedly he's a "superstar" yeah... Ok then... And Eminems a nobody
Liverpool fan in office shouts "Come on reds" again at the end of the silence. Gets funnier every time.
Love being bumped from using meeting rooms that I've booked because more important people need them. Love it.
Later today, I predict there will be the *battle of the bathroom mirror*! I love it here!
Today I will be bed bound, I know I should be grateful for all I have but well it's not easy on days like today
B i ha r is on the way of # S mar t # B i ha r And we are here only dreaming about S mar t cities # l ol Nitish & Lalu ll change d face of B i ha r
Nothing eases anxiety like the implication that your best friend wouldn’t miss you at all if you were gone. ...
Suppose I should go and get dressed for my very exciting day out with the Inlaws! Can't wait  at its best lol
Oh joy the panic feeling is back in my chest
School is amaze balls # school # amazing # l ol # not true # amaze balls #F
Mum: David, you just got a message. Dad: On my phone? Mum: No, from the pidgeon in the back yard. # slow as
So happy to see so many people wearing a poppy today  Where are your poppies?!
"My ov a ries a re working a nd I'm so excited." Mi r a nd a 's is a winner! # Mi r a nd a : S01E04 "Holid a y"
Love randomly wakin up in the mid of the night and not being able to get back to sleep # the struggle is real
Aaaaaand... Ward's back! Greeaaaaat...  But seriously, totally saw you coming, Roslyn. *sigh* #Agentsof S H I E L D
We should build another round about, because that's working out so well. #Southern A B # bad ideas 101
That last one was kind of
Yeap nothing else in the world going on that is sooooooooooooooooooo important 2/2 # b b c
Today's BBC News is very important please watch.......... Its about unfair vacuum testing  1/2
I love when I get on to slay on Bo3 and literally every 5 mins I get kicked to the main menu because they are doing maintenence
#Starbucks Red Cup you people disgust me. Your red cups have ruined countless lives. You sickos.
Boy golly do I love sneeze coughing! It's the greatest!
Yay* Audrey and I are both getting a cold! *
Sorry but I identify as half Jewish, one quarter Hindu, and one quarter Budhist so this whole #War On Christmas thing offends me.
If you could see my outfit right now you would be insanely jealous......
The establishment should be so proud of Jeb Bush. #G O P Debate
Another one of those great nights…
Congratulations to the #RNC for creating a non-threatenng " #Safe Space" for their #GOP candidates. #G O P Debate
The maturity level is so high here at SAGU.. .
#Rand Paul being ignored by panelists and talking heads after a debate. What a surprise...
Racism is a thing of the past. It does not exist. Stop with the race card already. # M i z z o u
Two days without .... Oh god, This is the biggest sacrifice I did.
like sure, I'd love to hear Canon in D a 9th time.
You just have to love the not-so-subtle website plugs by Cruz and Rubio. # w i right #G O P Debate
I am surprised clients don't tell you when they are unhappy, you seem so easy to talk too. # my new hair dresser
That awesome moment when you lay in bed and realize you forgot to do something for tomorrow
What about the most important issue in the # debate , # global warming ??
You know what though, at least the Flyers held the Avs scoreless for the first 57 SECONDS OF THE GAME #Flyers Talk # P o s i t i v e s
Horrific environment, but they aren't allowed to ask for change.
There's a fucking presidential debate on tv RN, and I'm stuck at work like a lame prick.
I cannot wait to have tooth surgery tomorrow
To the people who doesn't get my ...
Kasich wants more regulation which will lead to more cronyism... great thought!  #G O P Debate
I cant believe they are trying to reduce brain damage in children, heading is part of the game, who cares about lifetime disability
I just love it when the candidates don't answer the question. #G O P Ddebate
Boy, Jeb sure is finishing strong...
Wait where are the "Raise Your Hand if..." Questions? What's with these moderators?  #G O P Debate
Rubio proud that "women drive" in the U.S. # look how far w eve come
Loved it when Jed Bush sarcastically thanked Trump. You gotta love a guy who doesn't pay attention to time limits. #G O P Debate
Yeah...they hates because women drive in the US. #Yeah Yeah Thats The Ticket
My mother thought it was necessary to warn me about the wind advisory in Des Moines tomorrow..hopefully I don't get blown away .
Know what I love? When technology doesn't do what it's supposed to do... e.e # life
Come on Jeb! everyone knows #Climate Change is the biggest threat to the US. #Red Nation Rising #Feel The Bern # C l u e less #G O P Debate
Word cloud during #G O P Debate. #Big Data everywhere!
I love Trump's use of specificity.
Are they talking too loud or my tympanic membrane (scientific name for eardrum) is sensitive nowadays?
Let's take money away from agriculture to spend it on more guns and tanks! Yeah!!! Woo!!!  #G O P Debate
Hey Carly Fiorina, we tried zero based budgeting in the 1970s. How'd that work out? Clearly so well that we still do it. #G O P Debate
Wild 0-10000 on the PP in this game #Fire Yeo
As a liberal with a family I have to confess. I hate families. I hate families so much! #G O P Debate # Fuck off
The most important job is being a parent? Oh, that's why all these candidates are so supportive of paid family leave.  #G O P Debate
I barely recognize this "new" Jeb(!). #G O P Debate
"I care about THE poor people." Thx, Ben Carson, you are truly enlightened... Oh, sorry, enlightenment isn't Christian  #G O P Debate
Lol cant believe melo got away w it. And we thought he didnt get superstar calls
Abolishes the IRS? But who will monitor ObamaCare?  #F B N Debate
I love hearing non # business owners lecture on legislation and laws they really don't understand at all. #G O P Debate
"There are more words in the IRS code than the Bible". Excellent method of measurement #Ted Cruz  #oh Lord
RT Buckshot4400 Well, good to know CarlyFiorina has an excellent grasp of the #ACA and # health care in general #G O P Debate # complete …
Yay for overly exciting nights all alone. My fave. # so # much
Ben Carson is so presidential :) # go p debate
I am sure the Bush donors feel so much better tonight. #G O P Debate
The free market is always reliable when it comes to affordable healthcare  #G O P Debate
Celts really struggling here in the third quarter without avery bradley........
"Have you had an accident that wasn't your fault?" Err is that not what the definition of accident is? # cold calling # true story
I can't wait for The Great Wall of America/Mexico.
Ted Cruz is right -- we should have China and Mexico as our national role models.
Who is surprised that Barrett got the pimp spot!  #The Voice
Kasich's really going out on the limb by calling out Trump as not acting like an adult.  #G O P Debate
Sure, let's just treat people like a bunch of "things". We'll scatter them about, they'll be fine. # go p debate # n p r debate
Great idea to not want to raise the minimum wage and criticize people for being on government assistance. # sound logic #G O P Debate
I am just amazed by Carson. I mean... The man has street cred...
we need a safe space & if u hurt my feelings I'm calling the cops... so much rebellion in these kids
I love tests at 9:45 pm
There's this thing. It's called being nice to people with out having romantic feelings towards them. OMG WHAT? CRAZY to think!!!!
I love our "I'm offended" society.
I love it when nothing I say or do is good enough
Let's undo everything Obama did, cause fuck him, he's done nothing to improve the US.
Favorite quote about the Starbucks holiday cup debacle: "they might as well be called 'Satan Sippers'"
Don't raise the minimum wage, because millennials are lazy. # go p debate
Sure, those workers on minimum wage are to blame for all our economic woes! #G O P Debate # fox business debate
I'm ready for this debate, excited to hear about how eliminating the minimum wage could possibly help the economy!
I have no idea why we broke up.
The diversity is strong with the members of the audience  #G O P Debate
#LiamNeeson's non-verbal was a winner, then! I bet you could hear the harp strings playing in those days!  #The Mission
That was not scary as all.  #The Flash
I'm from New York and I keep seeing fanduel and draft kings commercials, please attorney general protect me from such things
A former member of TOWIE has followed me on here, I must be so interesting ....
So # Bones gets put on hiatus indefinitely for a reality show. Nice one # Fox
I've forgotten how much I love commercials!  #C W Zombie Flash
100,000 Tips for Writing the Best Marketing Listicles # marketing #inbound marketing #content marketing
being ignored is the best -_-
I'm glad they're thinking this threw #The Flash
Hey! #Project Greenlight sure gets it done  #G O P Debate
My shows are so much more entertaining when I'm bombarded with questions every three seconds
Wait a minute....Perry Ellis is a senior already?!?! # k u b ball
Oh no. Starbucks used the X-mas colors on their cup instead of the little symbols. They MUST hate Jesus. #Starbucks Red Cup
Being awake for 24 hours is exactly what I needed when I just got a fever... Great Job Body!
Plus Gordon's value just dropped due to not winning another Gold Glove
Can't even name one # d e m o c rat they admire. Really gives me hope that the #GOP will seek bipartisan solutions #G O P Debate
Seriously? Trump boycotting StarBucks because of a cup! #Starbucks Red Cup #Important Issues
fallout 4 fallout 4 fallout 4 fallout 4 fallout 4 fallout 4 fallout 4 fallout 4 fallout 4 # o mg # o mg # cool # no # fallout # no # life
Can't wait to celebrate my # birthday by sitting at the dr's office with her. :)
#G O P Debate no please, stay on the debate, I want to see more partisan attacks to further the inactivity of Congress.
Of course I'm to blame for all your problems, I'm white!!!!  #notallwhitepeopleareracist
The amount of excited 4th grade parents to be here for a performance on a Tuesday night is unreal.
Get # old and get # safe live a # quiet life and think only about yourself....
My OB-GYN gave me the all clear to work on my abs! I'll fit in some crunches between bottles, diapers, & screaming. # mom my problems
Notre Dame at 4, Baylor at 6. The Midwest rules college football again
The committee is biased against Baylor and the Big 12 and they love one-loss teams Alabama and Notre Dame. Outrage!
Mun is listening to Depapepe's Wedding Bell. Like- thank you playlist, you've been very helpful.
Oh and we're off! Skulling it now. At least 1ml there in 1 go! #lowest Form Of Wit # mom life # new baby # lazy lad
I love when candidates say they will fire people, that really inspires me!  #G O P Debate
Its sad that I hardly have any followers but my tweets are so awesome. Soo many people are missing out on my wisdom (!) # sadness
My mom has become me. Mom- "I LOVE HOW PEOPLE KNOW HOW TO PICK THEIR SHIT UP AROUND HERE!"
Fist bump to U.S. Government for protecting me from playing online poker and now DFS. You guys are doing an awesome job.
Working with a 20 year old is so refreshing, they know absolutely everything!  #Working Mama
I wasn't always this sarcastic, it took me many years of dealing assholes to become this good at it.
I really love it when women who are considered "gorgeous" and "thin" by society's standards complain that they are "so FAT" # u g h
It's a good thing I like driving home in the dark!  #workinglate A G A I N
Things I'm excited about: the killer wind tomorrow and the Artic Blast that's coming behind it.  #The Cold Always Bothered Me Anyway
I love how dead my body feels after practice
Man alive I sure hope there is some talk about Fallout 4 on my feed today. Don't know what I'd do if there wasn't any. # n o t h y p e d
Yvette Fielding in #ImACeleb........that has made my week. # hint
I always get hella likes on my IG pics..  lolz #V S Fashion Show
Lol tomorrow should be such a great day
That awesome moment when you invite someone to dinner and then they change your plans all together. Yeah thanks.  #I Want Tortillas
Shoutout to the people that ruin the ending to Fallout 4. You guys are the greatest
How do I get so lucky to attract very interesting suitors?
Because 10pm is a great time to start planning Christmas present ideas! Way to go, Heath!
RedScareBot: McCarthy wuz right? RT tater596: jessedoodle No one wants to hear about your commie christmas hating coffee rewards.
I'm finding it quite flattering to have all these random supermodel instagram accounts following me!  #Fake Accounts
My Christian faith is sorely shaken for # Star bucks has taken snowflakes off their seasonal cups. #Get A Grip
I love followers who dont support.
Lyrical content in Rap means absolutely nothing these days
I have been doing kick boxing for 2 years I guess I just need a mask and too many buckles and then I can be equal to Oliver Queen
Brother's gf is complaining about her sister but sounds like she's talking about herself. Love this gem of a human being. # lots of it
Of course the thermostat should be located near the exterior door... #Office Problems # office life # cubic le hell #Heat Wave # heat stress
Man, Starbucks giving out holiday cups already? Valentines Day is a long ways away yet. What are they thinking? #Starbucks Red Cup
I appreciate all the well wishes that have been sent about my father's passing.  #isthistheangerpartofthestagesofgrieving
That time in Baltimore when your plane is late due to fog? Yeah that one... Customs in Toronto should be fast.  #Flying Adventure
How cute the mice are really active in the walls at the office today.
I like how the GOP presidential debates have devolved into episodes of Jerry Springer.
Things not to say to a # photograph e r - I bet that camera takes great photos. Yes it does, I never know what it's been up to.
Sooo good to be back at work
Starbucks cups are taking the Christ out of Christmas. Do you know what else is red?? Communism and the burning fires of hell.
Clearly while Salman was ignoring her, Kat was dreamily looking into the eyes of the man she truly wants
My dad went to a doctor a week before he died. Clearly it worked out for him. # death #whydo Ifeelsick
Baby V's daycare was giving away free toddler formula this week. I should've taken the whole box to sell on eBay
I can't believe Twitter changed the stars to hearts and not santas.  #Starbucks Red Cup #War On Christmas
People be like: Red Starbucks Cup We fill you up Let's hate on Christmas
Not even six months a woman and Caitlyn Jenner is already wining woman of the year award. What have you done?
#Ben Carson should say the media is violating his "safe space" seem to work at # M i z z o u LOL
Ferentz on unveil of Iowa's alternate uniforms for Saturday night against Minnesota: "It was really a dramatic moment in my life."
Women are hoes when they sleep with whomever they want instead of the ones who want to sleep with them.
Anyone who thinks they know all the answers aren't up-to-date on the questions # thought of the day
I love this time of year. I especially love that it gets dark at 3:30. It makes me sooooo happy.
Being allergic to decongestants is the best during cold season...
If only there was some kind of notifier on vehicles to let other drivers know if they want to make a lane change or turn. # obviously
Oh no, I'm a Christian and my red McDonald's doesn't say "Merry Christmas." I'm so offended!
RT UtifulXo: Mess # hot mess # babies # girl #LOL
Yes. That wildfire was entirely fake. # ass hat # never read the comments
Wait... a second. U mean 2 tell me anyone can have a bad moment? It's not just the bad guys? What in the world?
Next time students in Mod Am Lit: 1900-1945 are saddened by the course material, I'm going to say: It'll be ok, the 50s are coming!
Despite overwhelming public scorn, it's refreshing to see the rare individual bellowing into his bluetooth for all to hear. # Hero ( )
Anyone see the new promo? Liz sleeps with Nick! I'm really feeling the love Liz has for Jason right there  #GH
BRILLIANT NEW IDEA There should be a font that can express via the # i n t e r w e b s so people stop getting offended by everything I say
Man I just realized I never experienced racism until Obama was elected.
Love the way my neck feels in the morning
38° in # F lag staff , wind, hail/snow mix. Is there better weather to move in? #Baby Time # Sacrifice
Santa is an anagram for Satan and his grand plans are finally unfolding from Starbucks HQ #War On Christmas
As a southern Californian I'm offended by snowmen and snowflakes on my holiday cup!! #Red Cup #Merry Christmas Starbucks
Omg I LOVE tons of homework!!! I can't wait to get started!!YAY FOR ME!!!
Don't worry, with Dave negotiating I'm sure we'll get the democratic, socially just EU for the people we all want  #BBCNEWS
Shame Balls Mills and Central doesn't have turf might have been able to play games
Progress reports !!!!! I'm so excited !!!! # n w c en g l 2005
Normally don't overreact  but NYG game is HUUUGE! #Patriots Nation
Glad to see Jerry Rice is so humble.
There's something wrong in # Atlanta ! The sky is turning blue and there's a very bright, ball of fire floating around. #ATL
Leftover grilled chicken isn't very good unless you microwave the shit out of it. # edible rock
I LOVE getting random Facebook friend requests from people I don't even know.
Last day in the wonderful state of New York! ! Spent some much needed family time, but it's time to get back to work!
That doesn't hurt my feelings at all.
I bet Jesus would complain about the color of Starbucks cups...
I made the barista (who could give a flying ) write #Merry Christmas on my #Red Cup - My Christmas baby Jesus wins!
No, I didn't need to go back to where I was, Twitter. I'll happily browse through tons of notifications myself...again.
What a shame! I was really looking forward to Jem and the Holograms.
Yellow, orange and red difficullty speach optins is great for color blind people
That totally okay? Why do I care?
Dear #O S X El Capitan: The inability to move #Safari's New Tab button where I want it is "great". I "love" the redesign of all my apps
On R train "And they take siblings, guaranteed..." "Thank goodness for my younger son." "...such a relief." PHEW # pack e r problems
Great way to end the day, water tank at home ran out of water. Could be a leak somewhere down the road. Imma stay at MC tomorrow
I saw the #Future Decoded and it wasn't a Betamax. # humor
Did you know the sky is actually blue? I thought it was supposed to look grey and bleak. Who knew?!
What exactly is # p r o f e s s i o n a l i s m ?? Being a machine or Acting like one... # lame
If you don't like what I'm saying, you would hate what I'm thinking. :-) # true story # quotes
Wow, an invitation to battle School,
I'd like to thank Starbucks for taking forever today.  25 minutes in line? Ridiculous.
School all week! Yay for private universities that don't get Veteran's Day off  & Our school has a Veteran's program #Wats Up Wit Dat
Nothing quite says today is gonna be awesome like a cold shower on a brisk morning.
# B i ha r now to see tremendous growth and prosperity. They will surely introduce new #Digital B i ha r .. We # Indians are watching..
I rather do enjoy spilling hot coffee on myself
It's nice to know nobody gives a shit about me I LOVE IT
Quote of the day: "I'm not saying I hate you, but if you were on fire and I had water, I'd drink it." # quote # S l y ther in
Gee I really love daily construction outside of my window, it's super quiet!
I'm gonna vote # T rump cuz his harsh stance on Starbucks! Don't we have more to worry about then fucking Starbucks cups? # doomed
I love having to fix my service truck on the side of the road. #F550
I have always admired people's ability to find something to bitch about before the sun is even up.
It's going to be a lovely day at work...
Stork Nazi says "No Niece For You!" Still getting another nephew though. :) # family # S e i n f e l d # humor # babies # kids # uncles
A week of writing essays. Glad all three of my professors assigned essays! Going to have a blast! # doing home w o k # am writing essay
Got to be to work at 9. Taking the bus and got no jacket. Its 35° outside and im coming off a bad cold. Perfect start to my week.
Nothing like a panic attack at 4:30am to make me feel ready for my first day back to work after vacation! # cries
Thank you Aspen Heights for my plastic dorm mattress! I slept amazing last night!
I enjoy being sick so much, I do it all the time. # always sick
Yes, your entire body does needs to lean on the grab rail on the # w mat a # met r o . No big deal, I wanted to fall on everyone else.
Mike O'Shea must really be looking forward to being grilled on H&L today. That should go well for him for sure.
I love when the one supervisor opens and doesn't prop open the door. Especially when it's raining out.
going to church doesn't make you a christian, anymore than standing in a Garage makes you a car
I woke up at the same time class started... Today should be a great day
Yup, those articulated buses are really coming in handy on 16th St this AM! # w mat a
I can literally disappoint a women sexually before having sex, belive me you cant change nature But nature is change...... / # humour
Chastised this morning for using a "guest" towel. Now we can only welcome 7 overnight guests tonight instead of 8. Oh the horror!
"- Hillary is not getting elected as president. - Selected, Not Elected. " # humor # jokes # Hillary 2016 #Ben Carson #Donald Trump
Boy, this Starbucks cup debate has been extremely riveting #Starbucks Red Cup
Don't forget to be politically correct today and try not to offend anyone!
Aye, Pardew -great guy, media darling! Backed up by one of the best talents I've seen in ages at st James park. BenArfa - # n u f c
Iniibig kita... wait just kidding... I'm just singing that song, hahaha
# At lass i an , makers of # J i r a and #Hip Chat, to go public while profitable. Are they insane? No one does that anymore.
Coz putting a huge rant about someone looking at your shit tattoos is really what people want to see  #Mitch Massacre Sucks
YASS NAJLA, THIS SMALL BOX HAVE WASHING MACHINE IN IT. ITS PORTABLE YOU SEE.
What's all that Sharepoint noise in my Twitter feed this morning?
U # Missouri is offering # diversity training . Why didn't anyone think of this before? We could've skipped the civil rights movement!
Today, I'm lucky enough to be writing about feudalism/feudality. Why has nobody written about this in the French academic world?
heyyy sorry for not replying I didn't want to # true story
The whole Starbucks "red cup" controversy has totally been blown out of proportion at the University of Missouri.
I wanted to kill the sexiest person alive. But suicide is a crime XD
These Christmas ads are brilliant! They remind me I need to stop up on anti-emetics # Christmas
Lolololo. Why does my # good reads book review bring all the overly serious lit. groupies to my yard? Why me? Why this? Why now? Lol!
Don't worry, with Dave negotiating I'm sure we'll all get the democratic, socially just EU for the people we all want # victor i alive
Situation at Yamaha right now: 1 still got a huge hangover. The other 1 is still screaming at Carmelo in his motorhome. # mot o g p
Geez, be c ause of #Heneral Luna # c and or #hum or , the # bastards killed him and even slaughtered him by bun c h of # c owards!
Essay planning and reading Foucault today. Fun times
Want to ensure the success of a site redesign / restructure? Define 404 hits as micro-conversions then just sit & wait.
my two favourite people work in maccies together which means I can't go to either of them anymore lol
jeez, Starbucks. might as well have made the cup blue if you're gonna go denying Jesus.  #shutthefuckupitsjustacup
It's that time of the month when I get to treat myself to some luxury items # ya y # t m i # tamp on tax
Do love a delightfully happy bus driver in the morn
chanwoo always sticked with the guy that bullied him..he must be love being bullied
Hey SLB/Deepika/PC/Ranveer, how many likes to ur trailer in 3 months? What 30,000? Hmm Ok. #Bajirao Mastani # Di l w ale Trailer # Di l w ale
Another doctors appointment this week yey
Seeking bail for Asaram! fair enough. Get Sanjay Datt out of jail. Then put the writers returning award in jail. #Andhera Kayam Rahe
It's crazy how "lucky" the Warriors are this year! 8-0...they should all buy a Lotto ticket! # d u b s # du b nation
Ladies live longer because they don't have wives # satire
Can this night get any worse?
My red solo cup doesn't have a snowflake on it. #War On Christmas #Merry Christmas Starbucks  #Starbucks Red Cup
I have a good idea, let's ruin the spirit of Christmas with a horror movie about! # K rumpus
Late night essay writing, gotta love it
Why must people spoil tv shows??? No, I had no intention of watching tonight's episode of #DWTS # keep your mouth shut
I'm outraged too jerk red cups coming in taking white cups jobs how dare they!!
All this rage over the #Red Cups then I go to #Panda Express and they changed their Orange cups for RED ONES! The nerve!
i shoulda strted up a rap career too damn :/
There are easily 150 people waiting in line for midnight release. Yeah physical media is really dead. .
In a world with homeless humans, war, race inequality, etc., I'm so glad people have their priorities right. Jeez #Starbucks Red Cup
Singko current standing sa isang subject at six absences naman sa isa. Wow, I have been so good this sem.
Missouri having racist in charge at the University.......noooo!!! # Missouri
Baseball all star Jose Reyes arrested for allegedly shoving wife into a sliding glass door, "Somehow, the incident injured him."
It is pretty awesome that Watch ESPN wouldn't let me watch the bears game tonight.
Only need 60 more fantasy points out of Rivers to win this week... I think I can pull this off.  #MNF
Look at Jay rooting on the D. What a horrible teammate.
These are the Chargers I know and love!
I just love when I try for 10 minutes to leave a room but the patient won't stop talking about dancing with the stars.. # nurse life
Goodness, what will happen?  #Roman Reignsvs Big Show #RAW 4 all the marbles!...eventually?
İn the name of ustaz and ustazah, İ wanna get numerous likes.
2 bone Head penalties. This is why this well coached well disciplined football team is 2 & 6 !!!! #S Dvs C H I # C h a r g e r s
My life in shambles rn...Xbox and headset are basically broken, hw is piling up, all my pillows have disappeared...what will I do?!
#MIZZOU Life was so much easier in 1979 when Iranian students where burning the American flag outside Jesse Hall and no one cared.
I bet all racism will cease to exist now that Tim Wolfe has resigned
Serious question: I wanna do inventory. Do yall know any (legitimately) # in tell i g en t ppl who are offended by ? Tell me about it.
Drank a bottled mocha today- can’t believe it didn’t have the Apostle’s Creed on it. # Star bucks
"Things between you and Beckett usually work themselves out". Great advice for dealing with a separation, Martha. # Castle
What!?! The Russians got caught widespread cheating?!? I'm shocked, SHOCKED!!! # r u s s i and o pin g # not shocked
I am so proud to be a Bears fan
I wonder when Brian Williams will fly in on a helo and interview Dr. Ben Carson? # tall tales # the truth is out there
I'm the first nigga to call an uber a "ubz". Just remember wen deez rap niggas take heed.
6 basketball stories in 6 days, a midterm and a paper all due this week. Damn I love senior year. # kill me now
Bengals should just add that loss to their record since they playing the Texans Monday!
Tell the barista that your name is Felicia Navidad. Bye Felicia # n o n t r o v e r s y # who cares # m e r r y c h r i s t m as starbucks
Nice bruise from getting my blood drawn, but I didn't fall out so I consider it a good day. # spoon i e life
You know what would make this tournament better? A #TNA point system. #WWE #RAW
Where's my menorah on the Starbucks cups? I'm offended.
Check out my book to be released soon: An Undergraduate's Guide to Catharsis. butmaybe? # bestseller
#PSA: this couple next to me are having a, "blasty-blast", said the girl after the young man asked her nervously if she was fun.
Wait, you're telling me there are more opposing fans at a Chargers game?!?  #C H Ivs S D
Casual racism on MFC is hilarious (and/or sexy), right?
Crap. The boy "won" two fish and two snails in class today. Yippee.
oh look Malcom Floyd got hurt already...what a surprise!! Lol
Well I'm getting out of here. Thanks for the link to a stream to # Raw .
I hope Barbara kills Gordon. ...I mean, I hope the good guys win. PS: that's an ugly wedding dress, Babs. # Gotham
Oh my Gosh!!! Reigns did it! He beat Big Show!!! I mean, who didn't see that coming...  #RAW
Nothing is better than having your self confidence ripped away from you in a matter of seconds.
No, really, Cole? Roman in the quarter finals?! Holy shit!  #WWE #RAW
Roman Reigns won. I am shocked.  #RAW
We're in England where the fans are rabid wrestling fans. Let's have Reigns vs Big Show. #W W E Title #RAW
Is there anything more exciting than a 2-5 team v. a 2-6 team on #MNF ??  #C H Ivs S D
Roman reigns vs Big show gosh i wonder who is going to win  #RAW
I asked my wife if Ray Bradbury made creme filled eggs. # books # marriage # keeping it fresh # giving # hard time
Hey Delta Kappa - can we really be promoting Starbucks at a time like this? # n cud k # ladies night # un basic
I LOVE FAKE CROWD REACTIONS!  #RAW
SOOO excited to know that I'll be in hays away from family for thanksgiving ....
So much love from my coworkers today it's unreal!
Dear In-N-Out and Chic-fil-A, How dare you not put Christmas on your own cups.
Don't you guys love all of the rain that was supposed to happen today? :-)
I can't take a good selfie lately. I have taken one in days. Ugh, my life is so hard. # first world problems
How will the Broncos secondary be able to handle Alex Smith and the Chiefs WRs with just Chris Harris, TJ Ward and Bradley Roby?
I enjoy flying Coach as #A A Platinum
Monday + unproductive group project meetings due to lazy group members = happiness... #Can You Tell I Love Group Projects  #Is It Over Yet
To all the lovely Florida drivers who think it’s ok to drive without headlights on in the rain/at dusk, you’re the absolute best
# Star bucks obviously hates America too because we don't see them serving red white and blue cups on the Fourth of July!! #Red Cups
I am so confused about the # climate change . Should I start packing? Where would I go? # c n d p ol i # confused about # climate change
Is this the place where I air out my racial insecurities? # M i z z o u
Well now that Wolfe is gone I don't think there will ever be racism at Mizzou ever again...
Hello Stress... *grits teeth* It's SO nice to see you again... # work # get me outta here
"It's okay if you disagree with me. I can't force you to Be Right." # organic # al ys on p o well hair # hair # yoga # c o n s c i o u s n e s s # truth ♡♡
The Monday night football game about to be lit.
OMG guys! It's gonna be cold today!! Like mid to upper 80s!!
someday, the things that will Kill you was not a gun or a dissease, It's your ambition. # sceptical # apathy
Where will #PC insanity lead 2 Girl's hair 2 curly 4 cheer-leading squad I'm bald what if that becomes un-PC? I'm NOT buying a wig
Throat on fire, nasty cough, painful head and my voice stayed at home. This Monday is going to be awesome!
So my parents are at the Juan Gabriel concert but neither of them uses a smartphone. What do you do at a concert without snapchat?
' i met beth and i wanna met her again '. ugh, thats makes me what we going to do with the other motavators? thanks.  (for thanks)
Damn... The NSA is everywhere!! You can't even send a burner phone through the mail without them listening! #The Good Wife # E p 6 # L i e s
I love passive aggressive/non- confrontational people.
Oh no KKKOPPER is going to the locker room what will we do...... #Eagle Nation
Denver wins classiest organization of the year!
Corporate America has lost its Christmas spirit! #Merry Christmas Starbucks
That throw by Gabbert was very unlike the Gabbert I know. #49 e r s
Oh....there is Beasley. Wasn't sure he was on the field
Oh look, a horrible spot of the football. How shocking?  #A T Lvs S F
Potty training is going so well that my husband just asked, "We can teach him to change his own diaper by the time he's 12, right?"
This weekend has been so perfect.
Good thing the Cowboys are on Sunday Night Football. Again. With 2 wins.
Michael Clayton is not having a good day
there are not nearly enough HORSEBALL jokes happening around me.
Eyyy can you please tell me what application that has a perfect quality effect are you using!? Cause you are so pretty lol
All of these tweets about # P e p p e r s taking Cam's ball, people forget what an upstanding citizen sCam was in college # Packers # Salt y
Cu s tomer applauded tonight while I worked hi s purcha s e with our forklift, he mu s t enjoy watching pinball… # s teady h and s
Alford sucks tho so we glad he's out.
Denver should never run again # analysis # maybe #D E Nvs I N D
Also, by definition, can we expect to see Jimmie sit out two weeks for altering the chase?  #NASCAR
receivers gotta adjust to a less than 100mph pass
Mike Evans, ladies and gentlemen. Wide receiving phenom indeed
Great offensive play calling down the stretch Byron Scott, love it
My wife and I were happy for twenty years; then we met.
Peyton Manning killing it for me again in fantasy. #D E Nvs I N D
I told you guys that Colin Kaepernick was the problem. With Blaine Gabbert running the show, the 49ers have a top-five offense.
Remember early this year when Drew Brees was nearing the end. Clearly his demise is imminent.
Luck was touched! Where's the flag on the Broncos?????
Gabbert to celek the new Brady to gronk!!!!!! #49 e r s
On the bright side we held Heath Miller in check # R a i d e r s
Not sure which I'z most excited bout, the #John Lewis Xmas Ad or the # c o c a c ol a truck . Jus wonderin if I've climaxed too early
Phil Simms needs to talk more. #NFL #C B S Sports
I'm sure NBC crew is just thrilled Hardy is playing tonight. Can't wait to have to talk about him and the issue all night.
Sigh. #Sac Kings lose, #S J Sharks lose, and # R a i d e r s lose. Awesome sport weekend... # t hats sports for ya
Hunting for Audino to level up in Black 2. Much fun.
So it took the #Sinai Crash for the people to condemn the #Charlie Hebdo hypocrisy. Oh well better late than never. #Je Suis Jihadist
Just waiting for the Matador to turn up to finish the job for these wolves. #The Hunt # t v cruelty
#Fire Capers amirite amirite?? That OL breakdown... all him!!
Please, let's make Blaine freaking Gabbert look like a legitimate starter. That's all I want. #A T Lvs S F
Aaron Rodgers sure looks like he'd be a great teammate. # t o t a l d o u c he # f u c k t h e p a c k e r s
This has me wondering why the 6 team put the left side tires on the right side?
love it when you're at the stop sign and the other person looks at their phone, then cuts you off. # hit me # f o o l i s h n e s s
People are bashing Starbucks for not having Christmasy cups? God knows that's a truly urgent issue in the world... # priorities
Just saw one of those #P C Does ads. I'm running out right now to get a new # W i n d o w s 10 PC right now!!
Probably should have added  to that last tweet *shrugs*
I just LOVE living in PA and not being able to watch the Giants game
another day...another account I noticed Twitter unfollowed for me..thanks Twitter.
And Sean Miley Moore gets sent home.. Didn't see that coming # x factor # rigged
Man, BJ Raji is tearing that team apart. Can't believe he got mad on the sideline.
Didn't expect that...you couldn't tell or anything...
I'm glad tire issues are going to decide this championship. #NASCAR
It's totally my favorite thing to be talked down to by strangers at the airport.
I love that a player can lose possession when they take a helmet to helmet shot in the NFL.
So glad I started Martavis Bryant this week #Fantasy Football
That's ok. I just mopped the floor, walk across it with your dirty shoes. I'm down with that. No not really.
Man, and I was so looking forward to a Peppermint Mocha soon at Sbux. What a disappointment.
I do love a good stress headache followed by blacking out for a bit. Especially when I'm home alone. That's my favorite.
Joe Buck "Capers defensive philosophy is to not allow the other teams to score" YA DONT SAY. What a cutting edge approach  #G Bvs C A R
Guys wide open over the middle. Never see that during a Steelers game.  #P I Tvs O A K
Wesly Woodard is still in the league?!  #T E Nvs N O
You're right everyone, Teddy is terrible.
Greg Roman is the goat offensive coordinator
# B r owns are the only team in #NFL history to lose during the bye week.
3down 5to go gotta love nursing # nursing # nurse shifts
Nice of the refs to save the Steelers when they don't have any time outs left.  #O A Kvs P I T
Couldn't have happened to a nicer guy. # log a no
I didn't so many people from Wisconsin lived in Charlotte.
Logano crashes! Suspend Matt Kenseth #NASCAR
So glad the packers showed up today.
And yes, I intentionally said PERIODS. NCAA has I instructed not to use the word QUARTERS. NCAA hard at work
And we're single file by lap 3 YAY
Think the # Pat riots could trade CB Rashad Melvin for a Redskins OT mid-game? Just return them after the game? Mutually beneficial.
Spilling coffee on myself has drastically improved my mood.
Cut Peterson. He sucks. We don't need him.
Oh. Saint Shula's back. Let joy be unconfined. # the arc hers
Thank to #Coach U S A for using a crazy route through Union City and causing us to miss at least HALF a game! Argh! #NYJ #N Y Jets
Let's see if "captain Kurt" can save us
you're a great friend. best one yet.  #bye Felicia
Duke Johnson is 5th in the NFL for YAC by a RB. *Who says Ray Farmer can't pick 'em?* # B r owns
Another asylum seeker killed in Oz detention. I am disgusted yet again by the Oz govt. # proud to be an a us t r alia n
I only wish I could be as cool as you
I'm convinced, the Patriots have greased the footballs. # grease gate
Being able to instantly respond with within seconds of a # stupid # question is a sign of a # healthy # brain .
What a great start coming off the Denver disaster
Nothing makes a niners fan happier than to see Michael Crabtree be a good, not just competent WR, in Oakland.
Finally # a c c he din in Bihar will remain for 5 more years..!!yippiee When will entire # India witness it? # bi ha r elections
# H y p o c rites are awesome... let them help you polish your ...
Joe Allen would've made a difference today.
That riggle skit was comedy and we got called racist! Love it man! We hate Indians that's why we are called redskins!!
Yes, FOX, an undefeated team winning over a one-loss team is definitely an upset.
I insist on a starbucks cup with a hole in the side for Martin Luther King day  #War On Christmas #Starbucks Red Cup
Surprise! Eastbound rte 87 is running late! Did not see that coming.  #O C Transpo
When the fire alarm goes off that means it's the perfect time to meet the neighbours # loving life
So, some people are super pissed over Starbucks' red holiday cups and they're boycotting? Yeah, I'm sure this will impact sales.
Of course, our asylum seeker policy is all about protecting people and saving lives, you know.
I LOOOVE when people snapchat the entire concert they went to cause that means i dont have to spend money to go see it.
Yeah so picking Bony over Harry Kane has worked out well. # fantasy football # shit e #shutit Mr A
Im so glad # star bucks didnt offend me with their holiday cups before I got my #PSL fix this year! (both with the cups and the PSL)
Fake friends are the best friends. # i d g a f
Well, we have frost in Iowa. And it’s only November 8. # i a w x
Fun fact of the day, the House has a CIO and the Senate has a CIO. Shouldn't there be just one for all of Congress? #FITARA
Nah, we don't need testing in school (see previous tweet)
I am going to church yes.
Mock exam tomorrow for anatomy... can't wait.
Can we finally leave Greg Hardy alone. He apologized. On Twitter. Last night. We should all be satisfied now.
Not a lot of NCAA football coverage where I'm at right now. Just saw the end of the Sparty game. That's too bad.  #Go Blue
Feeling single when you're in a relationship is such a nice feeling
Because apparently I cannot have any thoughts of my own.
What a surprise! # Lorenz o not being threatened to have been overtaken in a race by # M a r q e z . #Moto G P #Valencia G P
You know what I love? A person who does NOTHING but knows how to do EVERYTHING!! Then tells you how to do it. It's my fav.
Congrats, evil leftists! We've won the War on Christmas. No songs are playing, no stores are stocking. # H ol i day #Starbucks Red Cup
Great to see MM putting up as great a fight for 1st as he did for 3rd in sepang.
All those who voted against BJP in #Bihar Elections are anti-national and have their soul in Pakistan.  #Bihar Results
pfftt marq, I don't see you wanting that number 1 position. I didn't know you were so lowkey  #Moto G P Valencia
Going to the bottle bank is always fun
if every men are same then why dont you cuddle with me? # t we et # quote # quote oftheday # quote s # word s # word # word porn
this 1d album leak is making my life on the internet super fun. thanks again to the asshole who leaked it
I get 2 Big Tastys and a coke at McDonald's and the server gives me Coke Zero
There's nothing I love more than waking up and feeling like shit.
Thanks, douchebag hunters, because no one wants to sleep in past 6:30 AM on Sunday...or Saturday...or pretty much any other day.
Oh how I love the smell of hairspray in the morning!
Bad cold and no voice sounds really nice together
Why have empathy and be compassionate, when you can be empty and full of hate?
When will the # l i b t a r d s and # s i c k u l a r s understand that freedom is a small price to pay for development.
Nice to see Scotrail observing the 11am silence #Remembrance Sunday
This year's enrollment is the best enrollment evaaaar. :v
The news is obvs my fave part
First Delhi now Bihar not sure what's happening!! Hmm I think people are missing scam news ,, they want it more  #Bihar Results
Yes keeper's cottage looks amazing. As nice as a fancy property for letting. It's just like Hazel Woolley to be so nice # the arc hers
Come to Canada an lose money it's just awesome to just lose as much as I did tonight
Seriously, please keep taking everything out of proportion and keep being extremely dramatic. It will get you places for sure
I'm good at life... I should write a book about life practices that everybody should employ
You know who we should have a war on next? Bloody J-walkers, Coming over here crossing our roads illegally. Waterboard the cunts.
I slept incredibly well last night... # if eel horrid #can'twaitforbedlater
ha...ha...ha...ha...ha Oh Emm Gee #SNL is sooooo funny! Way to go hosting # T rump So hilarious!!!! # I was being sarcastic # its not funny
Oh, I forgot, men can't read minds.
Just in:Anupam Kher to organise a rally to protest against the people of Bihar voting against Narendra Modi & BJP.Because:BJP Rox.
You sure know how to make me feel good. thanks.
AHE HE HE... TALKING TO THEM IN THE ONLY LANGUAGE THEY CAN UNDERSTAND GOOD SOMETIMES... GANON KASI SILANG (PERFECT SILA EH)
Man,I have a year for Rise of the Tomb Raider to come to PS4,Thanks a lot Microsoft! >:(
It's a great day to be a Mizzou Tiger!
# P r e s s t i t u t e s showing BJP losing badly in Bihar already but BJP will win elections. Soon real results will be out. #Bihar Results
"Some new kind of dangerbeast!" >we've never been told what all the kinds were # Good writing #Akame Ga Kill # To on am i
It's kinda hot when someone can reply to ur  with  instead of just getting offended
But guys, maybe this is the "quality loss" we've been missing! #M S Uvs N E B #CFP
Dear Bihar, well done. Embrace for impact #Bihar Results
Hard hitting analysis by "Greatest Warrior of All Time," Kelenna Azubuike, "Moral victory for Kings" only losing by 9 to W's.
What a nice way to great your daughter on her most awaited day! Goodjob!
RAISE UR HAND IF PEOPLE NEVER SPELL YOUR NAME CORRECTLY
A white soul singer with a black gospel choir in the background. How original.  #Trump On S N L
Oh man I love this campaign in Black Ops, like it's so futuristic and I get a rad team of dudebros. Blowin shit up yeahhhhhhhhh
Oh, darn. He isn't in the next sketch.  #SNL
Well. Haven't felt like the before.
Nothing brings us together as a nation more than college football.
GAZZA!!!!! Geez Smithy looked happy didn't he?  #A U Sv N Z
So great to see Lane Kiffin win, he deserves it. #A L Avs L S U
Stage makeup does wonders to the skin.
You + Me = May be
So much so for being responsible to the environment, bursting crackers in the name of victory. How sweet!
I never get tired of every WR complaining they were interfered with and every CB complaining they never touched anyone.
Shocking Jake Butt got someone to be his fall guy on the tweet. Never saw that coming
I feel completely at ease with cardale finishing this off.
I feel like refs make bad play calls partly so they can hurry the game along and go home cause their job is extremely hard...
Seems like Bihar wants a # In tolerant govt.
That moment when irrational brain goes screaming off and rational brain can't catch up to give reality. I love panic attacks.
always nice learning new things about yourself
C'mon guys, #Greg Hardy expressed regret over Twitter! What more do you want?! # pathetic # E m bar r as sing
Best win of the season? I think it is likely. # H u s k e r s #Beat M S U #N E Bvs M S U
Oh it's going to be a fun couple of days on Twitter with what I'm expecting to be some very clean and respectful UM-MSU banter.
If LSU loses every game for the rest of the year they will still make the playoffs... # s e c for life
Just couldn't make it a pick 6 haha .... Go Dawgs!
My heart aches for the Spartans ...
Oh noo no no, card ale got hit under the armpit and a top of a helmet hit his facemask! TARGETING!  #M I N Nvs O S U
Wow...everyone is really excited. # scary # T rump 2016
On this same date in '08, gave notice at same organization. The '00s - weren't they grand?
HA, keep on booing Brazil crowd. This is what happens when you are BEASTING 25/8 MOTHER FUCKERS!!!!  #U F C Sao Paulo
Can sparty hold off another "elite" opponent and prove themselves....?  #Go Blue
He obviously was trying to kick it in from that far away.  #NYR
Clearly Rask was the problem # insert eye roll here
Nice to see the punter help out for the # m n go p hers !!!
Strange that undisciplined play cost the # b ruins #Go Habs Go
thanks to whoever fucking leaked mitam for ruining tumblr for me. you're awesome, thanks
#Happy Holidays Starbucks because winter is worth celebrating .
And suddenly, there was sadness. Yay meds.
Just waiting for that pass play that throws it directly to the linebacker again. #It Counts As A Completion Right # H u s k e r s
Bring in the recruits and SHIT the bed, that is how you win at recruiting!!!! !!!
I absolutely love falling asleep alone.. # lonely # cold
Gutsy play calling with over a minute left. # Go p hers
I love that google knows exactly what I'm going to search for # scary
At the Lorna Jane sale in Townsville. I can see all this bad press has really hurt the business, waiting for a fight to break out.
Palat limping off the ice...well that will help the offense....
Saturday night party!! On my couch!! Being quiet... and not doing anything...
Absolutely loathe that melancholy horror Adele's new single. Fuck sake hen, get a grip of yourself and move on. # maybe
Some exciting #SEC football in Tuscaloosa.
Funny how smartphones make some people structural science expert.
Thanks Verne. That was very enlightening.
Ohio state should run the read option more, no defense knows that's what they're gonna run...
Nothing I'd rather do on my Saturday night off then go to a wedding reception.
U have a 6'3 240 lb RB and don't give it to him on 4th &1... Lane ur a genius
Good thing we came here tonight so we can just sit here and watch college football. # ya y
Waited 4 hours for my video to upload.. to only find out I clicked the wrong file and uploaded my old vid again. # i m not angry
How to get away with murder, when I really should be sleeping. Wonder why I'm not a morning person?
Can't wait to hear Verne call Derrick Fournette or Leonard Henry tonight. # retire
How deep is the SEC with the Razorbacks beating an Ole Miss team that beat Alabama on the road! # overrated
Looking forward to Vern's insights during the Alabama LSU game.
Let's just make fun of people with mental disorders
Also it's very clear that what Hardy did was def as bad as Brady maybe possibly knowing one ball may have been slightly deflated
Well, didn't see that one coming  #A R Kvs M I S S
#Extra Life Hour 06: Braid is so mind-melting, I missed an update. Think I'll switch to something easier on the brain... like Fez.
Cleaning the house is so much fun.
Lol Clemson is rushing the field as the number one team in the nation??? They really belong
I love how people dominate the conversation because they love the sound of their own voice.
Why would you throw it??  #Go Cougs
Gosh dang Brandon Allen short arming a pass again. Shocking!
I'm not sure if everyone knows Beathard has a groin injury. I mean they are hardly mentioning it. # Hawk eyes
This is the best O-Line in the world...not one holding call.  these refs..smh #F S Uvs C L E M
That pass interference call could have gone either way.
Joel Stave is clutch and all he does is win
Holy Obama is a true fucking hero eh? Saving the world from climate change. #Keystone X L
And my 6 hour shift starts now #Hall Guard # Fun
There's nothing I love more than seeing officials dictating play on the field. # b s calls # look at me
Oh I know, let's go to Costco on a Saturday before the holiday season. Such a great idea!
# C use has 3 guys on this years roster. Good thing they fired the JD coach. #Orange Nation # C use Nation # C use TwitterArmy
Nothing really excites me quite like seeing a plane full of children # f ml
That apology by the B1G on Monday is going to be so satisfying. Always is.
...why? Because you're employer won't match your 401K enough to retire on... # Pro tip
My dog is super whiney tonight....because you know, he never gets any attention. # big baby
Don't worry. I'm sure the people at Fox Business News are REALLY going to hold Ben Carson's feet to the fire on Tuesday #G O P Debate
Day 1 of # m n deer season 2015: 0 Bucks & 1 Wolf sighting... # just great But the weather is amazing!! #M N Deer Opener
Ida looks really happy this week # A r n e d ah l
Today and tomorrow are going to be fantastic
So those water restrictions 3 months ago? Yeah they were totally necessary... # r a i n c o u v e r
That's thoughtful of BTN to have the Pepp-o-meter to measure how many plays Peppers is in for. # B i as
S/O to the best father in the world for taking my HD cable box out of my room and putting it in his!! I pay for it too!!!
This week i learned: if you are gay you have to not have sex for a year before you can donate your blood. #proudtobefrenchrightnow
4 days, 2 pages written: MyleFey used Writing. It's super effective! # writing # p r o c r as tin at ion # avoidance # too many tags # who cares
Things just keep getting better and better for me
Just seen the vine Costa you are scum worst of the lot I rather be a mate with a murderer # jokes
I understand this is a tragedy. But let's get all the facts though before we make judgement.  #Chris Few
# C l em son sure did a great job of showing Dalvin why he's regretting not picking the Tigers alright. # He is man #F S Utwitter
I'M SO GLAD I GET TO SEE THE THRILLING END OF THIS AKRON-UMASS GAME!  #Give Me Aggies
Wow double ear infection. So blessed.
Why not let clock run to :05 secs?
I can't wait until we are playing flag football. No more contact. Good to see the game being made safer.
Oh boy. Phones at l ive arts events. Never had that conversation before. # no one wins # l and mine #NAMPC # ignite
Sometimes I wonder... Is my -that- subtle?? # oh boy
Fla fans likely rush the field after this win. Lol. #quality Win
I got mr. Personality to my left # poker
A C. believe me i m not creepy these are my antics which made me creepy and you are responsible for my antics # t we et # creepy # c y be r
Inspired play calling here by Vandy
Do I really need to do this? Lol.
Should North Carolina forfeit their 58 points against Duke? The refs totally missed a block in the back!
Track is full of weepers? Surprised so many Kenseth fans showed up at an Xfinity race. # He he
good thing today has been super fun so far ! :)
CHELSEA LOST AGAIN... WOO FUCKEN HOOO! # fuck my life
#Shame On N D T V cause they failed to mention that the mob was so tolerant that they didn't lynched or raped their journalist! (  )
Beth Mowins is top 3 worst commentators of alltime. Jinxing the Gators today too. Thanks  #V A N D Yvs U F
I'm not watching the # C a n u c k s game but it's nice to see them down a goal with only 7 shots against.
Could I 'be' any less interested in doing laundry? Oh Chandler Bing, your timeless classics still inspire. # talk to the h and # not
Starbucks, why are you so against putting "Happy Yule" on your red holiday cups? Stop waging war on my pagan beliefs! # star bucks
Eichel gets his first assist of the year. About time he became a team player. # not serious He was on pace for 34G and 0A. # Pi r r i
Can't wait to get pasty white again
Niall Quinn: "the best way to keep Chelsea at bay is for Stoke to have attacks of their own".......you don't say # s t och e
Teething twins is so much fun!!!! # ear plugs
Grocery shopping then broke again. It's so great to not have fun money. # Daily grind
Vandy is maybe the best team in the SEC. All their teams are just so good.
I need a pill for electoral dysfunction.
Love, love, love how it waits til the weekend to rain. No rain during the week. Just on the weekends.
my absolute fav thing in the entire world is when people don't respond to my texts OMG I love it so much
Ooooooh piss me off so I am more productive
I've already asked this but... How can I be so & don't understand ??? # existent i al crisis
Charlie Adam is one fine specimen of a man  #STKCHE
That players only meeting really worked well for the Cats.
awesome defense. give bullough a raise
. Because beating TF out of people isn't legal.
Well that was a great start for the offense.
I love it when the kids come home from their dads cranky....
Bayern have now gone 45 minutes without scoring! # crisis
Is the ref going to check Tiko's hit on Homer?
greek life at uri must be great just saw a kid puking out his window! # s w a g
Just turned on the manc game..well this looks like it's been an entertaining game.
Breaking news: 9 ways Glenn is Dead. Click the link! Click the Link! # walking dead
Sure, Ill work on toning down my  ...
I look forward to the day im no longer fat-shamed and can go back to being skinny-shamed again. Lol  #Shamed No Matter What You Do
# A n d r o i d is the # W i n d o w s for cellphones.
There seems to be a festering bottle of fruit flies from an old lime in the bottle. I have created an ecosystem, therefore I am god
Eighty-seventh boys state cross country meet? It has been around as long as I have.  #Kind Of
To be inexplicably blocked by two people, one of which I care about, in a matter of 24 hrs bodes well for my mental health. # kill me
Man Utd are drawing 0-0 # n o w t h e r e s a strange thing
Hutchinson with a yellow card? Shocking. # s w f c
So happy I woke up for work today.
I love the unique brand of long ball football that Tony Pullis enforces at every club he's at # total football
"The next #Mac Book Pro shall support 3 #USB ports" ...and the crowd goes wild. A joyous revolutionary event for all of humanity!
Nothing like working at sunrise on a Saturday morning.
OMG! It's saturday, My to-do list for the week is not nearly done.
Was i a bitch last night cuz i worked all day & was tired as hell....i'm sssoo sorry maybe u shouldn't have been an asshole
The day when we lose Jim Belushi is the day we lose a national treasure.
Revell dropped from the squad WTF is slade really that clueless
Well that transfer gamble paid off # M i t r o v i c # f p l # sick of it
Younger was fired for lying but Samson was not for lying about our money that he gave to Nova Star -seems fair I guess
"Why make something difficult when you can - with a little extra effort - make it completely impossible?" # we blight # wise words
# i n f o s e c ProTip: session expiration makes your site more secure, and you should always implement it.
GREAT START TO THE FUCKING DAY
Can't wait to go to work today. Wait.... # lies
Always nice being ignored.. no matter how it's done..
When I wake up on Saturday, my first thought is always 'gee I hope I work today' #Saturday Morning Groove # p r ague in 14 days
Supposedly my day. Thank you for spending it in an extraordinary way.
Wouldn't have guessed footballs on here today
Watching Nigella Lawson making avocado on toast carefully. Don't want to miss any of the detail....... .....Simply Nigella
Flu bad head watery eyes n rugby nose n having to look after a very hyper excitable toddler is fun lol
You're one of the finest, noblest, and the most helpful person I've known so far. Thanks, mate.
Just imagining that for 64gig #Nexus6 P I am made to wait a month... Had it been 128gig ... Next year mate
Thanks to twitter that I need not google how many days in release of MITAM #6 Days Until M I T A M  #This Counter Is Trending Daily :p
I'm not tired at all. Promise
Love it when the rain wakes me up at 5am on a Saturday
#Na No Wri Mo seemed too easy combined only with my full-time teaching, so I decided I would also sell my house this month.
Oh wow I can't wait to get out there and run this morning!  #Gale Force Winds
Well this weather makes me want to get out of bed!
And of course, the Warriors are at the top of both conferences with a 6-0. Who would have expected that
I just love that the nurses come in every 2 hours to check vitals  #can Igohome
#March For India Abhijeet joining the march... Yeah I guess we are still tolerant
Nothing like tossing your cookies in the middle of the night to make you feel fantastic # back to bed # sick
I searched for example of  and this is what I got.. " This isn’t an office. It’s Hell with fluorescent lighting."
I'm not sure if I understand the difference between Facebook and Twitter. # old # truth # up all night
I care so much about what people on twitter think of me
Nothing better than filling out college applications on a Friday night!
just good to know everyone's there.
Not having an oil pipeline won't save the planet. Not much will, at this point. #Great Jobhumans
Have a good show tonight, but there was a lot of nerd hate from the crowd. So, of course that work well in my favor.
My dog never fails to bark after midnight I love hearing it echo throughout the vents
Fun Fact: did you know Hispanics are the ONLY people who know how to clean?
Thanks Dad, you truly are an inspiration..
Putting it out there. If Straus wins, Bellator, can we PLEASE see Straus/Curran XVII? OR I'll settle for Pitbull/Curran XXIII
Guess im gunna be alone. Just like the good ole days.
Everyone loves sitting at home doing nothing on a Friday night... # Friday
Some people, mistake discipline for bad parenting.
OK, so # A v a l a n c he lost another one. At least I can flip over to watch the # N u g gets beat Golden State.
Liked EAs are just standing there hoping to be hit or something.
I'm so glad you can make time to do things you promised we'd to together with your other friends. Like... I don't mind
Oh yay, more stomach pains! How fun!
Not only am I sick, also have pink eye, awesome Friday night
# S p e c t re 007 should play well in # Japan . Opening credits have hints of # tentacle p or n . That's new for #James Bond. # hen t a i # erotica
So the remake with Mark Wahlberg wasn't as good? Hard to believe, eh? #T C M Party # C ha r a de
So the # Orioles may have a basket full of draft picks. If only they could get the Houston front office to make the selections.
Hey, we played the last Game + 54 minutes with No Goalie. What's 6 more, amirite?!? # Black hawks
I love being exhausted at 9 at night # getting older
Saw a lot of people buying leaf bags at Home Depot, everyone's excited about raking tomorrow.
Dealing with a drunk caller was exactly what I wanted before lunch, however did you know?
So many tough questions by Rachel Maddow. # forum is not a debate # m s n b c is a joke
I just really love how West Davidson keeps it classy
I just love seeing the outline of New York State on all of UB's gear
You know what never gets old? TV commercials where men are dolts and women are exasperated at them. # weak sauce
Every c b s s commercial is a psa, I've learned a lot tonight. # c b s s
I got a payrise, I'm earning £0.30 / hrs more than I did. With this improvement I'll make the Rockefeller's run for their money
I love getting horrendously ill while on vacation and driven to madness by my beloved parents.
I fuck ing hate everything. Fuck this day. And my life. Can't wait to go back to working 2 jobs # ya y # fuck # banks are shit t y
I am such a fantastically built up adult thanks to that person arguing at me each day for 19 years!
I mean...we could end for-profit prisons...but we would have to be willing to sacrifice possible Netflix plot lines #Dem Forum
So glad the doctors said my knee is okay no sleep for me # pain # drugs please
wow luv that everyone is now an instant 76ers fan
To recap: that's 6 Holcomb drives, just 5 TDs. Obviously slacking on that final drive.
Oh, right. Sure he will. Completely understanding. # don t trust g h
Was there written approval from Mr K for this electric hoopla?!? # support the new
Pitt is losing to Gannon 7-6 at the under 12 minute timeout. It's been like watching a basketball clinic.
Needs 2 B said: thanks John Boehner for selling us all out & caving to Bamster # c c o t # t c o t # tea party #Better Listen Paul Ryan
The Iowa City bus was 15 minutes late, but it's understandable, with this terrible weather and all the traffic and all
Regina King bosom is doing what??? ... beside flexing muscle? She got terry crews beat ...  #Hair She Buzz
My native language is and It really is the sexiest language on earth. # f r e n c h can el suck a taco
10+ hours with no hydro. Real good infrastructure we have here. Must be why prices keep rising.
There is no greater joy than driving directly behind a car going 12 mph under the speed limit # nothing but respect # safety first
I sure hope none of the players who are real men and don't tolerate abuse or the abusers help Hardy to an early retirement.
Can't wait to work tomorrow :-)
People are so bad for laughing and even at ourselves. Lol (ok Ill add a  tag for the perfect ones) BBL
Game Informer is dropping a 9/10 review for Black Ops III that of which has only been out for not even 1 day yet.....seems legit :/
So it wasn’t enough to shame women about everything. Now we shame our pets? Yay.
I LOVE when USPS tracking info says 2 days, but what it really means is 3...
I'm a white dude and I'm in EVERY GAME. Nope, nothing wrong with that. Super normal. We are everywhere. We are legion.
Can you even imagine if Barack Obama lied about being born in Kenya?  #Ben Carson
So for winning the Rugby World Cup New Zealand get a visit from Charles and Camilla...Awesome!
Yupp bc that's what it is.
My night is hoppin so far......alcohol and doing laundry......gotta love it
There's nothing more attractive than a stranger searching for then messaging you on all forms of social media # g t f o
Mystery of the year: how come Obama's "dentists, farmers, teachers and students" are beating the Assad army? what happened?
I can't WAIT to see the pics of Johnny Manziel's girl's arms and head tho. Imagine the media firestorm on THAT case! Ooo weee!
Hopefully I actually get to see # S p e c t re . When i saw Casino Royale, they had Flushed Away on the projector by mistake. # humor # irony
Girl messes up guy's hair = cute. Guy messes up girl's hair = death.
I love when the Internet at my work decides to poop out on Friday afternoons when I'm trying to get paper work & such done
Ben Carson's West Point story even a bigger lie than Hillary's video lies and email lies.  Shove it CNN
In the office from 6:40 until 5 today...cause you know, I just like it here.
peeshaw.. like anyone will play D.VA # over watch
Let’s be honest, though, the Warcraft trailer is pretty racist for focusing on the non-green orc.
Only sitting in silence cause you make me speechless ;)
Yea sitting in silence on the phone is hella mature...
"They were talking to each other like humans and I thought that was really weird" [ ] #L Hsummit
What do you want to do today? Oh I know! I just want to bitch! I'll just find something to bitch about! Sounds great...
Been a long week at work. Time to utilize my license to chill. #SPECTRE # S p e c t re 007 # Bond #James Bond # movies # action # Sp y # p u n s
A downed EMR makes for a fun FQHC. Now I can see these providers at their best. # modern medicine ft w
''What's your favorite position in bed?" Near the wall so I can use my phone while it's charging
If you view things differently and have your own perspective, you show traits of autism.
Why CUDA is better: it only needs to be optimised for 1 platform, while OpenCL needs to be optimised for each platform it works on.
The Internet at St. John's is amazing I love how well it works when I have homework do in an hour
Browns are positioning themselves nicely for Joey Bosa.... Great work team.
Great way to start the weekend: leave work 1hr later than planned, in rain waiting for delayed train! # t g if
From relaxed to pissed and disappointed in 3 secs. Wow... just awesome
Round two of people taking their anger out on me.. I must attract it somehow.. Fun!
It's turning out to be a wonderful day in the Dennis household.
Sharon's baby bump is huge! #YR girls about to pop!
Soooo # Duke should be ok in 2016. Maybe like .500? Bubble team?
Certainly #India Is Tolerant! We have such Great forces like RSS and 'The Bhakts'! Detractors require appreciating that!
Kanoon ke haath lambe hote hain aur rapists ke dick khade hote hain n v all kn wat dy do together:p #no Confidence In Law # rape
Why do politicians wear white?coz dy r dressed 4 the countries funeral as they slowly execute it :p # humour # politics
I love when rec aids try to tell me how I should feel about training/coaching clients
Opened your 2016 # O b am a care health insurance rates? Happy?
I'm super glad we are having a heated discussion about welfare at work.
No place I'd rather be on a Friday afternoon than at work
Spending the morning figuring out why a four year old phone isn't eligible for an upgrade. Yeah, that's what I want to do.
It's going to be in the low 70's and sunny today. Why God?
Awww. the little Twitter hearts are so sweet.
68 consecutive months of private sector job growth and unemployment at a 7 year low!! #Thanks Obama #Blame Obama  #Obama Is The Man
Nothing better then waking up and throwing up since you rolled out the bed. yay. # i a in t going to work
I'm sure this dumb Cidery being built on Kennedy will be able to sell singles of alcohol! What a game changer!
"You went to Nanda Parbat for your spa weekend? It was the only place we could get a reservation." - Oliver and Thea  #Arrow Season4
Just love getting updates of peoples lives every 5 minutes on social media # don t do it
Thanks for the gender neutral bathrooms # l g b teach 2015
I love when guys "heart" my trades/tweets. $TWTR # bring back favorites
I love coming home to visit family to hear "oh, you've gained weight" From everyone. # ya y
I absolutely love when I destroy my # p ant y hose 2 hours into my # workday .
Oh cool, someone is doing the 30 days of thanks on Facebook.
But but but...mccown is 2-15 in his last 17 starts, and hes 36 years old...so he has to be the problem with the browns obviously!
Yay! More tightened airport security. Yup, that'll keep us safe.
Oh the Usos are back. Yay
Apparently I'm an embarrassment to # Black hawks fans with nonsensical articles. # inter net tough # k a n e b o t s
What's the first thing you do in the a.m? lol, I'm nothing without my first coffee.
All jazz & rock saxophonists are guilty of #Cultural Appropriation, since Adolphe Sax was a Euro classical muso. They must quit now!
I just love getting woken up to the sweet sound of leaf blowers in the morning, especially at 8am
IM SO GLAD MY INTERNET FROM COMCAST WORKS WELL!!!!
Just in case anyone was wondering, I have decided to participate in #No Shave November #Gonna Feel Manly For A Month
Good thing I can read your mind.
$11000 down the drain. God Bless America.
Nothing beats playing a highly polished, beta tested, and fully functioning game. # b l a c k o p s 3 # connection in t erupted
Unemployment hits 5%… Lowest in forever… Damn that Obama…
You dont care about me.. Then why would I care?
I saw a sajid khan movie today #India Is Tolerant
My maid has definitely learnt to say No! #Get Weird # mom life
So here's the thing Google is a heck of a thing man use it! I know I know I ain't #Man You Growner Than I #Get Yo Life
I like when I have real friends # i only have one real friend
3 hrs from home to St. P. Fucking ace! # h s 1 # south eastern
Amazing how some people spend time making poser accounts and hate just to gain attention. You guys have my sympathy # c o z i m full
Can't wait to have lunch alone with my mother today. This is gonna be "fun"
I am so thankful for the weekend and that I am lucky enough to run 20 mi Sun.  #Say Thanks C E C
Heard Dawood wants to let go of the "Don" tag to show his protest against the government. # b l a m e i t o n m o di
"It's the most wonderful time of the month" # Pain # En do met r i os is
I love being right  I can do it too
You know it's going to be a great day when you put your pants on backwards
The ATL airport is such an awesome and friendly place to be at 6:30a.
So Japan is actually full of Asian people... Who knew? # bad jokes
The fireworks that didn't really happen last night, appear to be happening now. Which is nice.
This specific lable thing SM gave to SJ as anniversary present.. Good step by SM throwing SJ away #10 years
Tweeting without the appropriate hashtag can be painful. I forgot my  for the Michelle Bridges comment. :)
The days when 48/1 is considered a solid start #I N Dv S A
There's nothing better than that feeling you get before finals and you still have this huge paper to finish.
What I really love about the city is being able to breath in everyone's second hand smoke on my walk to work. Who wants to breath?!
It's friday gathering day yayayay # s h way a
- Got your passport? - Yes, have you? - No, I'm going to remind you and then forget mine.
My birthday falls on Thanksgiving # great
1:48am - still enjoying my fun evening with excel.. A perk of working from home!
At least id finally get some sleep
Austin just made the best top ramen. I should wife him up. # he cooks too # but its really good soup # officially college kids
If you don't have an app idea, you are not an en t re p re ne u r . # en t re p re ne u r
Lovin' all the extra ads on YouTube now that YouTube Red has launched.
So it begins...that time of the year I start listening to Christmas music! My co-workers are going to just love me . Lol
Yeah.. I know. My dad own the bus, plane and train company. That's why I can choose whenever I want to use..  #Sarcastic Tweet
Well today's going to be fun
I just love late night homework sessions.
I've never once seen any video footage of New Zealanders doing the Haka. I wonder if there are any links on the internet?  #NZ
It's that time of the night when Gina is really tired but can't sleep! So much fun! # its not fun
I'm a very sarcastic person...and sometimes I go to far... # i t h i n k i m funny # others not so much
Wow SMART! Ang bilis ng internet connection!
Glad this game is over, now I can go look at everybody's pics from Misteltoe Marketplace.
I get rubber bands tmro yayyyyy
James Neal doing something douchebaggy? Im shocked!
Why isn't anyone talking about the Bengals being 8-0? I mean, not ONE single tweet about it.
My favorite vines are the singing vines ... Great you can sing well for 6 second! # vines #singing vines # its got to stop
Vampire pandemic... With kids. Well done Alex!  #A H S Hotel
It's a great year to be a football fan... Thanks Cleveland Browns. Thanks Tennessee Titans.
What a great night!! #Save Me # G e e z
My iPhone 4 camera is A1.
People don't get my at work. They say I am being a meanie. I think they rather I act it out. # l ol
Nope, I don't think the # Ben gals missed Eifert at all last season. # He is a beast
So the big news is this Rose guy scored some points playing for this Bulls team? Thats nice! Is this the NBA?  #NCAA
Great foul there, woulda been a sure three points by Jermaine Nelson. Now we make him earn it  #U T Aat D E N
Really surprised we got an unsportsmanlike penalty there...we're usually so disciplined.
Wow so cool without thibs anymore, I love zero defense & not giving a about it # B u l l s # let the 3 s rain
These "Mic'd Up" clips are an incredible insight into what the players say on the field.
Fun fact: Rose combined for 18 points thru the last 3 games. Had 29 tonight vs OKC. Good defense Westbrook.
Oh wow I am really looking forward to Black Friday.
Yay! Australia are going to let us have a play w/ that bat thingy! Yay! :/  #Not Yay #A U Sv N Z
Watchin #San Andreas #The Rock # d way ne john son ; they must have put the budget into the writing( ) because the # c g i looks like shit.
I love it when women are wearing tank tops in SWAT scenes on TV when all the men around her are in full body armor.
No we shouldnt draft receivers. # b r owns
This week's biggest moment: I'll tell my kids where I was when # M i z z o u broke its four-game TD drought. # R o y a l s
I have the most FANTASTIC posture rn
Just what we needed there. # Ben gals
Migraine headache, off and on all day, good times!
I just realized the people who havent followed me that long prob take my tweets seriously!!! Lmao damn....im not that typa guy..
They sell selfie sticks at Costco, but only in packs of 2, sooo.... Anyone wanna go halvsies?
Erica wants to watch the world burn? Great. That is so original.  #Heroes Reborn #The Dark Knight
What to do when airport security finds a bullet in your baggage? You load the bullet in a gun and shoot the one who planted it. # j k
I am shocked that ute fans are already complaining about something.
Great drive for randy starks #TNF # Ben gals #C I Nvs C L E
Isn't amazing how Jewish they look?  #Noahthe Movie
Anyone else realise that Therrien has done it again, putting the Habs top goal scorer with Desharnais. #Fire Therrien
#Smack Down The Wyatts win. What a shock
We just a number 6 team. We definitely don't deserve to be top 4.
With 18 minutes to go before the movie, there are maybe 30 people in here. What a turnout!
So Richard has managed to hurt both 'daughters ' nice one  #Greys Anatomy
#Smack Down And thus we have the Prime Time Dragons vs. The Wyatts. Hope the Prime Time Dragons win
OMFG I wasn’t complaining about Weise’s goal. Note to self: remember to use the  hashtag more often.
my favorite part of doing that study grind is the one day when your brain just nopes and you cant study.
Patiently waiting on the finale of Project Runway
BTW, Kent State leading Buffalo 10-6 at the break. Flashes coming to Peden on Tuesday. Nice, easy 5-day turnaround for KSU.
The Wifi password for this coffee shop (Chapters in Newberg) is "HappyHolidays." Help, I am being persecuted.  #Christin Christmas
So the creative masterminds at Nike went bold by doing solid red on solid red for # Bills uniforms?
Thank you to those 6 people who came in for call of duty.. Made me so happy to stay on for an hour
I won't see The Force Awakens until I know the exact status quo and eventual fate of Luke Skywalker in advance and in detail.
Slides at #IETF94: “PDF created with pdfFactory Pro trial version”. We should make a collection and get them a license
An annual tradition: CFB star faces questions about extra benefits. I wonder if Fournette story means fans won't watch LSU.
Wow, those 4 rows of VIP sure are full of "fans" # caps
It's just crazy to think an oil company would lie to protect profits.
California Love by Dr Dre and 2Pac being played at a youth football game in Billerica. That seems appropriate.
Amazed I found Great Lakes Ed. Fitzgerald on tap with all the variety at bars  #Go Away I P As
Ohhh snap Ben Carson's new campaign ad has rap music! My millennial mind is so inspired 2 vote 4 him now! # j k # voted em
The lesson here is: use the hashtag with care. # f e m b o t s
3 hours of sleep today... Should be a good night. # night shift # i need coffee # i need a new job
Still no loan and my back is in agony. And I can't stop coughing. What a super mood I'm in.
In all my time building eDMs, I never thought to put everything together using Excel. Genius! # w e b d e v # e m a i l d e v
Today at work we switched over from Basecamp to Freedcamp. # exciting day
There will be rioting in the streets of downtown # H u m m e l s town tonight.
Crap. I forgot to put on Facebook that I was going to the gym. Now this entire workout was a waste # s t o p t a k i n g g y m s e l f i e s # we get it
"Dont they look nice."-person, me-"Yep nice as hell."
Trudeau brought back the # census . Hooray to 61 more pages of gvnt paper we need to fill out
Love it when someone replies to email asking question I already answered. # copy and paste # actually read and save us all time
Some folks a few balconies up from ours have sparklers. That seems safe... # an coats #Bonfire Night
Sorry if I'm ever super mean to you, it's only because I think I'm being funny. # comedy
If it looks like in an # e mail it probably is
These hearts are totally okay for all the sweet cancer jokes or freezing migrants #Like Instead Of Favourite Button # T wit t e r
Bang bang pew pew fizz wizz kerbang ooohhh ahhhhh brilliant wow stunning.....
Dealt with zombies, rain, and flooding in my house, what have videogames come too where the VR is Soo good # goodnight good fright
I love t h e Pre-K pick up policy. Especially in t h e pouring rain. # h andto h and # soaked
Log 24: a really nice day in auckland right now and im going to enjoy it by going to work .. lol # work
Nothing shows more respect than sharing a virtual poppy, from Britain First, on Facebook  #whathappenedtothiscountry
What a waste of my precious time.... I had a lot of laying around and doing nothing to do today
Sleeping at 440 and waking up at 7. Oh dear me, I hate everyone. Ha. Ha.
I'm almost starting to enjoy getting up at 4am....
Your status doesnt scream "im bitter as fuck" Hell no, not at all
Lord Sugar has such great. Comic. Timing. It never looks rehearsed. #The Apprentice
Lot of sh**** it's so funny here in t wit t e r I even forget I am using my datas thinking its #Wi Fi... # A d d i c t e d 2 t wit t e r
Crying while waiting for the train!! Thumbs up to today!!!!
It's cool man, if we beat Ajax and Fenerbahce we go through. Easy as fuck. Absolute canter.
Oh the tough draw for Novak... # poor him # sorry its the night for it
So, I haven't logged on in a while. Did I miss anything today? UGA football seems to have been pretty quiet today.
Happy Guy Forks/Fox Day. Enjoy the bombfires!
People are looking at my Linked In profile!! # E x cited
Next stop, a storm at DFW. Love flying into storms.
I am soo voting for #Ben Carson now that he's released a rap ad. I only vote for rappers. Which is why I can't wait for Kanye to run
Thx former Patrick Kane accuser attorney Thomas Eoannou receptionist for your sunny disposition calling for the #Suit U P Podcast.
Im on a birthing ball and the pressure is just wonderful
Oh, yay. We get to see the # B r owns on #Thursday Night Football tonight. #C I Nvs C L E #C L Evs C I N #Bengalsvs B r owns
The best thing about living so close to #H M S Collingwood is that I get to watch their # fire work display from my sofa!
Yeah, lemme just pretend I was in bed dying with a high fever and on hella meds to get out of a math test....
Thank you girls for ruining FOB, P!ATD and MCR for me
I found this interesting new social media called # t wit t e r and everyone is on it! I'm hooked
So bonfire night is not gonna happen as its pretty rainy. Guess the only fireworks are going to my excitement at packing to go away
Surprised yesterday's debate at Holyrood about Tax credits didn't feature on the front page of the National
Masking images all day... Great fun...
I just love waking up to suicide being laughed at.
" that's a sign of depression " I didn't know I was depressed . Thanks for telling me .
Real excited about getting a spinal tap and seeing a neurologist to get tests done on me # i m dying
Using Bible verses to get retweets is a real Christian thing to do.
Can anyone tell me who is collecting all these # returned # awards # a w a r d v a pas i # tolerance towards # stupidity # India # b j p .
Possibly the biggest shock of my life - Burgess back to Sydney. Never saw it coming
Nothing is better than the smell of poop that fills the air we breathe
Just sitting here waiting 4 those knife laws to be revised cant be #Faisal Mohammad 's fault has 2 b the knife tcot # c c o t # tea party
Oh and btw. HOOK IS THAT SELFISH HE KEPT HIS MAGIC RING & SEND EMMA AWAY CZ HE DOESNT LOVE HER. Yup haters were so right.
Datone Jones is averaging less than 20 snaps per game. Maybe coaches are saving him for playoffs.
I love how my days go faster when I have to study for an exam I'm dreading.
Person: what you do for living? Me: I eat food! # food i e
Can one remain # cynical and simultaneously # humble , while dabbling in and # impatience ? Inquiring minds want to know.
You are weird , we should be friends # friends # weird
All # Lions fans can thank me for today. I've been harping on the Ford family for weeks. You're welcome.
Hey guys do you think Blake and Gwen are dating? I'm not sure I can't find the story anywhere
Seeing my heart specialist is always a good time
Yeah, CPCs lied about finances! Give me a break! "Yes the shredding trucks were working 24/7 right up to swearing in of Wonder Boy"!
Cutting a players loan short by two days is such a great way of trying to make the rest of the squad work harder. # c a f c # joke
Being dragged to watch Spectre tonight .. Buzzing with excitement!
November 5th and it's raining. Oh dear.  #Bonfire Night
but seriously it's no surprise this house looks like shit and the ppl that did it aren't even here. that's obvi respect
Is there a big game coming out tomorrow or something? #Black Ops3 #COD # du h
Well I guess everything really is bigger in Texas. including the propensity for hate and discrimination. Well done, Houstan.
Also, please don't follow me to sell me anything. I know what I'm doing despite the "branding." # irony # s n a r k # try harder
I wish # T wit t e r had a font
Hey, he spelled everything correctly. Why'd he delete it? # u g at wit t e r
I love LA traffic. It brings me so much joy!! # la traffic # kill me now
Just caught up the the Nolan show special. Once again DUP show themselves to be a great bunch of lads # not # stuck in 1690
Yes. Please. Come to my DMs to be pissy with me. It's okay. I don't mind.
It's always fun to wake up in anxiety panic. Not. # a n x i e t y s u c k s
Whenever I see " " or " # Humor " I think "how dare you insult my ability to infer when you're being facetious!" # Serious l y
The road to 10-6 and an AFC North Division title beings tonight!!! #Go Browns #11 point dogs #OIC
Hooray! I got called into work today.. # not #$$$
Finally got stuck in the famous Silk Board traffic jam. Now I can say I'm a true Bangalorean!!!  — feeling excited
I just love waking up to things like that
# entry 113 The underworld is so fun
Sony camera battery started on 69% this morning, has just died 6 hours and 340 exposures later.... Crap these batteries
My love for revising peer essays is unfathomable.
I love how today is going
I have rehab for my arm today. This should be fun. # this is going to hurt
I am sure that whyever Diane Abbott is trending right now, she will be given every benefit of the doubt.
hey, make a drop down menu to limit the users response for normalization. BRILLANT # s w f l g is
#You Were So Hot Until you turned me down. Who needs that? # humor
Last night's hour twenty commute and this morning's hour and a half commute makes me happy work in Rockville.  #Thanks Obama
I'm kinda pissed...We only got 2 World Series games in KC. NY got 3!! Just doesn't seem fair to me... # R o y a l s #World Series Champs
Gee thanks Marvel for making Iceman Gay :)
I wish there were more videos on FaceBook that would "bring me to tears" or where I "won't believe what happens next".
12 hour shift turns into 15. Saya. # hind in an a k a k at u w a # exercise pa more
I love people that obey the speed limit in the left lane
What you want to say - You're using it fucking wrong!! SFW version - You're very creative in how you're using it.
is the body’s natural # Defense against # Stupid ity . - # Q u o t e s # Funny #One Liners # Wisdom # H um our
Its like the # traffic signal is playn D days i want it red it gives me green, n d days i want it green it gives me red! # feel me ?
Love rearranging my life- for people who are not my kids.
How awful for these people not able to return from holiday,forced to spend another few wks in the sun for their own safety # s harm
24 National Award returns. Kudos Modiji, Acche Din are definitely here!
Little carries more meaning than to say to a sick person, "I've got my fingers crossed."
I LOVELOVELOVE when people give comments/critique at work when we didn't ask for it!
Beyond tired. This hyperthyroidism just keeps getting better!
I didn't know taking a selfie was that in-depth....
Who doesn't like staying at the airport an extra 2 hours? I JUST LOVE IT!
Back in the day, when I invented blogging and we were all real writers (unlike now) - glitter used to shoot out of my ass.
I love working at 9.30 and waking up at 5.00 and not being able to fall back asleep!! # u g h
but # reality . I simply # cannot # live without #Wi Fi but don't care about breathing in # pollution free air. # In t e r net is more imp
I'm confused, so you mean, once you're a member of # Big 3, you don't always win. Right? #Pakvs Eng
A very important poll. What should we do with people who set fireworks off late at night? #Bonfire Night
I'll ask the sales director lately, he doesn't seem to be particularly busy at the moment.
Curently 9:29 on Thursday first exam 9 am Monday # ya y # n z q a
Oh it's raining again... What a shocker. # En g l and
Everything about # Hal o 5 sucks, but hey at least it has cool animations and a useless power move where you punch the floor # not
Love having to work on my holiday. # love the hut
S/O to TN and there wonderful roads!
Looks like I'm staying up a little later than expected tonight whoopsthanks college you a real one
Ed and Lorraine Warren... Always a sign that the case is TOTALLY credible! # d m talk # m i t d # art bell
Oh no! The marzipan will be so expencive this year! It's the "butter-crisis" all over again! # irony week
If you feel weird calling me daddy call me papi if you still don't feel comfortable learn a different language.. lol # or n ah
The Warriors only won by 4 tonight. Time to hit the panic button? 5-0! # D u b s
Did I hear that right? Warriors have beaten Clippers 18 out of the last 20?..lucky bastards..........
Waaarrrrrrriioooooorrrrrssss!!!!!! Good win d u b s ! Was that luck? # warriors # d u b s # du b nation
Hard to believe we never had barn burners like this w/ the Loy Vaught led Clippers vs. Chris Gatling's Warriors. Ha!  #G S Wv L A C
Man, the NBA regular season is so boring. Nobody tries hard, they don't care about winning, and they don't play defense.  #L A Cvs G S W
I love being ignored by my friends. It's the best!
When your college doesn't notify you about paying for the rest of your semester before registering for a new one. #$6 k
"All lives matter." All lives except for the gays, the trans, the women, and the colored, but other than that all lives matter
Love that I can always count on you!!!  (-'::::::
No, no, you're right, you should definitely be able to carry an AR-15 into Buffalo Wild Wings because 'Merica. # un f r i ended
The SHITcago Black hawks blew it thanks to the tremendous efforts of legendary goalie Corey Crawford # Black hawks #C H Ivs S T L
Looks like another riveting series between NZ and Aus # stick to rug by # don t need brains for that #A U Sv N Z # batting practice # don t bowl there
damn Modesto is like the safest place ever. i love it
Why can't people tolerate a bit of in tolerance ?? # in tolerance # award w a psi
1-0. This is an exciting game that is totally worth staying up late for. #Lets Go Pens
When you get free drinks at Starbucks >>>>>. Being cute AF is a struggle man
I feel really good about myself when I go to YouTube and type in "YouTube."
Being fluent in  is a blessing
Really enjoyed watching the CMA's. I recorded it so I can watch it back every day! # v o m i t e m o j i
I love the dorms I love the dorms I love the dorms
Yo twitter while we're at changing these favorites to hearts can we change the retweet button to a bundle of daisies? # salty
Dropped my cell in the toilet and got a nail in my tire, yes its been a great effing day.
So excited to work a nine hour shift and then spend New Years alone.
Oh, Star Wars Rogue One is jammed in between other SW stories? Hey, worked great for the Dune universe, right?
What is the return policy on lottery tickets?
Mrs Brown's Boys - just as funny this Christmas as last!
"He got an 85% reduction! What, does he want a bj, too?" # law yer # angry # oh come on # law # t sl # vulgar # face palm # y all play too much
With Chip Kelly getting fired, Pat Shurmur is available!! # B r owns # just saying
The second time I got called "lame" bc I said I don't want to go to a hot ass party for new years.... thanks I'm soo offended
I say "seriously" so much more when I'm not actually serious at all.
They want me to apply for a graduate assistantship before I've been accepted to their graduate school. # logical .
Back to work tonight after a long holiday shutdown. I'm super excited!!!!
False rape allegations are a great way for women to gain wealth and prestige, as well as making new friends!
The thing is, it's super likely Bill Cosby is innocent. Women frequently form rape accusation mobs against innocent men.
Constant rain and temperatures in the fifties and sixties in the end of December. Sure feels like winter to me
We've all confused NC State with ND State at one point in our lives, right? Giving the Pac-12 ref a pass on that one.  #Belk Bowl
Really been blinding games on Sky this week. .
Oh, Chuckie. How nice of you to give Michael a line.  #YR
I like how people can just drop it when it comes to drama on here.....
I've got the hammer dulcimer opener to "Little Man" playing in my head. Thanks, Amazon!  #Sonnyand Cher Music Revival
I wonder if any political campaigns or beltway non-profits are seeking donations before the end of the calendar year.
That was a fun 5hour journey from New Milton to Clapham Junction. Onwards to Kent I suppose.
Hey look! #Bill Cosby was arrested! Let's pile on a bunch of hate on a man who hasn't been found guilty of anything! Go Internet!
whoever decided to create a passing lane on a curve onto a single lane straightaway is a genius. genius! #Driving Life
Sam didn’t want him, felt no connection to him until she found out his name was Jason. That’s love, baby. #GH # get real
Richard Sherman on allowing 29 catches in 15 gms: "That'd be a great yr for anybody but me. That's an 'off year' for me" # Sea hawks
Logged on this evening - it sounds lovely outside # phone keep quiet
Cant wait for suarez to become lfc manager
Hulu's award winning combo: Flash and unavoidable ads.
Hmmmmmm 0-0. What a cracking half #LFC # y n w a
I just love being treated like a child. Especially by people who are supposed to be my friends.
#New Year, old me. Only thing I do with # new years re solutions is give them up for # lent . # humor # funny
See the US justice system does work! #Bill Cosby #Tamir Rice
I become a sarcastic ass when I'm pissed.
Gee, I am so looking forward to my 10 minute sprint from Kildee to Sukup every Thursday!
I just love bring ignored and forgotten about
I can't wait to spend pretty much the whole day at work tomorrow.  #FML
New Year's Eve: Celebration Marks the End of 2015 and Beginning of 2016 News feed on Facebook. LIKE NO FREAKING WAY who knew.
Hey E Haircuts, thanks for skipping me when I got here before the woman you just called up! Great customer service!
#All Lives Matter because I'm a fucking twat who wants to erase an already minimalised race of people.
Oh I just love people! # not feeling it # hate people
"Yeah, but 80% of his pain and suffering is future treatment he JUST SAID he's not going to get." # lawyer # t sl # so dumb # face palm
So # Eagles must really want to go London next year. Loser of PHI/NYG game heads to London next year. Only reason to fire Kelly now.
Love the Kardashian gym selfies. When I'm at Golds, I'm sweating like a drug addict going through DTs and panting like a shepherd.
I just love how bumpy the highway is going through Birmingham.
There's that secondary I remember... thanks muschamp!
I love people who take up four seats w bags at a busy airport gate. I'll just sit over here on the floor, it's pretty comfortable.
When you don't have a bed >>>
"What good is your attorney if he can't carry the rhythm section?" # t sl # lawyer # drummer # drummer slife # humor # music # music ians
So Wangusi wants to fight online hackers by using offline methods, how # A we some
Hump Day and Game Day! WhooHoo! #War Eagle #Birmingham Bowl #Trying To Be Excited
Saw movie 'How to Train You Dragon'. But it still didn't help in how to tame my son!! # pa renting
Directory to get into the building doesn't work... so that's OBVIOUSLY my fault.
After I clean of course but I have it so much easier than others.
Thank you for acting like walking on crumbly eggshell around me, you guys are the best. Squad goal 2k16.
the direct source of the story ..... very good GC, very good
The good thing is that the slower I can build my human relationships the quicker I can destroy them.
Excelent sources, GC, logical that to confirm a story you have to go straight to its inventor.
Called the mechanic, said he couldn't get my car in until next Tuesday. I asked him "why you got to be like that"? He doesn't get
This will be a slow moving front, rain event prolonged....highest rain amounts in central Ga. # full of good news
Biggest news so far at #CES2016? Uber is now in Las Vegas! Yay!!! Wonder how they got past $3 credit card fee taxis "must" charge
Driving for hours in this weather is so fun
You cause an accident, but leave your purse and license at home. # w o w # no brain # idiot drivers thanks for nearly breaking my legs.
Oh you don't like shooters? Here, lady, here's a brightly colored stupid phone puzzle game. # thanks # n y times
How do I always manage to pick up the wrong colour eye liner? Life is tough
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood.
Thank god for #Indian Railways and their punctuality. I thought I missed my train!!!
*Reached home* Mom-i called u twice,why were not picked up Me:was catching auto Mom: haan haan hum kaha pyare tume unne jaise
The Eagles deny that alleged gang ties was the reason for firing Chip Kelly.
I love having Dear Husband home 24/7. # help me
So relieved the news reported the favorite Starbucks beverage per region in our country.
Yay calling DG to try and get fucking paid what I should. This is the funnest thing ever!!!!
Great start to the morning !
Nothing better than walking through someone's cigarette smoke. # gross
So, yeah, winter finally arrived at #Yarmouth N S. Thanks, Mother Nature. Owe you one.
email I just sent: "I am a brilliant, majestic creature of stunning intelligence.... sigh." # just no # head desk
I'm glad my friends have cared about me so far this trip!
Hmmm decisions2... can decide which way is the best way to die. Get killed or get hangged hmmm... decision2.. # current legal system
the important thing bout #Star Wars The Force Awakens and #Star Wars in general is the nuance of imperial power and aggression # reality
I love waking up early, going to work, and finding out my shift is canceled.. # no money for the holidays
How wonderful!! The sun is out! *sigh*
Oh... I just remembered.. I have a family meal tonight with Dad's side of the family... Great
My Mother needs to Masturbate her Vagina. In Nomine Patris,et fili,et spiritus sancti. Amen. # ran t mode # holiday depression
I've finally found my go to breakfast: chobani (any flavor), a freeze pop (any flavor), black coffee (any brand/flavor) # pick y # b o c
Started the day with a 10 hour black out! what a way to start!
No, weird 60 yr old Syrian guy, it's totally not creepy to wait outside circle K for an extra 15 mins just for me.. -_-
Storms, floods, ever more erratic weather. 1000s of homes and businesses ruined. But I'm sure capitalism will come to the rescue.
People's opinion should not matter most to you! Prove them wrong should be. # fact # philosophy
"...published 27 referred journals with impact factor of 35". What a great way to compute cumulative #IF...
More posts about hover boards . Yes that's exactly what we need # hover boards # b tt f # yawn
are people becoming more annoying or am i becoming more angry # jokes
You're hurt,doesn't mean your broken # fact # i love you
I love being woken at 5.30 by my bf snoring really loudly, honestly! Best thing ever! # g rump y # power nap later
A serious country is one that provides stable electricity on festive occasions # Ghana
So I've been up 20 minutes & in already in the "fuck everything" mindset. Today's going to be fun...
I mean, the prosecutors and police go after the Avery family, meanwhile Trump walks free? #Making A Murderer
Ever go to sleep hoping to dream, yet wake up in a bad dream hoping to sleep? Me Either. # du r t e
Wooo I only have 3 followers!!!
"Light dinner" turned into an entire thing of rosemary crackers. Go me. # h angry
thank you: neighbor's car alarm for keeping me up well into the early morning. clearly, your alarm is working. # thank you notes
You know what we need more of? # p le in air "competitions" for CASH PRIZES!! # art #WTF
I can't even begin to imagine how frustrated LSU fans must be that their helmets and pants don't match. #A S U Problems
Happy birt h day to t h e smartest, strongest, loneliest, and funniest kid I know, myself # h 8 today #coolestkidont h eblock # i ma we some
i LOVE it when i tell you what is available and then suddenly... OH I HAVE A BROKEN TOE/FOOT/KNEE so I want the front seat for free
God NBCSN, thanks for all the highlights you've given me to choose from tonight
Babysitter of the year goes to me tonight!
That wasn't obvious at all on faking an injury LSU defense.
Goals for 2016: Care less, wear more black, sleep more. # i n s o m n i a c # new years # re solutions # wear black # time flies
Wondering if Holliday will have his speed back by Spring Training.  #S T L Cards
Getting to bed early, this might be the longest commute ever for a bowl game.  #Birmingham Bowl
That convo.. I totally nailed it..
A "good stormtrooper" with a gun could have prevented a lot of things.... #Star Wars
Fake people these days, I'm telling ya, love it
Chip Kelly didn't want to go to London or be on Hard Knocks.
I salute those people who can keep smiling but deep inside they're dying. # jokes
I thought Chip Kelly was a football genus?  #NFL #Chip Kelly
Fire Garrett & hire Chip Kelly!!!! # hot take #dontgetyallpantiesinabunch
I'm exhausted and I feel miserable, such a good night
Clemson had a huge pizza party... Players sent home from from orange bowl for failed drug tests.. # thugs
I love having to jump my Prius
Izzo working Steratore that always works out well for the Hawkeyes.  #I Hate Michigan State
You know what's great? Having lungs that don't work... # i cant breathe
Just got back into the Philly area after a delayed return from a trip to Kansas City. Any big Philly news I missed?
No.. # H a b s definitely got # Goa lied ©™ tonight. They're one player away from winning the cup.
This just in: DeMarco Murray's inability to make a lateral move reportedly the final nail in Chip Kelly's coffin Go # Steelers
So am I going to see another article claiming Batman exists because of Felicity now, or nah?
Here I go I'm about to vent and cry about what just happen to me and how I'm up rn.
The meme generators are working in overdrive for these Chip Kelly/Steve Harvey gems I'm seeing
I just love it when people post about their good deeds on social media. I'm so glad you were kind enough to brag about it.
Brett Connolly with the best 1-3 offensive zone rush I've seen in maybe my entire life
Oh joy a disco queen.  #RHOBH
Got my value out of # ticket master fees. Next-Day Air of my # springs teen tickets. For February concert.
The deadly combination of Traylor and Lucas...
I really appreciate #ESPN scheduling these games so tightly so no one actually sees the beginning of their game. # Time to move on
So chip Kelly revolutionized the # n f l so much he was fired for it
When they don't get your sense of humor>>>
I'm on pins and needles abt # dog pants #Pants Gate #DogPants Gate2015
Now Texas band does "Carry on my wayward son." Straight out of the UConn set list. Playing into the Huskies' hands.
Thank God! I was dying to get Rob Ellis's opinion on the Chip Kelly firing!
Movie night with the fam is going splendidly. # people are rude #thisviolinneedstobetuned # get new songs
Huh? Someone at the T forget the 140-character limit? What are Ashmont riders supposed to do???
I love not getting a text back
Really surprising that Baylor is so undisciplined
Can't wait to see 2 hand touch football in the future...
Man I love getting sent the wrong sized webbing for commission items... >.>
PP expires. Now the leafs PK . this is going to be a good game
If I sound snarky or sarcastic, I am. Grain of salt. Just wasting time here. I am almost never actually mean or rude. SUCK IT.
#RAB Officiating crew is superb. Wow.  #Sic U N C
C hip Kelly is going to "Marryota" # C hip #NFL # Eagles # Titans # Reunion
Huh. It turns out that George Pataki was running for President this year. How did I miss that news?
What if Kelly purposely tanked the Eagles so he could go to the Titans. Think about it...
Chip Kelly is an offensive genius! How the hell did he get fired?! # Eagles
Chip Kelly got the axe aye..didn't see that coming
So glad my friends tell me things. # seriously
"Your flight is delayed," is EXACTLY what I wanted to hear when I got to the airport.....smh
Yay! Another episode of "Let's Kick Jaz While She's Down".
Chip out in Philly. Who saw that coming?
"This picture looks like a space ship!" Of course story telling is something we just invented the century.
"I'm just glad we were smart enough to extend Feds contract when we did" ? #UNC #U N Cvs B A Y #RAB
Nothing like some basement flooding to start the week off right
THAT'S OKAY I DIDN'T HAVE ANYTHING TO DO TODAY ANYWAYS.  #SHOUTYCAPITALS
I'm so glad Shero turned down that Letang and a pick for Toffoli, King, and Muzzin deal a few years ago # damaged goods
Everytime someone dms me on twitter i'm just going to ask for there utube save them the trouble lol
Looks like baylors defense showed up
"be strong," i whispered to my wifi signal. # jokes
Wow i use twitter so much  #whatthefuckarehashtagsfor
I like the fact that I get Perri's pizza updates on my phone every Tuesday about the same freaking deal they always have
"is nobody else at least a little worried that the client might have committed insurance fraud ?" # t sl # law yer # law # fraud # oh come on
There's no better way to end the year than investing $1,500 to keep your car going. # wear and tear # adulthood
Thank you twitter for not showing the top half of those pictures
I love working for a place that adds a half baked proxy. Now plugins and programs are getting errors bc they can't connect.  #3D
You know what makes being stuck inside today so much better? The W network playing Twilight... #Best Movie Ever
Drawing challenge: draw snow on white paper # piece of cake
Love it when people give me permission to sleep in my OWN room. *eye roll* Like thanks guest, Don't mind if I do.
Gotta say that the roads are great
I suppose I'll take one for the team and stay on the cape for another day because of NH's sucky weather. Darn, huh?
more snow is suppose to be coming # great
Umm usually I like getting cat-called..... but for some reason it's weird when it's a large redneck man.... no idea why
As much as I hate school I kinda can't wait for it to start again bc being stress and anxiety free is getting boring
Not only did the colts just sign josh freeman, but they signed away any chances of winning and going to the playoffs #Go Colts
Call off the summit! Canada wins in a shootout! # way too close
They winnnn!!!! Should've just had shootouts! #So Oilers lol
And Barzal could've been a Bruin.... Good drafting, Sweeney!  #N H L Bruins
So St. Jason saved Robin because she didn't have to be St. Robin in front of him. Such a burden for them. #GH
When people say they can't see anything good in you, Hug them.. Because life can be very difficult for the blind.
Robin has a future because of Jason. Oh I can't wait to hear this explanation. #GH
That Jamie Vardy lad is a bit overrated
It's fantastic when rules are put into place to save one from oneself #People Over Process
# team can ad a tied w # s u i #WJC2016. Another hockey summit?hockey 13months a year? More hockey early and often? # just kids # let them play
PTCL - more annoying than Altaf Hussain.  #No Offence #No Bori Please
Today has been great so far: can't do laundry because I'm broke, I broke my lamp and now I can't sign into Wattpad.
"I should host a seminar called 'the difference between 'injured' and 'greedy.'" # t sl # law yer # reality check # humor # law
7 hour trek back home on the snow covered roads was awesome. . Thank god the kids are good travelers
Cant wait to come back from The Army and see what stupid shit is trending.......
So Rock vs Triple H at Mania....can't wait
people continue to impress me daily ........
"They take her to a hospital, take mri's, tell her she's fine, and send her to a chiro. Bam, $21k" # t sl # face palm # lawyer
I love winter because the air is so dry that no amount of moisturizer can stop the itching. # the struggle is real
Work is full of assholes. I'm the main asshole.  #RT #RETWEET
The ceiling in my lab has sprung a leak. Awesome. # science
My favorite part of a migraine is how zoned-out it makes me, even when the pain isn't as bad.
So motivated to work right now... # w hens lunch # i was motivated on mon day
I just love sitting in stopped traffic on 70, two miles from my exit. # get me home
Thanks for the new drivers license, Illinois ... I'm blinking # ill in o is driver services #thanks Alot
So thankful my desk is located in a place where people can stop and chat to each other. Magical.
is the secret language that everyone uses when they want to say something mean...!!!
Such , much wow. Even the Brittish struggle laughing at my jokes.
Why do karma lost this list of people it should came for?
Everybody has the right to be stupid, but you are abusing the privileges. # R et we et #RT
Why we need honest if in the test all the important thing just the score? Why we need process if all we need is the result?
As I have grown older, I've realized that pleasing everyone is impossible, but pissing everyone off is a piece of cake  #RT
Told daughter going outside to watch for chupacabras. She says we don't live in Mexico. Have her trained huh? # pa renting # funny
Coal stocks are up 20% over the past week or so - a bull market!!!
Grow a sense of humour. Then you might just be able to develop a personality.
I love when I end up places two hours early # thanks coach
Wow vanity, way to greet, assist, and tell your customers bye. . #notasinglepersonspoketome
Every time I visit NOVA I am reminded how much I love to drive on 95. # props to you all #idontknowhowyoudoiteveryday
I'm three blurbs and one unpublished post away from finishing my list of favorites for the year. I know you all can't wait.
People who don't understand # B r e v ity # W it are likely to suffer from #Delusional Dementia & the sign? #Smirky Shifty Big Wide Eyes (*0*)!
Yay..... It's snowing again.... I'm... so... excited....
And we also got Klas Dahlbeck (the worst Dman in the NHL ) for Vermette plus Vermette back. Not bad!
If you're unemployed and in a bad mood, calling bill collection agencies is fun. # no faith in humanity
So thanks every other team in the league for letting the Yankees get Chapman. Thanks.  #Chapmanvs Kimbrel
I love being apart of the generation that gets pregnant as teenagers . #Greatest Generation
My dad is a fuckwad. He really knows how to make someone feel good about them selves.
later is the best time to do anything
hey sorry im late i didnt want to come"
Nothing like a big Mac and Coke ....... After a hard day protesting Capitalism... # h y p o c r icy # R e v o l u c ion
Nice to see lots of tweets re Scottish football the last few days! And this is before we get the #Old Firm back! Cant wait! # clarity
I think TSN has hidden cameras in my house. They keep saying "You're watching the World Juniors!" How do they know that?!
I'm so glad I woke up today.
When you're 21 and your mom thinks that all you do is sit around and not contribute to the family. Whoohoo!
What would really teach the A f f l u e n z a teen a lesson? Let another inept judge let him go again cuz: life's hard. # A f f l u e n z a
I just love how I can strike up a conversation with someone and then someone else interrupts and those two start talking
OH on Hacker News "I never downloaded Swarm on principle". Keep fighting the good fight.
One register open for the whole store and the heat on when it's in the 70s. Good going # W al mar t .
You become my muse, ever since you left me. # nine words
Ottawa traffic is trending on Twitter - must be because Ottawa drivers are SO friggin' good driving in the snow... # o tt traffic
I think Claude owes a sincere apology to all the Lampposts! # r a c ist # arsenal # T u tank am on # arsenal fantv
For all of you following along at home, flight delays are kicking again woooo
I slept in my clothes last night. You know, cause I'm a rock star. # lazy girl
There are 10 categories of humans : Those who understand binary code and those who don't.
The Affluenza defense has nothing to do with the flu just being rich? Now I feel sorry for him. # jail for life
Ahhhhhh, nothing makes a better morning than shoveling/snowblowing at 5am..... #Wisconsin Blizzard
Man, that "interview" on the Today show really sold me on Mannings guilt.........
It's probably a good thing it's snowing. Makes picking up trash a lot easier.
Gotta loving when your ride to work shows up 9 minutes before you have to clock in and it takes ten just get o your job....
Nothing says "I'm a genius" like having a scrotum hanging off your trailer hitch on your truck. # really people ?!
What if there would have been no  in life ...! #Being Sarcastic
Got to brave the sales to get my big brothers Birthday pressies. How selfish of him to be born on the 30th of December!
Am surprised that no politician has told FB,for votes they need to give user Rs 500,alcohol n food,not newspaper ads #Free Basics
This is exactly where I want to be today: at the dentist - JOY # dentist
In bed at 10PM awake at 1AM and never really fell back asleep. Here comes a great day!
Perfect way to end the night
Love it when AUM instructors say they're experimenting on their students, nothing makes me feel better than feeling like a lab rat.
Cuz dumb motherfuckers think I'm on meth.
One more hour # blaze # it #420 # stone r # m u n c h i e s # blunts # k us h
My waist isn't 23 inches anymore, ohhh noooo. Whatever will I do with myself? I have to diet now
Absolutely buzzing for work today... # not interested # tired # ill #
Holy shit... I totally have feelings now....only took me watching 10 romantic comedies in a row for 2 days.
Can't sleep...I like to thank insomnia for making this possible.
Another excellent service by arriva trains Wales...
Naaah, Manning would not do HGH, Naaah....He didn't want to win that bad, Naaah # he e
doesn't translate well over the Internet.
Back to work ...always fun # work # early
Expectation is mother of all fuckups # let it go
Thanks Sheboygan county for thinking about your 3rd shift workers and plowing the roads late at night for my drive to the factory...
"I really don't like you" Me; oh no what will I ever do ? With all these fucks I dont give # f ol lo back # mon day motivation
Currently at a point of exhaustion where I can't sleep. Awesome.
This is the worst winter storm I've seen in years!
SFO to IAH flight 1120 delayed for 5 hours then cancelled. Thanks United Airlines. You're the best! # united airlines # the best
i love people that talk about things that they don't understand or know anything about
We love the feeling of ice pellets hitting our face at 70km/hr. # on storm # on w x # first world problems #GTA # ice pellets
Last #Gruden Grinder of the year. However shall we survive? #MNF
Also, so glad I planned my day around a snowstorm that never happened. # m n weather
'Modi Bhakts' should now run 'A Hundred Miles' to protest this intolerance against their desi entrepreneur. Desi Ghee
Hoping the 2 minute defense shows up for overtime. # Ben gals
Now why would you receive to start OT? Makes no sense.
Sitting here thinking......"Remember that time when Justin Timberlake 'invented' beat boxing?"....
So glad to hear the heavy rainfall outside my windows tonight. We desperately needed the rain! # no more drought
Irrespective of 'entrepreneurial' skills, acrobatic postures, Ramdev is full of entertainment! JNU missed the show! #Ramdev J N U Ban
You make me feel so good about myself
Who needs Dean Ambrose anyway! We got John Cena, the Usos, and Roman Reigns! #WWE #RAW
If u can't say anything nice, go on the interwebs anonymously & post it there #This Is The World We Live In #Social Media # Vent in g # Forum
Gosh it must be magnificent going wherever you want & having everything you want without having to work for it
Lol soo funny when I bitched at you your soo annoying do you know that?
Good thing the Broncos haven't scored in the 2nd half in three games. That sure means a lot in this game. # Ben gals # s t u p i d s t a t s
Nice to see Cena coming back after his vacation to bury Del Rio. Can't wait to see Cena as champ again...  #WWE #RAW
Ashley why not be friends Charmaine, your marrying the man that screwed her?  #Black Ink Crew C H I
When only your goaltender comes to play tonight >>>
I really can't wait to see who #UGA names as their DC. I hope it is as exciting as the OC.
Hey a the first ever reviewed penalty  #MNF
Who's ready for the commute in the morning? #5 am wake up call
The Broncos o-line is really contributing in this game.
No please keep posting every single college that accepted you with the dollar amount of your scholarship. I'm a really curious.
Finnally back at the hotel. Ready to prep for the world's most exciting 8 good drive # excited
It's almost time for my 10 o'clock workout...also know as round 1 of snow shovelling. Yay # winter storm # on storm
Tonight I made a frittata, drank some beers, AND fixed my toilet. That's right, guys, I'm a dream girl.
We need better commercials and more of them!
Good thing # Broncos get the ball to start 2nd half -- when they always play their best.
Some guy in a car told me I was beautiful then to o k it back when I didn't answer my feelings are hurt # o k
Tirico and Gruden keep talking about Manning and the HGH story. I mean, let it go guys. Focus on the game a little bit please! # m n f
Great way to transition from New Day/Lucha Dragons momentum... #Miz T V! #WWE #RAW  Hopefully we get Big Show as the New Years Baby
There’s nothing that will help Kirby more at UGA than AJ and AJ winning this #MNF game.
Sure glad we didn't hire Hue Jackson as head coach..... He stinks!
Bench dalton. He can't win the big game. #Who Dey
Well, the good thing is we KNOW Kubiak makes amazing halftime adjustments. # Broncos
Schofield is off to a great start.
Lead is now 6 as Utes start to come back. I am so shocked.
Glad to see the # Broncos showed up tonight.
this defense is all heart #D E Nvs C I N
I'm very excited to drive up a mountain home tonight!
I can't wait for our heroes to get their ass kicked by the First Order in #Star Wars episode 8 and hear how it's a clone of Empire!
because the only thing to make walking around NYC for 2 hours better is for it to get cold
the reason why i purchase #NBAKLEAGUEPASS is because i dont get nba tv. thanks for blacking out the game..
45 minutes in, 1 match that went 20 seconds. Yay wrestling...
I missed the opening segment of # Raw but half my twitter feed loved it & the other half hated it. Dammit Vince listen to the fans!
Well good thing the highways are nicely salted and plowed..
someone just got engaged at the osborne lights so i love holidays
Jobber entrance and loses in less than a minute #Cancel W W Enetwork  #RAW
And now Owens got jobbed entrance?!?? The HORROR!!!!!!!  #RAW
Love Twitter at this time, can't think of anything better than refreshing my newsfeed and seeing the same tweets xo
Congrats Minnesota on the bowl win. Great year with the 6-7 record!
I can't wait to order my #Quick Lane Bowl Champions t-shirt # go p hers
Who's this Francis chan people keep talking about? # Urbana 15 # find or ion
Glad I made it home in one piece so I could watch the 4th quarter of the quick lane bowl from beautiful Detroit.
Why can't Twitter let me do work in peace?!
This weather came at the perfect time.
We got ourselves one of those old fashioned barn burners down at Ford Field #Quick Lane Bowl
This is going to be a fun week
I’m so glad it’s raining again! We’ve needed it so much!
Too bad he couldn't have gotten someone to video the performance at halftime so he could enjoy it later....
Going to work in the dark, coming home in the dark, winter is the best! # i need sunlight # n o t a v amp ire
When telling someone “you are barking up the wrong tree,” do you expect them to bark up the right one? #Weird Expressions
Will Nathan Varni appear in the opening credits of #GH in 2016?
Another day of torrential downpours with a side of no electricity for a few hours. Boy, this December sure has been great!!
Im so glad Mark Zuckerberg isn't giving his money away on Twitter and clogging up this feed too!
Luke babbitt fan page requested to follow me.... ive been waiting for this moment for ages # best pump fake
I love typing because my fingers make that cool sound and i seem professional # Jo k e # Funny #Lo L
Just went s whole day being Amish feels great
And elena seems like shes in a great mood
Why I love Unicorn Way: [ ] RANDOM MENU CHAT FIGHT JUMPERS THAT DON'T ASK FOR PERMISSION AND/OR IGNORE WHEN YOU SAY NOT TO JOIN
Back to work tomorrow. Oh boy. Can't wait.
"20% of his Bill is a charge to PREPARE the bill. WHY DO WE USE THESE PEOPLE?!" # t sl # c hir o p r actor # anger # lawyer # face palm
Oh wow. We get a woman beater as our closer. Yay.
"What injury? He's got one bill, and it's for 2 xrays of the WRONG body part. Am I the only one who sees that?" # anger # lawyer # t sl
Hey, I actually studied yesterday. Today though... Different story. Just like last week. Did jack shit. This gon' be good # f u c k e d
This year is already off to a great start.
"He said he hurt his WRIST. WHY ARE THEY XRAYING HIS BACK?! God I hate c hir o p r actor s." # t sl # anger # real talk # c hir o p r actor # lawyer
Nice to know that when it comes down to it, police officers can literally get away with murder in "defense of the law".
I love the beginning of the year. Makes me think of taxes and budgets. My two favorite things.  #ineedtolearntolikethemmore
Bullshit articles that make sweeping generalizations about a gender,are my absolute favourite.
the way they forced him to drink the poisonous med drink is... worse than gta v's torture scene lol # m n c t v
It's snowing just n case u haven't already read a million other tweets saying so... #Oklahoma Weather # Jay town # smart ass t we et # l ol
I can't think of any better way to start my Monday than with my car not starting.. # dad to the rescue # pleased on t die
I had to go to the mall to deposit a cheque. That was fun.  #Boxing Week
It's about to get existential up in this piece.
I am so glad I am up to date on the news.
I was expecting a 7 goal thriller # m a n v c he
# o o c No charges again for a cop who shot an unarmed child. How stunning.
Manchester United and Chelsea just played a nil-nil draw and the world is just flabbergasted!
8 games without a win, Man U are really fun to watch this year # we need a win
And it's always tragically comical reading what laws enabled cops to get away with murder. Way to add insult to injury...good job
Loftus-Cheek coming on for 30 seconds. Guus giving youth a chance.
It's fine, it's not like I was going to eat my left overs from last night anyway....
Nice, the guy that shot a 12 year old won't face charges # t am i r rice # seems fair
What a great way to start the day!
I'm really glad I went to work today
Great to see Jackson playing! Man Utds Substitutes are such good quality these days # m a n u t d v s c hel sea # B t sport
Getting iTunes to recognize the 100,000+ songs I have. Joy.
My car is covered in ice. This should be fun!
Well, one more hour till my 30 minute lunch break!! # ya y
The Monday after a holiday weekend is always fun # i miss my bed
"active Fisher the messiah , the people will believe " Poile probably. #notbuyingwhathesselling # P reds # P reds ItC
It's so great how they only play country music in here
98 and 55 keeping the amazing 90 sidelined, per Chip. Looking forward to getting multiple 1s for Smith in trade, then  #Eagles Talk
I love when I teach someone political correctness and they get mad at me lol.
So I went to my friends' church/cult today and I learned how easy it is to follow Jesus and not sin. # what is wrong with people # lies
Last adjustment for the year and my braces are scraping my inner cheeks again. Wow. So nice to actually feel the pain again. Wow.
Motivating unmotivated people is very non-motivating! #Motivation Monday # mon day motivation # truth
At least he called and apologized. But the household is obviously more important than a close friend. Gotta accept that
Just been called a 'fat ugly cunt' by some radge that cut the line in Scotmid. I'm evidently beside myself with joy.
I'm amazed that CBJ are not playing their best hockey, what with the stella support their coach is giving # confidence crusher
Your excitement is too much for me to handle. Chill.
I'm still upset that I couldn't vote in a referendum on giving housewives, coloured-people, and Indians the right to vote. # c d n p ol i
is a body's natural defense against stupid
I guess ppl take ice just about as seriously as tornados & flooding. # i l w x
Woooow people! Can't post all these spoilers! If I see them I might get banned! # great policy
30hours of travel in one hit. # come at me
# Go o g le must be a woman; it knows everything — I saw a girl make a picture with this quote her display image. is not for everyone.
When People Ignore You Like Sawab Ka Kaam Ignore Them Like Its Your Roz Ka Kaam ;) :p  :3
Hahaha eventually she's still following me....
Our favorite daily tasks are editing meta tags and descriptions...  #SEO #S E O Chat #S E O Talk
OMG!! It's snowing / sleeting in Okemos!! Take cover! #Pure Michigan # winter #Drive Like You Live Here
Toothache + Sore throat? probably the worst combination ever! OKAY LIFE IS GREAT!
It was a joke. # dumb ass Note the # ha ha . . # not a suicide t we et
Oh, they got the Omadome back up and running. # joy
Back in Paignton for the week! I' m glad the traffic at Bristol wasn't bad, I' m lying. # m 5
All my earrings fell the floor. What a beautiful accident :) I will enjoy picking them one :) by :) one :)
Oh thanks for warning me, Dad, that you decided to mow the lawn while my cats are playing outside.
sehunie looks not comfortable at all in LMR stage.. ㅠ.ㅠ applause to sbs gayo daejun pd!
poor uri exo..they keep holding their mics and in-ears during LMR performance.. well done sbs!
Nothing like a flooded apartment to make the holiday season bright # so not thrilled # can i cry now
I'm so glad everyone snap chatted the weather. I had no idea it was snowing. # social media # get a life # or maybe i should
Just loving the fact I got a nail stuck in my leg
I love when my early morning flight to Charlotte gets cancelled... # i hate flying # t e le port at ion please #Happy Holidays #CLT #YVR
Rick Pitino has the most class in the great state of KY
Poor Obama. He inherited so much from George Bush he has had to dodge & hide from for the last 7 years. #Its Bushes Fault
Re-Tweets, "Likes" & Dm's from spam bots are the best.
So proud. My son has learnt the selective hearing skill. # t odd le r # mum problems # three n age r
Going to see people who know nothing about me ..... To talk about my problems. Super fun. # u g h
I'm shocked the Colts making the playoffs doesn't include a coin flip.
Birthdays in 1 week. Yay to getting older.  also getting internet back tonight!
Monday is here. Back to work. Woo hoo... # post grad life # post grad problems
Gosh I totally LOVE coming into work in the morning to a nicely chilled A/C  #This Is Ridiculous
# Winter Nice to see you again. Thank you for reminding me of your power. You really brought back memories
I'm still upset that I didn't get to vote in referendums on letting housewives, coloured-folks, and Indians vote. # c d n p ol i
No, tell me more about how this thing that brought me great joy should make me as miserable as you are. I'm FASCINATED.
# span is h dudes. Yo no # f ol lo back if ur profile is 500 pics of chicky tits. Feminists in me will not permit it! Post few # cats pics
#There Is More To Me Than my sarcastic jokes. There's also my sarcastic laugh.
The mark of great game design: endlessly respawning enemies! Rushing past them helps, shooting them doesn't. #Callof Duty Black Ops3
When you're on tour and your car breaks down # having a lovely time # every things gone so well
YIPPPEEEE another inch of rain today!
Got in at 7:10am this morning. I missed my job so so much!  yeah
Yay  In my wisdom I booked sons endo appointment for 8.30am. What was I thinking?!!!
Everyone seems to be in a happy mood today
When there's more sauce then food. No really! the sauce will sustain my hunger...too bad if it was my last ever meal.
bout to drive my car into a pole. blaring death metal when you're injured makes you wanna do it. i dont get why
Most 2015 i never forget: 2.6 bil donation
But its fine, always been the fuck up
Roadtripping to Cork with the family. Beautiful Irish weather & we're all talking about how much we love each other & stuff.
And the Mac Pro is a tiny, silent, task eating beast of a machine! Amazing value at only one kidney plus residual operation pain!
aaand my fantasy football team lost in the championship yay. ? # yes
After the scandall of TVXQ stealing Tohoshinki's red color now cassies are claming to be Cassiopeia! THE ABSURD  #Redis T V X Q
I swear if Tong Vfang Xien Qi tries to steal TVXQ's color too I am gonna flip the table  #Redis T V X Q
Congrats to that other Melbourne team crowned as W-League premiers today. It helps with 8 ex Victory players/coaches in the squad.
I just love how people think i fall in love with people just for their looks. Just love it. I am super shallow apparently
The # snow apocalypse is about to make its appearance tomorrow... # great
Just get me through this 4 day work week, another solo NYE, & then turning a year older weekend. # Excitement
Oh yea and the best part of today you ask?? Finding out we have a leak in our bedroom under the floor!!!
So did the NY Giants lose? THANKS
Road trips are so much fun with 2 year old twins # in case you missed it
15 minutes until we get Kassian # a new hope # poor star wars an a ol g y # o i l e r s
Teddy Bridgewater is pretty impressive, wonder if Cleveland wishes it had taken him over Manzel in the draft...
Those TVXQ guys... can you believe TVXQ's UKnow is using Tohoshinki's YunHo's name??? Absurd!!!  #Redis T V X Q
Way to show those Vikings who is boss Eli Manning!
"I am such a nice lady."
42-10 Minnesota. So glad the NFL gave us this over Steelers/Ravens
He is not really a friend. He is French. # reality #егөө # movie quotes
Nothing adds to post-Christmas depression like buying textbooks #Thanks College  #Forever Student
Might as well give the trophy to the Vikings
Sweet, I get to watch the Packers try to clinch the North by destroying another team on #SNF in week 17!!!
I clean everything and then I'm purposeless lol exactly the life I thoght I'd be living at 22
Everyone I work with talks so respectfully to me
Yo tweeps, this girl keeps favoriting/liking my tweets. She keeps using aliases but same girl in the pics. I think she's into me.
I'm sure CJ Spiller will put a nice word in for Marrone
Hayyy. No excitement at all. None. None. None.  #E Kcited
Yay, the pause glitch is back which mysteriously shows up when I get a turnover #Madden Season
They're expecting all the rain that's currently causing flooding to give way to freezing rain and then snow? Hurrah... # weather
Dear Mom: I'm glad you enjoy spending money on yourself instead of your children. You obviously have your priorities straight
I love getting ignored. I don't think anything makes me happier.
Hey ... Give our kickers a break ... It's cold out there [ ] # Vikings
I love when people start conversations on our posts days after it was posted.  #N W S Probs
But teddy can't throw over five yards, he's not accurate enough!!!  #Teddy2 Gloves #SKOL
Really loving the effort of the Giants defense, way to sell out for that defenses stop! #NFL
But I'm on your mind..... Ya.... I can tell...
Ever come home to cops because a co-worker called in that you were a "suicide risk"? Me either. Till today. #Shit Keeps Getting Better
One's injured but innocent of violence. ...
Tanking?! No way! Not this team with so much pride &integrity just to get btr draft pick you say?!This teamfights!  #Cowboys Nation
Hurray. Bad weather tomorrow morning. Absolutely can not wait to travel to work in this.
When you # follow me, you get # s ass , , # s e x i n e s s , # logic , #stoned Philosophy, #science Fan, all in one. Some # daddy issues here&there.
If you cant beat em, flatter em
I love watching constant 4 on 5 hockey.
It is me, it is me!!! Mark Zuckerberg picked me to give his money to!!! I'm about to be rich in less than four minutes.
I love it when naive middle schoolers get all political!!!!
When everyone is such a dick so you're like damn it I'm out numbered might as well join them # humor #Lies Told To Us
hmm... Cesc wants to leave Chelsea, how surprising...
Great example to the young kids from NFL on FOX extensively showing Rams players mocking and cussing at the fans.
The fun part about visiting home is seeing everyone that still lives here.
Thanks for a wonderful performance two weeks in a row Mr. Rodgers! # w he red my money go
Well, there goes 3 hrs of my life I'll never get back. Thanks, # Packers .
Plagiarism...so awesome being a victim of it.
My night couldn't possibly get any better.
I LOVE being short bc I see everything so clearly! # x t re me winter
Lady Violet is waiting for cousin Isobel to arrive, they have dinner and chatter planned! There's something new. # Down ton
And the offensive play calling from the Green Bay sideline is still spectacular
This team has no identity, but hey, they're in the Playoffs! # Packers #Go Pack Go
I'm surprised Benn was well enough to get the assist on the goal #S T L Blues # Stars
so glad # eagles replaced #and y r e i d with # chip k ell y # eagles nation # chip must go don't let the door hit you in the ass
THIS MAKES SENSE TO KEEP RODGERS IN #PACKERS
So did one of those backup tackles let that happen with no help. I mean how does that happen.
My favorite thing in the world is listening to you self-inflicted problems.
Got a gift card for the regal...good thing I got all these gf's to go with
I love one dimensional female characters in comedies.
Good job for prioritizing the activities inside the floor rather than work and be productive! Keep it up!
Wow I feel so loved I can't contain it all lol
That Sturridge lacks character he does. Doesn't have the mindset he doesn't. Won't play through pain he won't.  #LFC
Yay, a forecast of sleet and freezing rain with heavy winds tomorrow. Which could lead to power outages. I can hardly wait.
When your family ditches you for Christmas and when you finally see them they don't even acknowledge it # not even a sorry # best family
Good start to the second half # Packers # game over
The Packers are really putting up a good fight today
I love the feeling of turning the corner to see a non working escalator. #Whats The Point #Every C T A Station
That missed extra point is the shot in the arm we needed. We got all the momentum now.
Thanks a lot Masthay you just allowed our QB to get sacked 2 more times because of that boneheaded fake punt.  Our #OL sucks!!
I really love the O-Line this year!
so glad I've been seeing everyone this break
Nice to know I can count on you
How do I decide what to eat when I have endless places I could go to in Oregon?  #Luckies Or Bdubs Take Out
It's nice to see the packer offense is keeping drives alive...
Back in the land of never ending cornfields and dismal grayness. I'm overjoyed, obviously.
Chris Myers and Ronde Barber. Rams & Seahawks. The gifts keep on coming.
So glad Brady took a knee with 20 seconds left.  #N Evs N Y J
Oh my, if the patriots were to lose, my Sunday would be ruined.
You hate Cam Newton for totally legit reasons and your revelry in his not reaching NFL glory is perfectly rational.
That Ron Rivera is a crap coach. Panthers should have hired Mike McCoy, obviously. # C h a r g e r s
sad but true! that's life, the only positive result of knowing that -- 1st you know the truth behind that "loyalty"
This is a classic fun jets game
Who could possibly have it better than us? #49 e r s
Now I just need to drive a jacked up ford with a rebel flag in the back # p t
I love the rain especially when the power goes out. Houston is the best y'all
Least he didn't take a knee. And you people want to trade for cousins....
That's a non call. Good job refs
O-line in the whole draft #49 e r s
INSTANT ANALYSIS: great use of a timeout # To ml in . You are coaching so well ( ), Harbaugh might actually beat you. # Steelers
Julio Jone caught the ball over a tripping safety and a much shorter linebacker. # Cong rats
Really looking forward to the game vs Chelsea tomorrow...... Not! # l v g # boring football
They demonize Bill 4 sexually assaulting women but don't care that Rush called a woman BITCH who wanted taxpayer funded abortion!
Gee ..... against this Baltimore secondary, area you sure the # Steelers shouldn't go back to a more run-oriented offense today?
Love to find pics of me! (not my pic) # l ma o # wt f # it is what it is # bitch craft # bitch y humor # fuck e r y # c ray # for re altho # ice cream #…
Some agencies still hang their hat on delivering impressions. As the saying goes, "Quantity over quality," right?
Beautiful strategy: # Bills anticipate the INT and so they killed the clock at end of that drive. #D A Lvs B U F
Yay unexpectedly working on your day off! :D
You know what I love the most? House hunting.
It doesn't get more entertaining than watching a golf tournament...that's a rerun from a couple months ago! # girl friend of the year
Field goal brownies here we go, woof woof
Tamme showing his elite blocking there.
Manziel is on point today!  #Clown Show
Oh work... How I've missed you..
I'm okay that Hermione is black, she's still a filthy mudblood... #The Cursed Child # b l a c k h e r m i one
RT can't throw a deep ball...must have been an accident. # Dolphins
There are not enough shows about Pablo Escobar.
Having a nightmare where Bella was about to be shot for not doing what she couldn't do was a great way to start the day.
Catching up on the # Bears game. I see special teams are continuing their stellar 2015 season.
Well this game is off to a great start... # do i have to stay # writer problems
Sorry I offended you when I called you a stupid, I had no idea you thought it was a secret! #Stupid Rules oModeOn
# to ml in teams are always ready to play!
Apparently I can write better with my internet disconnected. Who knew?
I asked my bf what color I should paint my nails and he says not black # so helpful
"I dont mind the Cowboys not making the playoffs, I just hope #Jerry Jones is the NFL Executive of the Year again," Said No Man ever
Gotta love the # F al cons playing with fire knowing they still have a shot!
Only two more weeks of Lions football. They had "quite the season"
Trying to embarrass me is not necessary I do it by myself it just fine..!! ;-)  alive again
Because I really wanna go to this :/
New year's resolution - put  on my sarcastic tweets.
Surprisingly not seen any "I'm going to get the gym hard in 2016" tweets today....No wait Twitter just updated & my phone has died!
Let me know when you're able to emotionally process me calling you out on your # bullshit ... I'll be here. # family time # this is us
Coach Ditka says Al Jazeera is a crap news organization that spreads lies. If coach says it gotta be true # keep to football coach
"Hi I'm C h and le r and I make jokes when I get uncomfortable" # Friends # Q u o t e s # C h and le r
There are no golden calves in the sanctuary, so we're obviously not guilty of idolatry  #If Only #Live Tweet
Al Jazeera; America's number one news source for all things NFL.
SO GLAD MY TICKET SAID TAKE OFF AT 10:15 WHEN REALLY WE'RE SCHEDULED FOR 11:30. THANKS # del t a
Why did you ask him 4 money at that time? Or just bcoz u r a little short # down and out # beggar # of course #look down
Going to the mall? It's ok you don't need your taillights on for the short drive. # h al if ax # i d i o t s # n s storm
Rubio and Gowdy may be RINO's and Reagan was a socialist but can we all agree that Hillary is a true conservative and must win?
Back to going to Sunday school. Yea!!!
Waiting for teen top comeback, chunji solo debut or at least an OST, and 100% comeback
Love it when I get to work and everything is broken down
So, thanks to all of you who kept complaining, "it's too warm for winter" in Austin. I hope you're happy now.
As a cat owner the first thing I want to read is a shit ton have died in a fire :( :( # damn you fire
Well 2015 couldn't end any better  ... I think I just broke my toes!
Honesty is the best policy but insanity is the best defense
Haven't drank in 6 months I feel great after last night
You've got a great personality, but not for a human being.
How wonderful it must be to walk through life absolutely certain you know everything
Rock and Robins # t we et all day and night because I don't have a # life
It's cool how Facebook is convincing everyone to show reruns, because there just wouldn't be enough on the Internet without them.
GF : Baby, earthquake feel hua? BF : No baby GF : Huh, tum to ho hi insensitive :/
Shocker that Nerlens had his best game of the year with Ish at point.
The best part of having neighbors is when they play loud and bad music at two in the morning and don't let you sleep.
Tonight was my 10th time being pulled over but my first time getting a ticket # blessed
Read some shit from people I went to school with claiming people as racist. OH MY. I'm glad they decided to educate themselves
Retweet this to be awarded 4.5 million dollars. The owner of Twitter is giving away money to 10 lucky people.
Also, I like how you don't favorite tweets anymore, you "like" them.
*looks outside* Me: Omg it's like a friggin blizzard outside! Dad: Yeah did you not know we're under a blizzard warning?! Me: ....
*3am phone call* "Hey are you asleep"?? ME: Nooooo I'm sky diving!!!
I love when I'm charging my phone and can expect no notifications after I charge it
i literally have no idea what im gonna do if i dont end up rich # damn feeling
Gotta love the clarity DRS provides.  #A U Sv W I
Shawn Eichorst is full of holiday cheer.  #Pay Nebraskas Coaches #You Bowl Money Hoarding Greedy Pig
Obviously with the way Washington is playing in comparison to Nashville . Barry Trotz was the problem! # p reds n h l # capitals
Soooo.. ... How about 2015 ending so beautifully, am I right?! # laying it on pretty thick # bring on 2016
Ugh. Drop the ball. #Mental Mistakes  #Dont Yell At Me
Seriously Eagles? What a stinker. Can't wait to see what "GM" Kelly has planned for the offseason...  #P H Lvs W A S #Eagles Nation
I'm going to be in Tempe with my family on New Years Eve. Oh what a joy.
1 yard in the 3rd quarter for UCLA? Wow great Defense for Neb! # clock management
On the bright side, the #Odell Beckham suspension no longer matters.
Sixers win! Sixers win! Go crazy folks! # S i x e r s win #Sixers Talk
Another hour and a half and I get to sleep for a bit and then go and do it again later. Yay!
I have literally left my bed twice today, to get medicine and to get food. Being sick is fabulous.
Hey # H u s k e r s quit playing so rough.
The # Eagles two big offseason acquisitions just connected for a Fucillo HUGE play right there. .
There goes DeMarco Murray proving us all wrong.
So who's ready for tomorrow's pre season type game between #Cowboys Nation and the Bills? # cant wait #NFLSUCKS
Having a hard time finding a job in the field? # shocker #HAH
That Eagles trade with the Bills McCoy for Alonso is really working for the Eagles. # terrible trade .
That McCoy for Alonso trade was just brilliant.  #W A Svs P H I
So even though he's down by contact he has to maintain possession even if a DB rolled him over 58 times. Smart.  #NFL #Dumb Catch Rule
UCLA is a little chirpy. Darn California teams. # c al if or n i a kid
Logical, he just kneeled instead of spiking #W A Svs P H I
It's ok...I never believed face masks were a real penalty. # H u s k e r s
Obviously the Redskins game won't end up coming down to a not-attempted field goal. # i don t like that
Early nominee for next season's fantasy football team name: "Chip Kelly's System"  #Bullshit Artist #NFL
Great clock management by the Redskins #W A Svs P H I # funny ending to the half
Smart move Walter Thurmond. Smack the ball away...give a free first down and a chance for the Skins. # S a a v y
Oh good! We get to hear from Deion Sanders during the Lexus Half-Time report on this Saturday edition of Thursday Night Football!
So it's totally cool to spoil the F out of tv shows but not movies? # sub t we et
Christmas cheer tonight has been too immense. .
And yes # Buffalo , these Sabres are terrible. You're definitely right this season to not go to their games. Uh huh.
I've read about how great the design focus is at AirBnB... then I used their mobile site... # nailed it # u x
Wait was that Emelin who got beat wide? That never happens. # H a b s
Man, when Chip Kelly's offense gets rolling it is impressive.
Crosby's back! Best player in the world again! His next goal will be in another 8 games. # useless
Great job by Billy Davis adjusting after Reed went right down the field on them last series.  #P H Ivs W A S
No Jordan Reed isn't Pro Bowl worthy... Not even close
Receiving automated thankyou for following messages on twitter is annoying because all you do is continue to self promote I get it
Who needs real life conversations when you can have virtual ones with yourself on # t wit t e r # humor # boredom
I used to # wonder who would listen to all my # shit and than twitter was formed and I was blessed with virtual listeners
Subban with a dive? Say it ain't so!  #Caps Habs
Skins looking real sharp to start this game.
Does your # self interest # match my self interest? If it does than you will follow me! # self ish # humor
#Im Sticking With Abbott because Muslims shouldn't be allowed to hit a century for Australia in the cricket  #Need More Flags #Dearth Cult
"Casper"... He sure is gonna scare the crap out of someone
I should change my picture into one where I look # hot t aka trick you into thinking I'm good looking so you'll follow me # humor
Sports fans burning jerseys of former players is always fun
RT henwood16 31 # lot to lucky dips for our work syndicate and we won 2 free lucky dips? # really # winner # so # happy # not # depressing …
He: You're so so funny She: I'm not funny, I've a good sense of humour
All I do is lose lose lose no matter what # my life in a song
Nice to see IU getting cheated out of a field goal and potentially a win
# l a d y e d i t h s face isn't as fat as mine, so i'm still spinster and she's not. Yes,thats it.
Successfully managed to lose every hand. # lucky day
Ok 2nd film mentioning  soooo we all know where this going
Cause clearly my DM's are going to be full with offers now... # jokes
You know I'd really like more articles about how difficult it was to make "The Revenant". Ppl need to know about Leo's struggle.
Just when I thought Mark Jackson couldn't get any dumber, he goes and totally redeems himself with his comments about Steph Curry.
Interested in seeing the "North Pole"? (Well, that`s what the Mrs. calls it.  #One More Joke
These announcers for the #Sun Bowl are really not biased towards Miami at all
Trump is good for providing jobs....He ensures that fact checkers will have job security. # pants on fire
Glad to see my friends are there for me when I need them most. .
Just watching the Sun Bowl that's taking place in the middle of a blizzard. Ya know, like it's supposed to be. # snow in t ex as
That day after Xmas get together with all the same people we saw yesterday for Xmas. Good times
Sure, # Movies ! Network, it's okay to play # the monster squad now that # Christmas is a day past. :rolls eyes:
Today just keeps getting better. # someone help me
Oh, great, a snowfall warning! My day just got better!
It's referees fault that we haven't scored a single goal.
Some people really know how to make you feel better...
Intentionally kicks Koz, could have been his 2nd yellow, gets a goal instead. Seems fair.
I love playing Southampton away.. It's such a great fixture for us that we do really well in..
Wow I asked for a hover board and all my parents got me was a ps4 and a camera and a telescope and a bike.. :((((
When something is working well ... I always say it's time to change it up and do some random bs ...
Did i mention how happy I am that Cena is coming back Mon? #RAW # j o h n c en a # not happy # sorry not sorry # s o m e o n e e l s est urn # u g h lol
Where's all my followers in Bangladesh & Sri Lanka... Fucking missing you guys We never seem to chat anymore
Unsportsmanlike conduct calls against a # c hr is pet e r son coached team? Now I've seen everything!
Bad shit this flooding. Looking forward to country's around the world offering support & financial aid like we do.
On fire today, apparently no one else thinks so!
Does anyone ship traitor stormtrooper with Finn # ship it
I almost drank spoiled milk. Hip hip hooray.
Working out the day after Christmas is always a barrel of fun. # i ate too much # o w # s q u a t s # why god
We might have a tornado today.In December.I just love Oklahoma weather sometimes.
Thanks, vet, for putting me in the scrub-up & lube-up scenario when everything was fine & normal.  #Happy With My One Baby Though
Nice to see that tackling is still an issue
Wait till football season just wait.
This in no way was influenced by our trip to Build-A-Bear earlier today....
Love spending so much time with my boyfriend over Christmas
I'm really hoping more viral memes about alternate Star Wars theories make it into my timelines. So fascinating. # cash in gin
Hallelujah.......Lee Mason's remembered where his yellow card is.......  #NEWEVE
Nordic electricity market price below one third of the price guaranteed for Putin's Rosatom/Fennovoima. "The only way for Finland"
The jacked A the ist just made himself a grilled cheese toasty.. Mmmm. . Toasty #God Provides # A the ist #grilled Cheese
I guess I should expect a day full of awkward silence now! # cant wait
the originality of anti-feminist comments really just gets me
Oh you can't show up, what a bummer # knew it # always happens
I'm liking how original these dab sweaters are
Karel Fraye for the Charlton job, for the Belgium job, for the job as the President of the USA. # the interim one # legend # c a f c
Totally can't tell that's a baseball diamond. # s t p e t e r s b u r g bowl # t r o pi can a field
Oh boy. Today's drive from #DFW to #OKC is gonna be FUN. # o k w x # t x w x
Mourinho was clearly the problem. # c hel sea # blame hid din k
I love bowl season..I love watching bowl games where the attendance is less than the state championship games in the Georgia Dome...
so i stared reading berserk on christmas and boy lemme tell u does it get u into the holiday spirit
Wit and sarcastic banter are my aphrodisiacs. # thoughts # truth # humor # love # wit
You can never have too much CGI in a movie.. # not # avenge r sage of u l t r on #Boxing Day
Get to drive through a monsoon here in STL to get back home tomorrow. The rain and flooding is supposed to be record breaking. # ya y
oh i forgot cena comes back Monday! wooo hoo # w we family
Ordered a jersey n a training kit today... Thanks for repaying it in a perfect way #Man Utd  #heart Broken
What an amazing impact Rooney has had on this match! #LCFC should consider getting him if Mahrez leaves #Boxing Day
Oh yeah! I see the youngster in the squad. It had to be only Mourinho who prevented the youth have a go.
.. Beyond thrilled for work this morning
How does # Fella in i get penalised for fouls so much? He's so inconspicuous. Almost ninja like in his stealthiness. Eagle eyed refs!
listened to hotline bling twice in a row # e a r g a s m # thug life
Love spending my morning getting a screw out of a tire and a patch before hitting the road. # screwed
It's a whole day late but Mother Nature didn't forget to give me her present! Thanks. # cramps
If Google automatically completes all your searches, it only indicates how unoriginal your ideas and problems are.
# So ft ware : "anything that is screwed up needs to be fixed." # psychology : "It is a part of our nature, get used to it"
55/3 Where is Bell when we need him!! # man for a crisis
Nice to see those flood defences are working well
Oh yeah, smart. Be loud and keep being loud, waking the baby as a result.
Cool... you just don't understand the struggle don't you? *pertaining to the previous tweet*
Practically been promoted to family head chef for the day # no pressure then # irony
#Boxing Day 'Footgoal' matches CANCELLED!! Will the earth turn on its axis!? Is this a sign of the apocalypse?! #Boxing Dayfootball
Waking up to throw up at 3am if badass
< Working on Boxing Day # excited # ya y
// i'm not tired at all
is just one of the many services I offer
Just got done watching Concussion. What an uplifting movie to watch on Christmas.
Gosh! That new Channel 9 show "Welcome to The Habibs" doesn't reinforce cultural stereotypes in the least!
RT tadegroot Finished AlexHonnold's "Alone on the Wall"...no big deal indeed. # climbing # amazing
Nothing like not being able to sleep on Christmas so much fun
I just love how the family decided since its Christmas we should send mean text messages and just spread hate across everyone.
You know it's a good Christmas when it ends in an argument.
When it rains, niggas get wet. -DMX # belly # bars
The commentators should talk more about cricketers from the 70's and 80's.They don't do it often enough. #Boxing Day Test
No less than 4 couples got engaged on my FB timeline today. Good for them. My married friends always say marriage is awesome!
Please tell me Brooke isn't really pregnant # don tactually tell me
I love slow texters soo much y'all
I have two thousand and FIVE FIVE NINE followers {559} #valley Boy # S w a g # Yes
I love when people come out to be someone who is totally different.
Well I just got water all over my mac book... # screwed #Merry Christmas To Me
No, yeah. Totally love being sick. 1000%
Some people are just simply amazing .
Spent my Christmas ugly and hungover with my fam.... Couldn't ask for more # maybe
Lakers should have totally drafted Okafor though...
Thanks for looking out for my fantasy team tonight Tony Parker. Great effort.  #Really The Rockets?
Man this Christmas just keeps getting better and better!!!
Yup there goes our season better luck next year.
I wish every night could be just like this # hate this bullshit
Hot bath and book time, for tomorrow...this retail peon has a 10hr Boxing Day shift. Because that will be so much more fun...
So happy some of my "friends" texted me for Christmas. Ha ha ha # love y all
Sony A7SII firm ware updated. Pretty exciting. # camera update # firm ware # c h r i s t m a s t w e e t s #sony A7 S I I # S log # camera
Cooking a Christmas turkey in an oven that is less than reliable is awesome . All I need is the Bumpas dogs!
Christmas miracle: u2 cover band at the resort
I only post things that I don't mind being stolen
Facebook's "On This Day" just made me realize that whether it was 2010, or now, is something that will remain constant. # life
Love being the only teenager in a sea of conservative rich parents
Bought a blu-ray player for a friend. didn't come with HDMI cable. Box didn't say. Increased the price by a third. Merry Christmas
If anybody got any gifts that they don't like (oh like the wrong color iPhone) I will be more than happy to take it!  #Be Grateful Ho
I can't think of anything I love more than getting to work on Christmas. # nursing problems
The # holiday season is the worst period to watch TV. Just because there is absolutely nothing to watch. Time to go see some friends
Nice free throw display at the end of the #C L Eat G S W game.
LeBron clutch down the stretch.  #Curry M V P #Dub Nation
is the best way to find kindred spirits and weed out the unworthy
You're right, Steph isn't the best in the NBA.
Back to back possessions with great help defense
And quote it with "but that's none of my business" at the end.  with a dose of panache. heh
I rest assured knowing that the Cavs have the best transition defense of all-time
Heading out of the country for an impromptu trip. Fingers crossed "they" let me back in. # is la mop hob i a
Really solid basketball take Mark Jackson... # Curry
I actually feel very flattered when people copy my Instagram name ;) You know who you are! # spicy forever
Buuuuuut we don't even like basketball !? Haha
Back at work in 8 hours #Cant Wait #Loving It #Super Excited
"Girl take pride in what you want to do, even if that means a new man every night inside of you"....
Literally had no sleep. Thanks so much ihop coffee  (where were you when i needed you during finals week)
# S c h longed is a terrible word. # Tea bag g e r ? Now that's perfectly acceptable. # T rump
I'm glad nobody tries to understand me and I become the bad person to everyone
Yeah….more rain…. . Glad we got to throw the football for a while before Mother Nature remembered she hated us.
Don't you just love it people change there character's look  Well that's what I'm doing I'm making her a bit more original
Warning cancelled. Not an all clear yet though. # woo t
Luv listening to my cousin talk the whole night
Good day, really looking forwards to getting up at 4:30 tomorrow though
Oh good - Michael McIntyre's Big Christmas Show!!
Well my dad sure does know how to spread the holiday cheer on Christmas
What? My mom is getting upset and there's family drama! On Christmas!? Nooo way!!!? This NEVER happens on holidays!
Glad to see the 15th annual Northeastern Pennsylvania Home & Garden show is so big it advertises on our web site. # face palm
Today is going so well  can't I just have a break for once? Please?
#I Should Be Wrapping Presents But It's A bit late now is't it?
Oh good! Downtown Abbey about to start! .
I got a black sweater when I asked for a graphite one. #Parents Fucked Up # Kill me
Can't think of a better place to be on Christmas than work
What's better than watching A Christmas Story all day? QUOTING IT TOO YOU FUCKING TURKEY #Merry Christmas
My dad should just be in charge of everything, everywhere, always
This earthquake was caused by Pakistan to destroy the Indian gifted Parliament House.
Good thing all sports fans who have nothing to do but watch sports today like basketball.  #How About Some Football #Id Take Curling
Only gotten 2 Merry Christmas texts. Great friends I have. # d o n t d o i t p l z
Forget #Star Wars im mad at all the people who spoiled #Point Break for me. Ugh dont people have any internet etiquette? # jokes
So my Christmas is going pretty good.....
Being yourself on Christmas is ace # fuck in g # shit e
I truly enjoy waking up alone on Christmas
So far # Christmas 2015 involves a dog fight and trip to the ER for stitches. Off to a good start! # m e r r y c h r i s t m as
Nothing says Christmas quite like Jurassic park 2 does it itv?
Because being on social networks and ignoring the ones in the same room is what Christmas is all about.
I am so glad everyone can get along on Christmas and spread holiday cheer.
My niece and boyfriend don't give gifts. Instead are going hiking. My Dad: why give a gift when you can go hiking?
Nothing screams Christmas like a picture of your own face!!!
Skyping my not quite 3 year old niece whilst wearing my Festivetime antlers she exclaimed: "Nice costume!" . It's genetic.....!
11 followers?! Watch out! # join in #Its A Wonderful Life #Christmas Clap Back #Christmas Eve #I Should Be Wrapping Presents But
Nothing says Merry Christmas like Donald Trump bragging about ICE raids. # politics #Merry Christmas # i mm i g ration
looking at what's trending today, r e a l l y puts life into perspective # grow up
This is not a scheduled tweet and I am not promoting my business, blog or podcast. It's Christmas Day #My Feed Today
I probably should append  to that last tweet before I get some hapless social media manager in trouble on Christmas
Talk about home for the holidays.
"Goes online shopping" "Puts everything I want in a cart" "Checks subtotal" "Laughs and close tab"
It's just CRAZY how this could happen
Thanks FB for reminding me of my fondest memories
I love Christmas with Gord. Celebrating the birth of baby Jesus and all that.
Enough xmas sharing, back to my interest
Aw no breakfast places open at 5:40am on Christmas day so late ugh.
wow I can't wait to see every damn couple getting engaged today # no p e
I can truly feel the Christmas vibeee!
I love skyping my family at Christmas time. It's really good for my self-esteem.
This "hood niggas vs. street niggas" topic deserves to be taught in colleges.
Note to self: majority people lack  gene, don't laser beam em.
So plz xcuse my rubbish jibber jabber..aint that bitch! Hmm, pay attention, ull probably find something useful in there..somewhere
Can't wait to watch my grandma ballroom dance with her instructor!
Not so excited to see you 󾌪 # Peace
Uh, ovaltine isn't a thing anymore. way to make your movie timeless, A Christmas Story
I have to see my dad today. # great
I like what America did with Christmas.
I'm so excited to see everyone's presents laid out on snapchat!!!!!
Mack leads the league in sacks? Man RM has been terrible with his daft picks!  Can't wait to get back on-air Saturday from 5-9 p.m.
I'm so excited I work everyday of break. It makes me just so happy
I should probably try to fit in and change my twitter name to something festive right?
i suppose i was just born into the wrong era that's all
My opinion:  is the highest form of wit :D
Thanks for listening mom. Great talk. I really appreciate the encouragement for my dull future. #parentsdon'tlisten
I LOVE IT WHEN MY IPHONE RANDOMLY TURNS OFF
Even My Heart dropped. #Best Christmas Ever # not
So glad to be back home in Fox News country. Love a political debate right before bed on Christmas Eve.
so a&e threw more dung today. good to know.
I just finished friends...someone please set me on fire # b e s t c hr ist ma sever # crying
"Im still alive in case u dont realize"
Had to get educated about what pushup bras are by my husband...ummm had no idea # schooled
Yippe kai yay and have a merry Christmas! Can't wait to receive all my *free* gifts from Bernie and the Democrats!  #Liberals Suck
OMG! So many questions left unanswered in THE FELLOWSHIP OF THE RING! This movie sucks!
This angina is most clutch right now.
Can't wait to see all the stories on snapchat tomorrow!
Amari Cooper with -.9 points in the 4th quarter for my team. Great!!!  #Fantasy Football
I love all my Christmas gifts # didn t get any
Nothing like spending Christmas Eve alone...  #doesntfeellikechristmas
Can't wait to leave my house at 3:30 am to go to the airport #Merry Christmas To Me
Turns channel to check out UK's new OC, down 34-0, yep looks like what we need. Turns back to NFL. # Y u c k #Same Ol Same
Yay gamestop sold me a disc witha dent in it. Im so happy
Worst Christmas Eve ever. Yay can't wait for Christmas Day! # wish i was anywhere else # en g l and # hate
Spending Christmas Eve at an airport Waking up at a hotel Christmas Morning # my bucket list
I can't wait to work the next 10 days straight
Dont everyone text me at once I dont think my phone can handle it
Yea! The annual Jen gets sick at Christmas time event has begun. Yea!
"You won't" is the adult equivalent of a double dog dare # family time # holidays
Received a xmas gift from my job. 2 hours of overtime on christmas! What more could I ask for? #Merry Christmas
I guess I won't be watching #A Christmas Story this year. Thanks # Net l fix .
I cant wait for tomorrow to see everyones Christmas presents. Thank god for snapchat # chill
You know you're having a terrible day when jumping off a cliff into rocks seems very appealing. Happy holidays to me
Oh my god. Best Christmas ever!!
Nothing like being left alone on Christmas
Coming down from 3 week long panic attacks. So much fun. # not # panic disorder # t is the season
yayyy to going to family gatherings and listening to people trying to get you to vote for Trump and ban Muslims  #NO #CHILLFAM
it's Christmas and I have the flu. # ya y # b ah hum bug
But don't worry he's a scapegoat for your sins. Because killing someone for your wrong doings makes sense ( ).
It's like 70 degrees in NYC, but # global warming isn't a thing.
The secret to making people feel seen/ understood is to ignore what they say in order to get your much more important point across.
I just got the best Christmas present of all .... My period! .... # this would happen to me
dad gets home and makes me want to go to my room # cool
Wow. Hilliard. Y'all got some lookers.  seriously what's in the water? Lard and ugly pills?
If you don't post a pic of the candles that were lit at your Christmas Eve Service it didn't happen and you weren't there.
I hope I wake up to pictures of wrapped presents and a Christmas tree on my FB feed. Said no one ever. #Christmas Eve # Face book
Pretty upset I missed the snow in Omaha since I left last night #No Snow In Loup # W inning
My friend: you are a lazy ass Me: I know, I was born a rich man in a poor man's body # t roll
I'm buying a house in AZ cause soon it will be beach front property. Is what I would say if global warming was real.
I'm so excited to spend Christmas at work
Wow holy shit... All this snow England has I'm surprised we can walk in it, I love white Christmases #White Christmas
Omg climate change be 4 real #Bill Nye The Climate Change Guy
Yay my sisters inlaws self invited themselves to Xmas day dinner.
Moggs is the quietest santa ever honest # e d d a
Ahhhh. Spending quality Christmas Eve time in a Kmart parking lot. This is how life should be. # Truck in g
If you happen to have the good fortune to visit a mall or grocer today you will say America & its # Christmas spirit at its finest.
I'm so glad I technically have four families that I get to spend time with on Christmas
I mean, it's only a 6 hour drive... # who o
Nothing tells employees how much they are appreciated then having a full workload on Christmas eve. # c h r i s t m as # s c r o o g e # b ah hum bug
Watching #The Santa Clause with my boys. I haven't seen it before. It's filled with  so therefore I love it!
I love love love being voluntold to do something.
Wow what a good Christmas Eve
Get ready to hear what an upstanding fine young man the dead # thug was at the #Northlake Mall shooting today. #Liberal Logic
Apparently a mall shooting in my state. But don't worry, I'm sure guns had nothing to do with it
Just doesn't feel like winter in TN without a good ice storm  #warm Christmas
liars are literally my favorite thing ever
It wouldn't be Christmas without my dad freaking out and acting like a five year old. Yay for everyone feeling like shit!
This is some el niño we're having. Fck. It's snowing so hard all of California's freeways shut down
Always nice to be served with a smile when your paying £4.30 for a beer. # shit club
Surrounded by 2 amazing singers in church. Life is great.
I'd love to meet this Jesus that only wants a "shout-out" as oppose to transformation. This Jesus I read about is demanding.
I love having to be someone else when I'm at home, it's really validating
I love that Mother Nature is wishing my a Merry Christmas
Conspiracy theories are a great topic for a Christmas Eve lunch
SO excited to see my extended family and get that annual question "you're about to be 25, who are you dating?" # not
I love that people only talk to me when they need something # ya y
Am i the only one being sick and tired of the xmas tree selfies with children possibly wishing merry xmas? # fake world
Had Spotify not told me via email and 5+ app notifications, I would've never known the Beatles were now available for streaming.
Yay, in the doctor's office on Christmas Eve.
I guess no sleep for me today. Tonight should be fun
What a great few days since I've been home. # its been awful
This Bahamas Bowl. I can't believe they're playing this late in the season on such a crappy grass field.
# global warming What a hoax. It's always swimming pool weather on Christmas eve in New Jersey.
Hey # Spokane sincere thanks to all of you who blow your snow into the middle of the street.
I want to thank the woman sitting next to me at the airport on speakerphone with customer service. You are a true winner!  #CLT
If you want to hide something from me put it on my voice mail. #Too Cool For You # wit #SEO
panic attacks are always fun, especially when in a store with people behind you in checkout and you don't have enough money.
I'd like to give a huge thanks to asthma for wrecking my lungs the second I was born! Woo! Go asthma!
Disappointed in #Star Wars ... no trade embargos! Easily the best part of the prequels.  #Star WarsTheForceAwakens
Well this is gonna be a fun christmas
Can't fucking wait to see all the decorated dinner tables tomorrow
Just going to take this opportunity to say Happy Easter to everyone
I just love laying in bed all day deeeep inside my thoughts.
Do these sweatpants have pockets? Of course not! 'Cuz that'd be a stupid feature on a garment designed for comfort & convenience.
"The Republican Fear of Facts" leave it to liberals to start this trending on Christmas. Such warm hearted good intentions for all
Don't your love it when your mom says your too fat to look good in that outfit.. Man I love shopping
SUPER BUSY TODAY. SUCH BUSY. ALARMING AMOUNT OF BUSY. # d a n k m e m e s
eighty-five on christmas eve. love florida.
I notice many Twitter dullards shoe-horning the inaccurate nativity scene, aimed at children, into refugee parodies. Nice one.
People need to be with their families on Christmas! Shame on companies that make people work! Who wants to go to the movies? :/
Blasphemy! I just heard a radio announcer say Merry Christmas to everyone!  #Merry Christmas
Can't wait to see my newsfeed blow up with people getting engaged tonight. #Christmas Eve
Ugh so excited to go work today and not be with my family
Rspct 4 those threatened Mangaluru activist 2rape who complained agnst vandalisers.Our India needs such DESHBHAKTS  #Support Dilwale
United Airlines has lost my sister's luggage. Good thing she's not a Brazilian unused to the -20c Winnipeg cold and needs clothes.
And now none of the computers are working so this is the best
Grocery store on Christmas Eve. Obviously the best idea I've ever had....
Anyone know if Charles Woodson was a good DB, and is retiring soon?
You like music??? NO WAY! Me too! # it must be love
Nothing like a crisp 68 degrees to get me out for a run. it's not really crisp, it's humid. #NYC # weather is crazy
Now watching one of my favorite Christmas movies: Reindeer Games. Such a great message of giving.
# gone with the wind : So many quotable quotes."Really, Scarlett, I can't go all my life waiting to catch you between husbands."
Just lost power, guess I can't finish vacuuming # what a shame # di sap pointed
Gipp Forester, you magnificent Bastard! It feels like Christmas eh? Every story brings a tear to my eye!
It's 72 degrees and foggy. Yep, it totally feels like winter!
good to see people dodged the cliché of leaving xmas shop to last minute, avoiding needless traffic + incessant queues # x m a s t w a t s
Now that's what I call a Xmas Bonus
Man, how come the heavy snow from every storm always goes around Omaha? # no dome # snows n a r k
This is gonna be a jolly Christmas
I will give the neighbor videoke singers a perfect score of 5/7. Partida, they have been singing since 9AM. Do they even sing, bro?
there is no politician that hasnt used the slogan "this place needs a change" and once they clinch the game,its them who change
DVLA online licence checking service is broken, only other option is a premium rate number # welcome
You haven't *lived* until you've heard #Cascada's rendition of "Last Christmas" # w ham
The protests are basically this "if I don't get my way, nobody can get theirs". Sounds like a peaceful protest to me.
The amount of snow out there is completely overwhelming. My truck is buried in the driveway and I can't get out the door.
Way to be on top of those icy roads Lincoln
Now that I have over 100 followers, what should I do? I'm indecisive when it comes to celebrating such huge accomplishments!
Fisher's coaching is why we couldn't beat the best team in East, with the best player in the world, without Carmelo # K n i c k s
It's nice to see that they need like 8 people for closing tonight & like 5 people for the rest of the day.
I'll be spending my Noche Buena, Christmas and New Year at the office! Greaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat!
Why hello 4:30 AM I haven't seen you since yesterday! # f b
My emotions will have me off my rocker. Can't wait. # p i s c e sly f e
#T E A M Gary B is 3 deliveries away. I can hardly contain my overwhelming joy.
Yay! Let's go to work on this fine morning
I told my wife to return all the gifts that she got me b/c nothing beats the gift of John Jaso!!! #Merry Christmas # Pirates
Thanks to the postal service for not delivering before Christmas! It wasn't a present or anything # next year #Xmas Eve # problems
Christmas Eve starting off with a bang so far
"Can I ask you something?". "Yeah but it's gonna cost you £5"... "Oh, it's like that in the UK?"... CLEARLY JOKING! # epic fail
That "red ocean" TVXQ mentions in "Mirotic" meant Ikon's fandom?
I love getting sick on Christmas Eve. Nothing better.
Thank you touringagency for dropping us off 5 hours before check-in we appreciate the fact you don't want us to miss our flight
Just found out I'm having surgery # woo p y
Out since half 8. £60 down already. Dare anyone to wipe that smile off my face. Christmas is so cheap!
wow ... how unexpected now it's definitely sure i won't join this convention! #bloodynightcon_europe
In my Birchbox, there was a hairband. Wow how exciting
So now I can't fall asleep well that's great!!
So I called Coop Bank customer care and am proud to say that I spent my credit being talked to by recorded messages, how nice
And all RIGHT before Christmas! I'm so happy I could just scream... Scream, I tell ya!
I'm so excited to move right after #New Years Eve I'll be in a SUV for new years. Yay.
One Ex-IITan created the epic formula - #Odd Even Formula! Salute to his application of mathematics to solve real life problems!
Say no to decorative lights this Christmas. Save Electricity, Save Earth. Happy lightless Christmas.
looking forward to dealing with my OCD while wrapping some oddly-shaped gifts tomorrow
Awwww, John looking after the psychiatrist he kissed. # no p e #GROSS
Don't forget people, Obama is to blame for everything going on. He is the sole purpose for any racial problem or protest.
Treated myself to some new # b o se earphones. Now I can hear all the compression in my music as annoying background noise. Yaaaay.
The storm goin on rn is so comforting. Like, I feel so safe by the window I can't even tell you.
I TOTALLY DID NOT SEE THAT COMING # team no sleep #whenyouseethemonyourdash # i m tired # oops # hash tag
No, no. Pretty sure we just celebrate Christmas for the fun of it! Nothing whatsoever to do with Jesus Christ! # are you stupid or
The amount of laughs that take place around my family is outrageous. # impress ions # badjokes # singing
Well at least the Lakers didn't lose to the Thunder by 40 this time....
Also it turns out I've been coddled my whole life.. Who knew?
I really love coming into work and finding a huge fucking mess and a "to do" list.
Travis $cott used to make beats?
Levitated only in dim or no light. That's not suspicious at all. # d m talk
Definition of a bad game for #Steph Curry: 25 Pts/5 Reb/7 Ast/5 3PT Made. # W a r r i o r s
Wait, you mean DRuss comes in and we get points? Who would have thought  #Lake Show #Fire Byron Scott
Thunderstorms! It's an electric Christmas miracle!
If you are happy and you know it thank your ex! # curve ma
Calling asian people "Ling Ling" is TOTALLY not racist OR degrading at all!!!
Awww DBV didn't take too kindly to my words. I'm so butthurt
nothing better then cold rubbery salty # pop corn note the
Thanks for keeping me in the loop guys. It's not like I'm part of this family, or live in the same fucking house as you or anything
Search for 2016 # t e c h trends to # watch and all you get is pebbles (and the likes!)
Everyone says im a really nice person. Im not, im just very sarcastic
What ive learned in the past from observing, of you get pregnant he WILL stay with you.
Well that's a sound I haven't heard for ages (said no-one). RAIN RAIN and more RAIN!! Will it ever let up!! # rain # fed up with it
Taking scripture out of context - My favorite Christian pasttime...
I told myself that "i'll never set foot on that house" And yet im there...right now... #feeling_happy # hates
Having sarcastic # friends will make you more creative. is considered a brain stimulant. #11
Thanks for waiting to have Christmas with me, family.
Stephens led w/ helmet on BJ Johnson. Surprise. Refs miss the call.  HailSouthern #GATA #Go Daddy Bowl
The Supreme Court should stop the licensing of Dengue vaccine in PH due to lack of data, and call it a "triumph for folk medicine"
Just so excited to wake up at 5:30 a.m on Christmas Eve to work
People make me so happy # imcomplete l y joking # i hate people
My excitement for working on Christmas Eve is strong...
Thank you global warming for taking away the possibility of a white Christmas.... # World #Demand A Change
Mark Henry VS Bo Dallas... I wonder who will win this one? # Troops
Knicks have taken the wraps off Porzingis tonite; allowing him to play even after missing a few shots
This weather is fantastic. Definitely good December weather!!
Time to use my awesome gift wrapping skills
Only reason Utes have won 5 in a row is because they had Kalani's recruits. #BYU
I'm so looking forward to my mom's yearly gifts of matching onsies to me and my sister (40), which she makes us try on for a photo
If there was a gift wrapping competition, I would win without even trying.
Today just keeps getting better and better.
yay i love it when strangers look at me from head to toe to judge me  #If You Want To Keep Your Eyeballs Keep Them Off Me Please
How dare Robin Lopez wear the great Latrell Spreewell number. # disgusted
Thanks for leaving one question unanswered in the NHL rinks category. # J e o p a r d y
Nothing makes me more happier than arguing about a girl with another guy like we are back in highschool.
Mark your calendars people, this is really when the season turns around! An actual veteran is playing! # p layoffs
Think Tommy Armstrong is gonna declare for the draft after the bowl game?
I'm so happy right now # so angry
Well the holidays are always the best time of the year
it's so nice to feel appreciated :-)
I really love it when you have glasses and it rains. # glasses # problems
I could have taken OBJ at the end of round one but I knew he'd be suspended week 16. I drafted CJ Anderson instead. # champion ship
64, raining, grilling shrimp. Really feeling like Christmas now.
No one seems to be offline for more than a couple of hours Proud members of "Dystopian society of insomniacs" # quotes # life
Where is everyone? The Jordan Creek area is a ghost town! # just kidding # Christmas shopping
I love when it's Christmas Eve eve and its 72 degrees outside!!!
Aww yay love spending my evening with a tummy ache and bright red eye from getting hair dye in it
The Weather Channel has amazing coverage of this severe weather
# That awkward moment when you want to throw fertilizer at people so they grow up! LoL
Black parents always wanna start cooking the food for the holiday 6 days in advance
So if it is Ruben Randle the suspension gets overturned..... Right... Sure it does #NFL
An hour and a half to get home. Yay!!!
Can't wait on Christmas Day to get texts from people who i don't talk from 2014
At Walmart on December 23rd. Great courteous drivers everywhere.  What was I thinking?
Ugh. I love how my parents don't tell me anything and I have to find stuff out from other ppl. # love it # out of the loop
My grandma who is in her 80s understands my better than my parents...that's why I # love her soooo much! I get it from her
Politics in the holidays is the best...
I feel so Christmassy this year, I can't even.
Me: *looks at myself naked in the mirror* Me: thank God for cloths # s a r k o h o l i c #One More Joke
A word of the day: Awesomazing= Awesome +Amazing #Егөө
I hope it snows tmrw # t e x a s w e a t h e r s u c k s
Everytime I see a guy wearing a camo hat in public Im really happy their staying hidden from their prey/predator # thank god their safe
Well that was a nice christmas dinner with the whole family.
What's the big deal? # trump merely said Obama smacked # Hillary with his penis. Totally presidential and in no way # sex ist ...
Really relieved # u w tenure task force aspiring to UMD standards
Shout out to the fake ex best friends that choose their bfs over their best friends, you da real mvp.
Today one of my favorite things happened! My main sewer pipe backed up! Yay! # not really
Claiming utility infielders and LH relievers off waivers. That's what champions do. # Angels
Shopping during the holidays is so much fun. # pull my eyes out
Ahhh can't wait to know about your gpa!
It's funny how boys will put under a girls twerking video, but also call her a slut. So hilarious
#Black Xmas not letting people get on planes to see their families is a real effective way to garner support for your cause...
A white Christmas is overrated anyways.
People are so happy a few days before christmas!
I'm gonna say it, #Black Lives Matter is stupid. I can say that cause #Black Lives Matter. If you disagree with me you're racist. <--
My favorite thing; when I'm hustling trying to clean, my husband just stands back & stares happens # lo o sing my mind
Having both parents born in December really adds to the joy of the season
They used to act up for hours at at time. Now it's just for 5 minutes every so often. I wonder what happened...
Bout to drive all the way to Grayson in this shit show of a storm. So pumped.
Can't remember the last time my flight out of #JFK/ #LGA was on time. # n y c living # flying is fun # Christmas travel
Yes lets not include the female protagonist after we've been praised for the diversity in the movie #Wheres Rey
I like when ads are longer than the video you are trying to watch
The weather and traffic couldn't be better for this road trip.
I am done with work for two days! Yes!!!:P
Since when is Colton a member of The Script? I had no idea...
There're THREE types of People in the World ; Positive, Negative and Relative. # People # World
Well that's not annoying at all. # gotta love it
We're very excited about working on Christmas Eve
just as I preordered Uncharted 4, now it has been delayed to a additional month Guess I've been screwed over!
I LOVE getting stood up by an appointment. especially when I came in early for them.
****** Use sparingly. It keeps people # wondering .
Cool, glad that I've now seen a thinkpiece about why Maz Kanata is horrible. Let's keep going after ALL the new women!
Hey! Don't miss this weekend that funny hilarious movie that shows a woman being beaten up for laughs! Ha ha ha! #The Hateful Eight
great way to start Xmas days off - pissed at coworkers. # m e r r y f u c k i n g x m as
I'm done arguing with "African-Americans" they too smart for me lol
I just absolutely love stepping outside to this cold, wet rain and all the many muddy lakes in my back yard. Love it.
Bieber has gone from generic teenage angst to generic early 20s angst. Yer massssssive improvement...
I just love when I'm broke because of xmas presents
I totally wanted to study at various auto service places today # car problems
Started my Christmas shopping. #Iknow Its Early # Like to beat the crowds
Recalling article a while back about Kim Dotcom in what must have been Wired magazine: such a charming individual.
Seriously why stop at gun laws? Why don't we just throw the whole kitchen sink and abolish the bill of rights?
There is nothing as much fun as checking grades the day before a holiday vacation. Always puts me in the spirit. # hate it
Never a dull day when fixing the build server.
Merry Christmas Maplers. Except Reboot players. Fuck off Rebooters. # maple story
Some Liz fans r STILL hating on Laura? She only kept the secret & supported her throughout. Yeah, that Laura's a real bitch.  #GH
Tornado watch until 4pm! Oh yay! # Indiana
Some people just know the perfect ways to make me soooo happy and feel soooo much better about myself
No kiko in pro bowl? Im utterly shocked! !!! # eagles # eagles talk # eagles nation #Fly Eagles Fly
You never fail to amaze me.
Well the award for best team work goes for you !
what a great way to start my day
I think it might rain in Conway this morning # a r w x
Gramma Pris: "it's going to be a beautiful day. I can tell..."
Oh. It snowed again in Winnipeg. What a shock. . # p r a i r i e s # winter
I love when adults act like children.
What effect will today's tornado outbreak have on the Polar Vortex, SSW and Pattern Change?  #This Weekin Weather Twitter
I # love how the # holidays bring out the # best in # people .
Oh how I love being sick, it makes my day so much better....
One of the best parts about being a female creative is getting recognition from guys about your hotness rather than work or talent.
Oh how i just love the holiday season family 24/7 that comes close to torture i just love how they love me so much
Gotta say... Nothing gets ya in the patriotic spirit quite like the sight of Donald Trump in a trucker hat.
Thanks Garena. Your whole system is soooo good
when you breathe fast, people doubt! When you doubt, people breathe fast!
The mother is coming to Cardiff today. Shopping with the 5 foot wonder should be great fun... #Midget Mother
Boyfriends hungover in bed, everyone else is in work....yep I am loving having time off for xmas
My neice isn't on twitter and I think I'll make her a skirt. I feel another sew-along tweet-along coming on! Ooooo you lucky lot
Nice to see that Shane heal still loves the 36ers...
Xmas shopping complete - just need milk, juice, bread and ice tomorrow morning on the wa to sunny  Scotland
I can't wait to hear the trigender pyrofox jokes from all my friends now.
Over 3000 tweets. Someday someone is bound to no tice I'm hilarious. # optimistic # no
Dear bus liner, thank you for making me watch San Andreas during our 3 hr trip. Made my trip so relaxing.
2AM... Woke up to the worst bloody nose... Love it!
Slmt mnymbut christmas. Owh damn. As a Muslim, Guess im going to hell now for whishing that.
Ahhh, the joy of working over # Christmas
Well my desi version is all about absurd #Words Of Wisdom & hot & spicy # Indian # food
Life is so much fun when your taken for granted over and over again.
A good girlfriend isn't supposed to be seen nor heard, or exist. Unless it's time for sex, when she's supposed to magically appear.
Flyers win by 1 when favored by almost 16 but Pierre's return didn't affect them. And KP playing another awful game didn't hurt.
Really gonna try to check Facebook more this year # new years resolution # not
I you need me I'll be in my bed for the rest of my life. Done with people and done with shit, can't wait for another year of it
The Gaming Community Is a Good and Well-mannered Circle Where Everyone Is Welcomed with Open Arms.
So all my friends decided to go see Star Wars on their own terms and I had no idea about it until now. Hooray.
"The struggle of the bougie white man is real."
Glad to hear that Bernier had such a great game tonight....Lol  #Read My T L
#Its True I Saw It On The Internet: #Global Warming/ #ClimateChange's a bigger threat than terrorism. (Note the & don't think I'm # serious .)
well tomorrow is going to be awesome..
Kaway kaway sa mga bots dyan o. Congrats ha, you're on the top spot! Well done.  #A L D U B My Bebe Love Parade
Don't know for what CBI is waiting for Jaitely ji to misplace the files  #Jaitley Bhagao Cricket Bachao
I’m watching Kiki’s Delivery Service. Thanks Elle and Charlie.
The earth is flat. #Its True I Saw It On The Internet  Beware the Internet.
A lot of great college basketball tonight. Big thanks to Fred Glass and Tom Crean for scheduling that Kennesaw State game. # i u b b
I'd have to say, one of the things I enjoy most in life is being lied to. Just really gives you that heart warming feeling
Hurrah for creepy, unsolicited male attention!
Being an adult is so great...
You know my favorite part about being sick? Not being able to taste anything. I LOVE that.
Has anyone gone to zoo lights? Please put it on your snap story... I can only imagine what it's like.
I'm wondering where 1-29 Philly is in Joe Lunardi's Bracketology? # just saying # S i x e r s
When I don't dance literally every bone in my body cracks, looking forward to that
wow Christmas break is so much fun !!!!
Just waiting for the boyfriend to come home then we're off to texas! Yay a 16 hour drive! # road trip with my love
Why the heck aren't the lions o-line in the pro bowl?!?!?! #Pro Bowl #Detroit Vs Everybody
Thank you, random kid for pooping in the YMCA pool before I finished my workout! # t r i at h l on #You Cant Make This Shit Up #cleanup On Lane1
Is there anything more magical than the mall at xmastime.
I have to get up in 4 hours. Tomorrow is going to be fun # s l e e p d e p r i v at ion
Gwyneth, thanks for publishing work from a "medical medium" who "knows" exactly what caused my autoimmune disease.
Now tell me if their love story is still ideal for you.
We are doing away with crutch perks... Says (insert COD developer name here). Hardwired? # lies
Man, just gotta love getting weird messages from strangers on Facebook. # what the fuck # I don t even know you
I love being generalized.  Guess I need thicker skin.
Interesting lunchtime conversation today... how do you # gift wrap the following: # k arm a , , and # validation ?... Lol
What a finish in Cincinnati. Gotta feel for the Bearcats. This loss will certainly jeopardize their post season chances. # P layoffs
Once pav gets back into net, this team will turn it around. Since pav being hurt, jets dropped off dramatically.  ?
Don't you just love debating Biblical Principles
That moment when he says 'I really don't need to hear about your bathroom habits' and you wonder why did I even marry this guy?!
A4 #Golf Chat Clearly foot golf and big cups are the way to go
I am also filing a lawsuit against my school because it leaves me distress. You go girl.... #Miss Universe2015
Last-minute shopping in Fondy tonight is the best.  Its always nice to run into those people that you've really been missing tho.
So glad ppl are more concerned about my created game player than my knee. I feel so loved
Oh how I've missed the clean and press so much # arm day
On the NJ shore two eves before Christmas Eve, it's 60 degrees. Christmas Day is expected to reach 70. No #Climate Change here.
Remember guys, Deonte Burton is just a dunker..  #Told You He Is Skilled
Eggnog has been changed to "holiday nog." Is this part of the war on Christmas?
I'm kind of shocked to see Hillary Clinton trying to pander. #Not My Abuela
My favorite # Mag en to forum posts contain "I need custom functionality... I'm not a developer.. I need it today.. I need it free..".
1st road game of the year & it's almost January!! # way to schedule # is u
My is still alive and well-just not on FB anymore. # moved to t wit t e r
Oh, sinus congestion is just so friggin' awesome.
I never in my wildest dreams imagined that #Miss Universe2015 contestants could be shallow sore losers. I mean, what are the odds!?
being bought out by a US consortium is always a recipe for long term good times # it never is # i d rather just be shit
My family doesn't know anything about me.. Tonight should be fun
I can't wait to hear what everyone got for Christmas Friday
Really thrilled with next doors garden light up reindeers illuminating my bedroom all night
I just walked in to my house and started eating a cookie straight over the counter like a wild animal. It's been a lovely day.
I love it when ppl ask me questions when I'm at neither jobs in my uniforms.  speaking
It's my mom's birthday so we're going out to dinner... Just me and her... No one else.
4 month old going through sleep regression in one room. 13 month old fighting sleep in next room. This will go well, right?
Anyone wanna join Emmure? All the members left except Frankie Palimari. I might cry # e mm u re
In one tweet, I could change your mind about everything!!!
This just in: giant requests take a while to complete.
Loved Christmas shopping so much yesterday decided it needed to happen today too! # Not #Cant Stop Buying Presents
#Short Girl Appreciation Day is a thing? i'm glad i have this one day to be appreciated!!! better make it last while i can!!!
(Please apply this hashtag to my previous Tweet, the length of which prohibited me from attaching it directly.)
Ah, # i cloud upgrade from 2.1.3 to 3.1.0 from vista to windows7, that went well..
Nothing says I'm serious about my diet than eating an oreo rice crispy treat. # what diet # the struggle is real
#Winter Solstice is the First Day of Astronomical Winter ....oh yippee ( )
I wish there was an emoji for air quotes. Typed quotes don't carry the same biting snippy-snark I find pivotal to my tweet game.
Thanks to Neil DeGrasse Tyson for "fact" checking a Science-"Fiction" movie. I can sleep better at night now! # what # star wars
Whoo! Headache and sore throat. Just what I wanted for Christmas! :D
These wouldn't happen to be Pac12 refs would they?
I hate when I take a nap for 2 hours and waste my day away.  #Naps Are Essential
Hmmm...let me just check my Give A Fuck pocket... nope all out!! # give a fuck
Daytime television reminds me of how disgusting BW have become. But, it's the media making us look bad.
I just love hand counting $5,000 worth of brand new bills. It's great! # tell e r struggle
Always lovely talking to my grandmother... She made it sound like my B- wasn't good enough.... Thanks Grandma!  #Ridiculous Standards
It's nice to have a swelling ankle.
There's nothing quite as enjoyable than Darth Vader being in your yoga class. Not. # yoga # star wars # noisy breather
Be sarcastic. Cause  has some surprising health benefits.
The point about  is that the humour is contained in what you say, not the tone of voice you say it in. Sarcastic tone = not funny.
i've never had a new years kiss, or a mistletoe kiss but i did have a hershey's kiss and it was spectacular :3
Let me get it out of the way: Woah it is such a surprise Collette ended up at Utah  #Last Mention
Don't pretend to be one because smartest people always play games
Shout out to the city of Winter Park for having biased parking officers. Real cool.
Work pissing me off, so I decided to go out for lunch. The # traffic and # lines were TOTALLY soothing. Must find 1 of the cats.
79 degrees and storms on Christmas Eve. Fantastic.
I love the holiday season. Everyone is so friendly, loving, and helpful. Oh, and driving is the best too!  #Mean People Suck
I just ordered my De Aza # Mets jersey! Can't wait!! # m e t s t wit t e r
Work has been seriously distracting me from taking care of personal projects. Can't a girl just not adult for a bit? # adult in g
Me: Soun raha hai na Tu...!!!!! He: No Me: I know you're # deaf !
I cant wait for all the tweets/facebook statuses when its almost 70 degrees on christmas
The first Tongan head coach is at #BYU. A school owned by a church that hates gays, blacks, and other minorities. Crazy world.
I'm not saying I hate talking to you. I'm just saying it's about as much fun as getting bamboo shards driven under my fingernails.
#Kylo Ren is the best villain #Star Wars has ever given us. # no he's da
The best part about getting this cold is that I get to fly the day after tomorrow. Should be fun!
That’s it for the ol’ office chair. Not sure why the most inexpensive desk chair they sell can’t withstand five years of abuse.
Oh yes house arrest is such a punishment # in t r overt # in f p
Bro A gives a careful reasoning 4 y he comes 2 his conclusion about a certain subject. Bro. B 140 chr snipes him FTW.  #Twitter Probs
How cozy to experience all the excitement of rush hour traffic in the mall parking lot. Sigh. # X m as # hash tag
Moving at about 1000mph so I can't wait to see what this day has to bring...ah feck. # h y p o mania # h al p
Ahhh lunch time at Walmart. It's obviously the slowest time of the day at the store.
It's hilarious how little I'm taken seriously
I *really* wanted to pay $200 for new retainers two days before Christmas. It's the best early present!
Scanning a big box of documents. I'm so glad my degree prepared me for this.
What a way to ruin my night. WOW! thank you so much....really
If KFC had stars like McDonald's staff do, I'd be loaded in them, cause I'm just that great.
I got butterflies in my stomach when I talked to you U nervous? No. I ate it. Then I talked to u
I so love when people give unsolicited opinions.
Shoutout to Obama for negotiating with terrorists!
Shout out to the firms who don't code their electronic documents. You're the real mvp.
There's nothing better than accidentally getting toothpaste on your shirt.
damn, it's # c h a r i t y t u e s day , i gave something to charity on # Monday ; you mean, I have to give again?!! # comedian # joke # give more
Happy Mother's Day Every Day # S a r k as me
You know what's super fun? Insane stomach pains at 1am... Talk about starting the day off right # u g h
: I hate that I can have fun during the shooting. # fashion photograph e r # l on don # x m as # make up # styling # model # photograph y
Unlike his name,Messi is cleanest football er # B arc e l on a # football
Yeahhhh! Overlap galore! Sige pa! >_<
Early morning doctors appointments are just a bundle of fun
Isn't it ironic that 0bama isn't irenic? Hope and change and all... # word of the day
BURNT MYSELF WITH TEA AGAIN. LIFE IS GREAT.
Like when ppl leave me at home and I like it even more when they leave me at public places alone to wait for them
There is a liberty for #juvenilerapes..so # juvenile justice is a blessing for all those kids out there .. Nice!! intended!
My defence against people not liking my - it increases oxygen to the brain which also keeps the brain from over heating #LOL # humor
Yes because eating a Mars bar is going to cure me of my eating disorder
I just realized that: I can do stuff on my own and not depend on anyone.
England - a beautiful sunny island with no rain whatsoever
At least it looks like # Russia and # Turkey agree on one thing: Let's # bomb the # K u r d s ! # back stabbed # Syria
So the fourth Rd bridge reopens on Wednesday. I'm so so happy for everyone, how did we all cope # over reaction
OMG I just packed Lord Bendtner. I spend like 300k but that,s not a reason to be sad # f u t m as #16 Daysof F I F A
Mmmm feel like lifes about to chuck a big spanner in the works!! Cant wait
What? There's a new Star Wars movie out? Why did no one tell me?! #Star Wars The Force Awakens
The trending topics today definitely give me hope for the future of humanity lol
Be selective have options unless your married! Lmao # humor #Relationship Goals #
True #Artificial Intelligence will never happen & here's why. If REAL humans on the net can't grasp , how will A.I. ever be able to?
Isn't it great when you have to wake up for work at 6:30, but you wake up at 2 instead. # f ml
Anxiety is a wonderful thing to deal with before flying.
Every # joke has an # element of # truth or , especially if it is about you. # just saying # an al y se # discern
Fake people is everywhere in my class
Absolute thriller of a game #BBL05 # cane train # b r is heat
So 2nd day in row bus at station on time driver gets off no one reappears 10 mins so far was 15 mins yday unreliable as ever.
I think after a certain age it's a requirement to acquire a complaint button...NOT!
Game Dev Logic: This group won 9 out of 10 matches but they lose the war. #Makes Sense
makes you mentally stronger. Which is very effective when dealing with emotional # stress and frustration.
Ugh this job is the BEST!
I love being lied to. It's totally my favorite .
Love how i can just rant about my calum problems!
Walter Cronkite and Edward R. Murrow would be so proud of today's journalism.
My idiot roomie isn't back yet from running off to meet some guy she met on the Internet. Don't worry! He's really sweet. # face palm
Im suuuuuper happy that it's snowing
I love random mental breakdowns that come out of nowhere. # worst night ever
Name the fruit u can touch but u can't bite them ?
# Lions should definitely trade Stafford while his stock is high!
People say that if you're not a size 0, you're not ugly, because only dogs like bones. I'm size 0. Thanks. # confidence boosted
I love eating pizza and burning the top of my mouth.
as far as the new years eve slate goes big east opening day #10 providence/#9 butler and #17 nova/#6 xavier> CFB playoff
Son: I want fries. Me: Have chicken, it's healthy. Son: How can it be healthy? It's dead! # jokes
The # A vs can kiss off any chance of the playoffs without the services of Nate Guenin on defense. #Addition By Subtraction
She said, "Want you to make me feel like I'm the only girl in the world." So I left her in the desert
Even a tree that remains rooted in one place eventually becomes a landmark. Moral of the Story: Hang On!
It's ok body, I enjoy the fact that you are rejecting everything I eat. Jokes on you, I hate food.
Donald Trump's campaign in 4 words: Fuck Muslims and immigrants #Cant Stump Trump
I'm so cool I can drink alcohol
Lol I love being a Lions fan
Pretty competent refs right there  #Steel Cage
Why do they need to attack the Usos? The cage is impenetrable.  #WWE #RAW
it's official that my absolute favorite thing is when people take forever long to snapchat back
What's wrong with # Lions getting all 'aggressive' up 28-7 #NFL # Lions vsSaints
Looked just like Kellen Moore on that one..
"How can something so beautiful be so mentally deranged?" - Fan comment on internet forum.. Well that's nice....
An "Award Show" where half the winners don't show up. So prestigious # S l am my
Looking forward to seeing my upstairs neighbors in their upcoming # r o c k e t t e s show. They are obvs. busy practicing this evening.
Today has been such a great day.
What I really want to know is what will the Presidential hopefuls do about Odell Beckham Jr.? #NFL # Election 2016
I work tomorrow... Three hours. Oh, I'm already dreading the strenuous work.
Hard to believe that #WWE didn't bring Mizdow out to accept his award  Especially after they WWE'd his big face turn
# B u l l s seem like they really got Jimmy's message.
If idiots could fly, this place would be an airport. Ethan Smith  #Сонгууль2016
Swagger vs Del Rio...not seen this enough. #R A W Minneapolis #RAW # S l am my # S l am my Awards
HOLY SHIT! DEL RIO VS SWAGGER? WOW! #RAW
Not enough long exposure rocket launch+landing pics in my feed.
Went to the dentist this morning as a Christmas treat to myself...
Quick stop at Niketown to resolve the issue caused by "my" confusion over the meaning of guaranteed delivery.  #Good To Go
I wish there was 600 people on my timeline that could tell me when # Woods on was going to retire.
I'm so sarcastic I sometimes fool myself. # my one true love
#LGUS #LGFAIL Thank you for standing behind your front load washing machines!
Nice no call on the hold...
Gee that wasn't holding at all....
OK which one of y'all put the weather on lukewarm mist, its winter where's my snow at???
Clearly Crosby has been holding back the # P e n s .
Lol glad my mom is crazy.
What do you call a person that loves # Monday ? # unemployed #Happy Monday
Maybe the # P e n s should keep Kessel w/ Bonino, and put Sid, Geno, and Hornqvist together? # maybe
I have 263 followers where the hell is my blue check mark?
Spiller to receive the kickoff. Could be his only time on the field #Who Dat Nation # Saints
I love Dish during stormy weather
Road rage in Las Vegas! Ban all cars and stop this madness and defeat climate change at the same time!
I wish ESPN would talk more about the Beckham-Norman feud. They have neglected the topic all day.
If u like money and finer things in life & u pay your own bills and all that your a gold digger thought y'all needed to know this
Geez! Could this day be any shorter?!?! # solstice
Oh Gudas got a penalty for a bad hit? I'm shocked, I swear..... # F l y e r s
Omg, an ABC Family Harry Potter marathon? WHO COULD'VE SEEN THIS COMING?! I AM SHOCKED.
“Donald Trump calls in to talk with Adam about our troubled country and how to make America great again.” Hard hitting!  #ACS
Yay, more insurance crap to deal with... # a d u l t h o o d s u c k s
The best part of Christmas is seeing capable people with jobs schilling Amazon wish lists # fuck you guys for real
Yep, that's fine. I don't mind you sitting next to me on the bus, even though there are other empty sits elsewhere.
Obama has to be the greatest president of all time now! He has his own chia pet after all.
I'll be glad when Mark Zuckerberg gives away all of that $45 million in Facebook stock so people will quit posting about it.
I am sure Beckham was worried the panthers were going to hit him with a bat in front of thousands of fans... #Keep Pounding # cry baby
I had no idea that they were going to make a remake of Star Wars: A New Hope!
My favorite thing about school is when it's over
Welp. Today's over already. So glad I got to do all I wanted to do.
I have the best body confidence
I wanna hear ray lewis try to explain the OBJ / josh Norman battle as only he can
High chance I'm coming down with something. Awesome way to start the work week
Yes New York Cosmos fans, we're all choosing this, it's all the fans fault, we all hate NASL that much.
GTA is brilliant, people never randomly disconnect from games, everything loads very quickly  #G T A Online #GTAV
Well, the NFL certainly showed its commitment to player safety with the one game suspension of Beckham. # S pine less # P it if u l
Airports during holiday season....now that's my favoriteeeeeee!!!!  ;)))
Time to check and respond to messages, it was lovely
I didn't know other people were Christmas shopping today # help me
Saw the new Star Wars this weekend, and in spite of all the negative reviews, I really liked it!! # spree thoughts
forgot hashtag  on my last tweet.
Ah I just love it when my computer updates W i n d o w s 10 and my drivers stop working. # W i n d o w s 10
3:45pm on December 21st....no, the post office is not busy.... *rolls eys*
Todays lunch a chicken falafel sandwich that came with a free side of racism its my lucky day # the grove # farmers market # r a c ist
Fewer things show more toughness than high-schoolers cursing up a storm in the coffee house.
Whoa wait... Max Landis criticized something popular on the internet? Stop the presses! Let him direct the next Star Wars!
So, we’ve got the perfect Christmas weather this year. Low 50s, rain and storm. Yay!
I just love it when the server responsible for the program essential for my job is down
So basically. My severe migraines these past few weeks were equated to mini seizures. How fun.  Doc got me on meds to prevent.
*putting on fake nails* omg babe, I'm gluing things to my body! I'm a pretty girl! # weird things women do # beauty hurts
2 kids at urgent care. The excitement is overwhelming.
"No, she has $9k in fake treatments from a chiro who thought I wouldn't read his bill." # t sl # real talk # humor # face palm
A big thanks to my glue gun, which has burnt me 22 times while trying to make a present for my guinea pig, you've been a great help
Working on my new Vegan Farm business plan. Thousands of acres of moors could be ploughed for rice and potatoes. # Trees # F a i n t s
Don't you just love when your boyfriend is soooo excited to see you? -.-
Having a birthday five days from Christmas is the beeeeeeest... # b i r t h m as
Oh, I didn't realize YOU were the one who received MY grades. OF COURSE I will tell you what letter grade I received # college p robs
Great idea: Get a nimble, collaborative tech platform and build waterfall methodology/Exec approval requirements around it.
I think there need to be more traffic lights.
Clinton wants Manhattan Project "against encrypted private communications." Such vision! Vertiginous in its aspiration.  #Big Sister
Thank you Obama! Thanks for capping all students from working more than 25 hours a week. I really appreciate having even less money
Glad to see everyone seems to be in the Christmas spirit
Think FuzzButt set a record. Two and a half days staying clean after a bath.
Whoa, I disappeared from Twitter again. I just love the holidays.
Cannot wait for those world beaters Theo & Joel Campbell to win the game for us tonight. Quality players don't ya know!  #ARSMCI
I love getting made fun of by my family 24/7. Feels great
Not like I wanted time to spend with my aunts and cousins anyways.
Breaking news:  Mr Arvind Kejriwal blamed earth moving faster, bcZ he slipped today.
Today is going to suck. I can tell already and I haven't even started my shift. Yay.
hope everyone that walked out of my life is doin great w/o me.
Stress hives. Can't imagine why the hell I would have stress hives this month
The Dominic the donkey song is just lyrical gold.
Impaction fracture and partially tore ACL.. # ya y # perfect # motor cycle wreck
Dripping old-fashioned and filled with # Christmas cheer, I really hope the new one is better than this old year. # poem # m i crop o e try
If only the weather would get cooler so terrorism, sexism, and racism would end.  #TCOT #Liberal Idiots
So sad to see Lindsey Graham drop out of the presidential race. I thought for sure he had the nomination wrapped up.
Someone leaked "The Revenant" and "The Hateful 8" screeners online. Because those films are best viewed on your smartphone screen.
What's better than sitting around during #Christmas Week? Sitting around opening new Twitter accounts!
So happy to be ill for Christmas
Also just taken out a mortgage to get on said boat... # perk so f living on an is l and
Gotta love At&t's reception. # the best #
The tweet activity link makes me feel real good about myself. .
Noooo!! Lindsay Graham dropped out of the race... Our country is doomed..
I don't know who this Kanye is, but Paul McCartney is going to give this man a career w/ this new song!! # s m h # kids now days
I forgot how talkative my office mates are...
Happy first day of # Winter ! Yaaaaaa! At least it brings us one step closer to spring.
I love #Star Wars fans that try to prove that they are the original fan.
Keep voting for those "moderate" establishment types. It's worked out so well lately. # t c o t # p j net
My luck is just amazing -_-
The chritsmas buzz! Oh, what a joy! # not
I love when I get home and Milo has a nice smelly surprise waiting for me # such ab rat
People driving into each other during a holiday week makes life no much easier  #Just Getting Started
wow i never would have guessed that ono kensho would play kuroko in the knb stage play.. shocking really
EURUSD - I thought squeeze possible due to constructive work in 0860s. Silly me, it was only cuz of London close.
The day you take the people's freedom is the day that the people will live by no rules. # t h a n k s m r president
Gigi Hadid is the new Cara Delevingne
Love how Mayweather flaunts his money while so many struggle. # role model
$CAT pays $74 million for trade secrets theft? To the co, it's just the cost of doing business.
“what’s your favorite position in bed?” near the wall so I can use my phone while it’s charging
Full time fry cook. Full time student. Full time choir. Full time everything. Part time mother. My life is haaaaard but blessed
First black # Jesus and now black #Hermoine Granger ?? I mean, how many fictional characters are we going to change the color of?
His # lack of # education is # more than compensated for by his keenly developed # moral # bankruptcy . ~ #Woody A Llen # quote # satire # humor
well a grand coalition is out as #PSOE says it will not support Rajoy ... didn't see that coming # m i v o to cu en t a
i mean they must all just be so bitter because they have different choices and preferences!
The BlackBerry Priv is now available in Dubai. I just pissed my pants with excitement  #Who The Fuck Cares
Oh look nothing's happened ... # Shock
Who cares if Hermione is black?! Personally, I'm offended that the actor playing Ron Weasley IS NOT GINGER. #Hermione Is Black
Can anyone explain why we need a Miss Universe pageant when we all know Caitlyn Jenner is the REAL Miss Universe?  #Miss Universe2015
At least it's a weird 8 inch size and hard to replace. # just damn
When you realise your Nokia cant play gif's on twitter then you know android is the ish no matter what model of Nokia you're using.
Just went to my mom's laboratory christmas party. I saw her dance and I swear I got my dancing talent from her.
70°s and a 60/80% chance of rain just screams Christmas week! # not # wher est he snow # oh well # weather
turns the page into dating site and bans the fake ids... :D :D
I'm blessed enough to have to go to work during my approved vacation. This blessing wouldn't be possible without poor mgmt. # F a i l
Don't worry #Miss Germany , none of us voted for you too. Love, Philippines  #Ms Universe2015
wow legumes are really into reverse racism CHICKpeas BLACK beans BLACK-EYED peas MEXICAN JUMPING beans # yes all beans
So how it works. I search in google and Facebook start suggesting me pages related to my search. # interest in g #idont Knowthat
Whew, another American wanting to hurt a massive amount of innocent people wasn't terrorism. I'm so relieved.
Well little or bad sleep translated to a high sugar reading. Sure to get fussed at when I go to the doctors this morning. # oh ya y
So Tyson Fury got over 33,000 more votes than Chris Froome on #SPOTY2015? Well done, Great Britain. That's really good
Wait a minute. I thought Rey from #Star Wars won Miss Universe?
This is about to be one productive day
What a great start to winter break
Started my # period 2 days early & instead of thinking about it negatively, I'm trying the at least I'm still fertile outlook # ya y
So, did something happen at Miss Universe last night??? # kidding # its all overt wit t e r
So, apart from the drama in today's MU fiasco, Ms. Germany is also trying to fit in the picture. You go girl!  #Give Her A Crown Too
Nothing like waking up on a Monday with a migraine and nausea. Thanks, Crohns! # you can kiss my butt
On days like these with our current (Finnish, Dutch, European...) politicians I really miss Frank #Zappa's biting political .
They: How Low can your IQ really get?! Me : Lower Than Many Yet Significantly Higher than Yours, Genius.
Well, this day/week is off to a GREAT start.
REALLY looking forward to Leicester on Boxing Day! #LFC
Was scrolling through Facebook, and thought to myself, well, it's a good thing there were no Christmas services yesterday! Lol
Yassss I love being wide awake at 5 in the morning instead of peacefully resting. This is fantastic
Waking up and feeling like complete shit is fun
Imagine Smriti's promotion as a FM if Jaitley is thrown out from the party by our grt PM Modi bhai! #Indian Politics
PaidNews morons asking BJP supporters who were at the Patiala Court premises to attend a wedding the reason for their presence.
It's not like later today is the busiest day I have this month. Not like I have to study a whole book for a test. Nah.
got 2 new notifications. gosh it's so hard being famous
# in di a # Parliament OMG!!! # r a j y as ab ha is working on bills today Nazar na lage kisi ki.. Oh yes Juvenile "rapist" release ho gya na
# S c and al , it is like # S u its without any substance. # tough job
I'm not sure if I should vote for Donald trump, Buy Kanye's new whatever he has out, or keep my face glued to an apple product
What do u guys think bout my icon ? i think it's fab
Happy Monday! I missed my train and the next one is in 50'. Life is good.
In a shocking turn of events, #Star Wars The Force Awakens destroyed opening weekend movie box office records… #Didnt See That Coming
Love waking up to the morning sounds of people
We let # N i r b hay a Rapist Out and they say we r intolerant! # N i r b hay a literally RIPed! please!
He: Lets sing for our # love She: Oops... But you can't sing #He For She
Yeah, keep on trying that hard, maybe someday you will get to.....
I love how humans think we're the most beautiful beings in the universe. # n a r c i s s i s t i c #Miss Universe
It just occurred to me: Is Polish nail polish a thing? Get it? #LOL #Say What # P un # Jo k e #Get On My Level #L O L Again
Good to see "Alvin & The Chipmunks: The Road Chip" did so well at the box office....
I'm so glad I got to spend time with you today... the kids and i really enjoyed it # Si k e
And another great night at work done
Enrique says " I love my girl she always brings home food even though she won't eat it."  #He Hates When I Do That Shit
Wow all we need to do is win our next two games?!?! We all now how easy that will be!!!
So excited to do this all over again in week 2 ? Man I can't wait! # Rival r y needs to die
Yes! 90% chance of rain on Christmas! Keep up that tradition weather gods!
Every day something happens to make me want a Surface Pro more and more.
I wish my kid said “literally” more…
So effin glad Arizona rb decided to play after ive been eliminated from my other league. #Fantasy Football #3 t d s
Surprising all 180 pounds of Kiko Alonso couldn't stop David johnson.  #P H Ivs A R I
In fairness to Steve Harvey, that whole "first" runner up thing is confusing.  #He Reads Cards For A Living!!
How cool would it be if NBC showed a graphic that lets us know how fast the Eagles run plays
Thanks for leaving me in the dust man!
Bring back Donald Trump to the Miss Universe Organization! Hahaha....
Giving cars as Christmas gifts. So realistic. I think I'll run out and grab a new Benz for the little lady. Hope it fits.
People question Rey's expert use of a lightsaber in #Force Awakens. It's not like she's seen carrying a weapon in any other scenes
Oh no! The blonde Barbie doll didn't win! What about white racial superiority? #Miss Universe2015
So far theres been more Eagles injury timeouts than first downs. #Might Actually Be True # Eagles
I'm so happy i got school tmrw
why do people always jump into conclusions? they are really sucks!! i like to put their feet into their mouth!!:-)
Oh I just love the wound pictures in the lifeguard manual
I can't believe Bradford hurt.  #Eaglesvs Cardinals
And my Sunday continues to get better and better
We don't need language to express our emotions. We have Gifs
So all i get for Christmas is two sweat pants? Cool.
Refs keep missing Denver holds. Shocking. # n f l
Outside the #Miss Universe2015 pageant, there's a group of #S J Ws protesting the lack of green-skinned women.
Hooray! The #49 e r s have reached their season points average
Kubiak is showing great versatility and in-game adjustments. Look out Hoodie.
Yeah no you're welcome! Glad I could do that for you
The Phantom Menace started with 2 Jedi sitting at a dining room table waiting to talk to people. Ah, those were the days.
Tuning in to #Miss Universe2015. Sean said "you know it'll be classy."
Huge thanks to Carolina's defense today!!!! # fantasy football
Wow! A chance to win a luxury suite for Marc Anthony concert??? Where the fuck do I sign up?!?!
Bowe really fought for that football too
Nice to see ya, Dwayne Bowe!
Is avi online? I can't tell.
Having so much fun shopping with my husband
The ever reliable petey heads back to the shop in the morning....
"When you watch his defense, it's so different than other defenses." - Phil Simms. You mean they aren't all the same?!? Sorcery!
Gabbert is so good I can't wait for him to be the starter next year!
wanna hear a joke ? Sleep I know, I don't get it either
Can hardly contain my excitement at free tatties and oranges. Why you so good to us?
Keeping up with the Kardashians and girl problems. Great Sunday
Pretty disappointing first half for Baldwin, only 18yds. # Sea hawks
Yeah, why bother covering Amari Cooper? He's not a threat. # Packers
Great job of blocking by Cadet to allow that sack, those are that takes 18 years to learn and why Hayne can't play right now
#49 e r s still outgaining the # Ben gals 111 to 82 in this jaw-dropping, exciting game. #C I Nvs S F
That's fine. Our offense is so good, a 98 yard drive should be a piece of cake. # Packers
Just saw the Chargers pull Perryman off kickoff team and run Butler on. Enjoyed seeing #56 jog down on coverage.  #SDSJ
Great job by Bruce Ellington as he manages to make positive yards on a punt return
Whew! Worst undefeated 14-0 team In the history of the NFL # P ant hers
Backup QB starting, legit defense vs team cant stop the run & Jeremy Hill getting no playing time? # make sense #C I Nvs S F
Glad every loss this year for the Giants was in the last 75 seconds. # wher est he t y le no l
Oh yeah! Nothing more fun than mucking around in DOSBox trying to figure out CPU cycles and display schema...
It's so wrong that Tuitt gets to play after he intentionally injured Dalton last week #D E Nvs P I T # Steelers # Ben gals
Was Joseph expelled from school? How come he's never mentioned before?! #The Apprentice
schools finish on tuesday yassss ya dancer
Don't you just love spending the day repersonalizing & reinstalling apps to new phone cause old one died /bricked up?
Way to go! Good job! Good effort! Way to hold on to the ball! # Broncos . #Hillman4 Prez2016
Giants lose to Panthers and now I have to watch my dolphins battle the Chargers #Great Day
I hear Norman did pretty well vs. OBJ today. That’s what happens when you’re a product of the scheme.
Really breaks my heart to see Odell Beckham Jr lose after that ridiculous celebration
Panthers win on FG as time expires. Odell post-game should be fascinating ... .
That was the most well "orchestrated" celebration I've ever seen!  #No Fun League
So glad we can help other teams get their "firsts" here at Lucas Oil...  #Colts Nation
It's so great to see Gabby Logan, Clare Balding and Gary Lineker on TV again. We don't quite see them often enough, do we?  #SPOTY
After watching this Bear Grylls/Barack Obama programme, how long will it be b4 Cameron wants on to show he is actually a nice guy
HERE WE GO! Garbage time champions! Let's go. # Bears
You can't No Mercy Undertale without making friends in neutral/pacifist runs. I declare this as law!
I'm not a huge NFL fan, but this Panth/Giants game is entertaining #athletesactinglikebabies # just duke it out already # play the game
ARE THE PANTHERS FOR REAL NOW THEY JUST GAVE UP A TD
In this snooze-fest between # Colts and # Texans Colts 1st round pick WR Dorsett has 1 rec for 1yd. Great pick GM!
Wow, gave the. ANOTHER 1st down. Good job
The good news about ODB, is he takes losing well.
So glad we signed Cutler to that big ass contract extension..... # Bears
Not sure if I should spend my money on the # m i am i beach bowl or the # b o car at on bowl .
The Panthers are the worst 14-0 team of all time.  lots and lots of
Non functioning lock on train bathroom. Brilliant.  #Accidental Penis
I almost forgot how much fun it is shopping the weekend before Christmas.
Wait a few years, and Santa Claus will be God He's almost there # Christian ity
Common Stafford if you're gonna draw a penalty the REALLY hit the guy. # Titans
Ted Ginn Jr. dropped a touchdown pass? Never...
Quarterback controversy now sparks in Nashville. Mettenberger vs. Mariota. # Titans
I have 7 days to pay a random £45 or else I will never be able to pay council tax by monthly installments ever # oh no # scared
Int before a TD is always a good thing
I love that I'm not gonna get off until 4 in the morning.
If u'Re going to take pics of Sumone and they can't even smile...TAKE THEM OUT! Like way to make a memory! # pet p e eve
Really enjoying that my Killer Mike/Bernie Sanders tweet got such love last night. That's my fame peak, I'm Twitter-tiring!
Which network has the Super Bowl this year? Hard to tell with how little they advertise it.
I had twizzlers for dinner. Again. Being a grown up sure sucks.
Wow...Morris goes for 48 yards, which if I'm not mistaken, is the exact amount of yards he's rushed for all season # Red skins
How could Tom Brady be so good with fully i n f l ated balls? I just don't understand. # n f l # brad ys the best ever
Love that the Titans o-line looks like they block better for the backup than they do for their franchise QB. # Titans
2 and out. How about some ball possession, guys? I mean really. #T E Nvs N E # Pat riots
Pat riots special teams has been nothing but a strength this season. #T E Nvs N E # Pat riots
Nice camera work CBS!! #T E Nvs N E # c h and l e r j ones with the big play!
That Bills defense, you guys. Scary good.
Glad to see the bills got the penalties under control this game #B U Fvs W A S # same t we et different game
RGIII looks really good today. Crisp and accurate throws. Redskins fortunate to have him on their roster. #Bills Vs Redskins #NFL
Eating an egg and Chicken at same time is horror. # cross fit
# Bills firing on all cylinders today: Offense, defense, special teams.
I like how my sister only talks to me when she's injured and needs advice... I'm glad I'm useful to you.
Giants need to go to Ramses barden. He caused nightmares last time they played the panthers. # n y g
With this swarming # Bills pass rush...gonna be a long day
wow I realllly enjoy spending my time with your bedroom and not you.
I love when I get steamed and start posting pictures on Instagram
Oh my god, OBJ is soooo good, how did he miss that? Oh my god.
Home Alone 2 # c h r i s t m as # of g # film fan
So excited that I get stuck watching the Redskins instead of the undefeated Panthers...  #Central V A Problems
Really need to reconcile with year 2015 before 2016 kicks in. Late night calls? Romantic walks by the beach?
Days already off to a great start.
Oh joy. Another Julian Year Ad. When will this die out? #R O Won C W #39ROW #The R O W
Live car rides with my nine year old brother who farts and wipes his boogers all over... # happy holidays # smell y
Very entertaining game this #Swansea City #West Ham
Rayo game could've been different if the game was played at Yukon HS and not Bernabéu.
-_____- keep the excuses coming. it's not getting old or annoying.
Ending my shift at midnight last night and starting again at 9am today? So much fun. The 60 hour work week continues!
Love the West Ham tactics of letting the other team dominate and play at will
When you ignore a text for 5 minutes
I feel like trivia night is the perfect place to push your agenda.
Well, for some reason, arriving 10 min before a flight isn't early enough. I mean, my plane is RIGHT THERE! Why can't we get on?!?
Gosh I just wish I was as cool as you. # you re annoying
Movie marathon magisa. Best moment ever!
The best way to start winter break is when the doctor tells you that you have Pneumonia #Iam Dying # s u c k s to suck #Pray For Ben
You sure are trying hard ain't ya
I really appreciate the glacial pace everyone is moving at this morning.
Really looking forward to the Xmas period of games.
# l f c Sakho back at his best.
Perks of being short.. Not being able to reach the top shelf in Tesco
it's pretty obvious that it was Northern Iowa's Super Bowl last night
Marcel drive to Quebec with aunt. Me: "You'll listen to cool music for the drive." Marcel: "Yeah. All Depeche Mode, all the time."
There are no words to describe how good Sakho is!  #LFC
All I want for Christmas is you... to get hit by a reindeer  #Christmas In The Air
Just testing my twitter streamlistener.. Listening for # not # not really
Feeling the Christmas spirit on my walk in the rain through the woods.
Hahaha that fucking Hungarian Is pure class #WATLIV
at last successfully deployed my "hello world" py project to #GAE #google App Engine # hello world :)
This whole "1 text a day thing" is pretty nice I guess.
What's better than sleeping in on a Sunday morning? Driving to Gorham for 2 games of Bantam hockey! Go Gladiator Red!
Love it when dad is in these moods.. Doesn't say a word to me, looks at me like I've done something wrong, it's brilliant # moody a f
If there was no , I would never have anything positive to say.
i look so cute on my dp
Runny nose + sore throat + chapped lips really winter? Really? I love u na
The town beckons, Xmas shopping is soon much fun!
Walk.into work absolutely mental have a feeling today is going to be a good day
Every Sunday morning a little kid stands outside and shouts. He's my fave...
Don't know why I had a 5AM alarm set, I hardly slept last night. 24 miles on very minimal sleep? This should be fun!  #Jeff Problems
Can't wait to train tomorrow by myself!!! # o t l # insert # gym grind
breaking fucking news. i like sucking my husband's dick. clearly this is something to be ashamed of.
Love it when every song at karaoke is so depressing it should come with its own razor blade. # live n it up b itches # happy songs are better
2am is a perfect time to piss me off
# nothing to see here #stormina Tcup # slap on wrist Wont be his fault. Dragged through courts then a token fine Salim Mehajer # full of it
I didn't smack your face I gave it a high five but missed your hand... # g r o j b and
What's more riskier; knowing you're going to fail or continuing even after knowing it? # en t re p re ne u r #Expect The Unexpected #KB
So... turns out Star Wars was all sold out until a 10:50pm showing tomorrow. Go figure! Meanwhile, guess I'll binge on # The 100!
Let's do the wrong thing and feel great about it!
Shaka Smart sweat through his shirt, thanks ESPN-2 for showing us that,
My mom is too she's listening to fat joe and Thalia
There r two kinds of ppl in this world. # Di l w ale who watches #Shah Rukh Khan movies n there's # Di ma a g w ale who saves money!
Gonzaga lost a double digit lead in the second half!?! I'm shocked.
I didn't know body wash could be substituted as hand soap # it cant
My favorites are the ones who speak religiously on the internet, but are mean in person. # listen to yourself # s t o p c ol labor ate
What A Beautiful Start Of The Week
The Dallas Cowboys will not make the playoffs this year. That's a shame. That's a darn shame.
The GOP now the Party of Trump: BRING IT ON #GOPS & good luck in 2016
Wait, the # Cow boys def gave up a long pass play in winning time that leads to a score? That's new.
Things i love, being over scheduled when I have time off
It only takes 15 mins at the mall for me to realize that everyone is full of Christmas spirit. So kind and amazing
So Bernier finally got a win, therefore he is now our #1 and we should trade Reimer #Leafs Logic # i m secretly happy
So phyta from hunger games is shcj?? Cause he love orange like we do  LOL LOL
How good is this game tonight? #NFL, #N Y Jvs D A L, , #Goodell Gotta Go, #Jerry Jones Gotta Go, #I Got Grievances.
I received the best Christmas gift evah! My credit card bill. Hahaha!!!
Just to prove how "hip" she is, Hillary had to be sure to add "may the force be with you"... cuz that makes me vote for her.
You go, HRC! It takes a village to raise a child! #Dem Debate
Would people still donate if it was no longer tax deductible? # hypocrite
#DemDebate...haha this is too funny. Sure I'll take you all seriously.
Guess what: neither one of these teams will be in the #Super Bowl. # surprise # n f l
I really love when someone tells me what's going to happen in a book or movie I haven't read/watched yet. LOVE IT. # spoil e r alert
He's a # je w , there's no such as "giving away" # face book
i cant stop crying, i love this!
Lol people are so original anymore I can't even take it Hahahaha # really t h o
So, I haven't really heard, how's that new sci-fi movie??  #Star Wars #P Roverload
The tone of voice changes of Hillary uses don't sound rehearsed at all # T y t live #Dem Debate
Looks like a tight defensive game tonight between # Oilers & # A v a l a n c he .
Alright, time for the Main Card!  #U F Con F O X17 #U F C Orlando
Look, if UFC fixes fights, can we at least have some Octagon psychology - tell a story in that cage...enough of these squashes.
Wow, hillary sounds kinda smart standing between senile and insane. Then I listened. She is crazy, too. # raise taxes # big government
I like how Hillary Clinton is shouting over David Muir  #Dem Debate
Isn't it really Max's fault for not being absolutely perfect every minute of every game?
Hillary said everyone should like me and everyone went wild !!! So profound #Dem Debate
That was totally a horse collar tackle!
#Dem Debate And just think of all those idiots who went to go see #Star Wars The Force Awakens tonight instead.
Yes. You did great with Libya, Hillary..... # t y t live #Dem Debate
Today I got paid to eat doughnuts. I work in a fitness facility and I feel it's important to model good eating habits.
Broncos coaching tree sure rivals Whittinghams... # g o u t e s
That interview! . I bet Fox loved that.  ...Not good for the sport, but hilarious not the less. Joe Rogan with the #Reverse Mic Drop
Great point there on gaustad. #Rolls Eyes
Classy guy that Nate Diaz. Fox just cut the sound of his whole interview. #U F C Orlando # garbage clown
Great play by Ohio after the bad snap! Classic Raycom Media Camelia Bowl action #Camellia Bowl
Surprise. Hillary is in favor of encription!
Government is apparently going to define "common sense" for us. I'm sure that will turn out well.  #Dem Debate
Can you imagine a Kopitar for Stamkos sign and trade deal? # Wow #N H Lfantasy #L A Kings #T B Lightning
So much diversity on this #Dem Debate stage.
So exciting got to clean & shop. Oh how interesting my life is!
I wonder who George Stephanopolous supports in this race!  #Dem Debate
And also this pageant thing has brought to the fore the greatest in journalistic standards n integrity.  tabloidic stuff
Will JJ come back through in a few years and add more FX to #The Force Awakens ?
I love picking people up this early in the morning. Birds are singing already! # its so late # dawn chorus # must be love # struggle
It's amazing how someone can turn you from a bad mood into a good mood. And no, this isn't about Justin Bieber at all... # happy # j b
Venturing out to Walmart while feeling crappy. YAY
realised something tonight-there must be lots of people out there thinking i'm horrible - my is alive and well.. # he u re k a moment
Lookin forward to seein those bad kids tmr at church.
Woohoo the Dallas Cowboys..... ermmm yay cheer leaders !!!!! # d all as # cheer leaders # h a b s # tva sports
See, ..... fans have opportunity to attack her b'coz the show, go agencies! promotes 2 through her as usual
Thanks for the boost of confidence today everyone.
If someone says "I'm extremely sarcastic...". Are they actually? Or not... # i s m s # questions
Nothing better than wrapping work secret santa and xmas cards at midnight
So happy Instragram has actually found a way to make it harder to switch between accounts. Good job.
Because it makes perfect sense for the laundry detergent to be next to the pet food, right??
Big Blue Nation loses at home! #poor Cal
S/O to all the people who were like "I miss you so much come home" for all the plans we've made since I've been home # friend less
Nothing better than helping a stranger pick out gifts at a bookstore then her asking where's your book? And it's not like in stock.
Thank you Jonathan Pearce for pointing out the Chelsea fans were unhappy Mourinho was sacked...I really hadn't noticed # t w at #MOTD
When your supppost to be asleep but your on Twitter! #So Relatable # Ironic #Stop Using Hashtags # C ring e
Got lemon in my cut. Isn't that wonderful???
How to Leave People the Fuck Alone: A Guide to Self-Mastery and Being...coming in Spring 2016. # Projects # Goals
im so glad i can watch this fsu bball game
So, who else is psyched for the #Dem Debate tonight?
I love it when i get attached to someone & they end up leaving.
OMG! AMC is showing the John Lennon 75th Birthday Concert tonight! AMC doesn't want Bernie to win!
No we do not carry crotch less underwear. I recommend normal underwear and scissors. # retail problems # t is the season
Anyone else feel that turn....??? That momentum turn!!!??? Gonna be a HUGE second half. # by u vs u t ah
From no-call to game-changing call. That's consistent.  #Came To Watch Players And Not Refs
The Lakers started 2 rookies today. Neither of them were named D'Angelo Russell. Byron Scott continues to show his basketball IQ
"Please explain to me again why you are # v e g an " - no one ever for a reason
Definitely did not see that coming...
Awww what happened to the December photo challenge on instagram? I was really enjoying those
Wow they really should play the holy war every year, such a competitive rivalry. #U T A Hvs B Y U
Read a whole book at work today . You can tell how productive I was ..
At least the BYU game is close. # pick six # really man gum # getting killed
If you are looking for something fun to do today, I suggest u go to the mall. Not packed at all and I'm delighted to be here...
We are all Panthers tonight #Cure Bowl
I love going to the mall the Saturday before Christmas.
Good to know that Brandon Phillips would rather play for a losing team than a winning team next year. Good decision
Well it seems # i t f c can't perform at home to the same level as away games. I can't think why
Working five days a week isnt enough for me I love coming to sherway during my spare time
Anthony Brown starting for Kobe lol fire him up
Fans at Bankers Life Fieldhouse please start chanting defense! Maybe that will remind all the players! # i u b b
20 mins before I leave for work. Hooray
If the decision to escalate w Russia thought as good as troops deployment to Mosul, Turkey is in a good hand w Russia/
Back to the Past Jutsu. A lot of thought went into that name.
This kind of messaging should give confidence to customers wanting to use cloud.
The best smell ever is the smell of your own rotting sinuses. # cute # cute things # y um # rotting insides
Last Witch Hunter...movie of the year!
Is Alonso in this #Formula E race? Because Piquet just binned it. Couldn't happen to a nicer guy. So sad.
"I wouldn't say it's the worst thing I've done. Close, but definitely not the worst." # t sl # client confess ions # humor # lawyer
I love the sounds of the birds outside every morning ....I should let them both in
Kyrie coming back against Philly just barely gives Cavs an edge against the Sixers. Just barely though.
Sissoko with his immense passing again
Wait. I miss the start of the New Mexico Bowl because Duke-Utah is going into OT?
I missed my bus. Yay... # W i c h r i s t m as 2015
Good thing # i u b b played McNeese St. last game. Should be rdy for ND...
At US post office and waiting in line to mail Christmas gifts. Everyone is so festive and jovial  I'm in the spirit at least.
There are few things in life as fun as cleaning half a cup of melted butter off the inside of a microwave.
The earth is sick , she has human.
Being able 2 instantly respond wit within seconds of a # stupid question is a sign of a smart & healthy brain #Im Smart # witty # humor
#Star Wars The Force Awakens with siblings, inc. Mikes. This should be fun ( )
Is that the same bridge in Oliver that also appears in #East Enders ??
Reads California gas prices are rising.. Oh, ok I'm used to paying .70 more a gallon than the rest of the country.
Eichel getting schooled by Desjardins on the backcheck ... # overrated
Yes, my over 20 years of drawing experience and art school didn't help me at all to get where I am. It's all because I'm female.
We almost smashed Norwich 2-2 at home # m u f c
Ah the excitement of pre-Christmas marking.
Obama&Friends working on new U.S. Terrorism Strategy. Focus? How to best tell citizens to..."Live With It!" # t e r r o r i s m
I mean what would people talk about if they didn't talk about other people right?
Loving all the positivity on twitter # n u f c
The last Saturday night before Christmas. A great night for a debate.
KyaKoolHainHum3 is 4 all age-grps:Tushar Kapur.R u kidding? U r terrible in almost evry genre.Not actng wil b bst for all age-grps
People teaching their kids to be disrespectful, rude and out of control then constantly complaining about it. # special
Oh ya know, just doing it all... Maybe I'll save the world while I'm at it... Plenty of time.
and now I'm laughing at myself because I just texted someone I really hate and it is a bit awkward greeting him a happy Birthday
Ahhh Fellaini is off, how are we ever gonna score? He is such a heroic Goalscorer for us, Ballon D'or winner for sure. #MUFC #BPL
The exotic allure of international travel: hop in a cab, get on a plane, go to a hotel.
Well WHO knew that Mourinho was the real problem!
We even get penalties without Jose, see? Not so bad ain't it
Yes guys, girls LOVE when you whistle at us in gas station parking lots. It's so flattering! # girl problems
People call Chicharito bad. I could only imagine if he was good
Amazon makes holiday shopping fun with exciting deals that last just 15 minutes! # Amazon # stressful
Women are treated worse today. In Biblical times our father got at least 50 shekels of silver after a rape.
I love how michigan experiences all seasons in one week.
Fabregas' message to Wenger "Hey Boss, mission accomplished,can I come back home now?" Hahaha
Gareeb : biskut Middle class : biskit Ameer : cookie !!
Well I awoke as a barrel of fucking joy. This should make for a fabulous day. # not feeling it # lets do this
Being sarcastic on a regular basis can add up to 3 yrs to your life.  is extremely healthy for the mind.
Oh good. Rooney is back!  there for those who don't realise
The morning after celebrating college graduation. My hair looks so beautiful.
Last night games stats 0 points 0reb 0ast 0stl 0min good game
Nothing pumps you up for the gym more than lady gaga! # life style
No games today as apparently there has been a drop or two of rain , let's hope Santa leaves us some sun for the new year
Why yes, I do love working at the ass-crack of dawn on a Saturday.
Oh I love how Christmas brings out all the festive joy in people...... Bus drivers, bar staff etc
Yes! Insomnia at its best. Very cool.
In other news, writing fan-fiction about real people is too weird, but drawing art of them is totally okay!
I enjoy waking up at 3 in the morning...
Back at my second home! Brimming with birds at the minute.... # see more birds from my bed
"It's so sad for guys (who use girls for sex) when they've had bad relationships before so won't commit" yes totally makes sense
I've full faith in our judiciary system. Nothing will happen to Rahul baba and Sonia ji
Macaroni and cheese at 2am because I'm great at adulting.
Dreading this 2-12 shift tomorrow. Thank you Star Wars
Sense of humor is a positive disease, not all the people have it. # Humor
I have so much homeworks What movie should i watch?
Today no stream! It is "Clean the apartment until it looks like we just moved in"-Day Jej # excited
I can't say anything cause I'm not fluent in English. My bad. # quite
Night two of going to sleep alone. Yay.
I just love long flights with screaming children. # glad to be home
Just love when i feel this way
oh yes, i just LOVE feeling alone in a crowd of people # my life
Rumour has it I'm dating..hint 2 gossipers..if u see me kiss sumone or hold hands with sumone..I could be dating lol!  #Just Saying
BUT- I thought Tom & Sienna broke up??!
fire Ron Adams # warriors talk # warriors ground # d u b s all day # du b nation # we are warriors # blue and gold blooded
fire Walton if he can't figure out how to stop the Bucks # warriors talk # warriors ground # d u b s all day # du b nation # we are warriors
48-37 Piper girls stay unbeaten against Bonner Springs. Jessica Wayne only had 29 tonight.
Getting your wisdom teeth out is a 10/10 would not recommend. Can't wait to do it again :))))) # swollen face
New royalty rates. Pandora will now have to pay 17 cents per 100 plays instead of 14 cents. How will they manage?
Well our losing streak continues...at least we're consistent in that.
Hey the Wings lost in a shootout!! No way! I can't believe it
Watching a show on TV. Seen 2x6 used as a hammer, nail being driven into a mans leg, but no PPE utilized. Learning reno skills
Our quick trip to Nashville this weekend is off to a killer start.  #Flat Tire #That Sucked
So, making it more complicated for me to visit 38 random countries means less terrorism...makes complete sense.  #HR158
Tom and Sienna seen out together again. They have clearly broken up.
# gold rush damn Jack you got me again....he is such a jokester.....
I love when the Sharks ask "What do you do?" and the answer is anything other than THE BUSINESS. # s ha r k tank
Twitter in 15 min: PENS LOST 4th GAME IN A ROW. FIRE SULLIVAN. Burn down the entire city of Pittsburgh!!!! # eye roll
But I thought Dragic was no good
Migraines my favorite.... I love getting the pounding headache and then taking a pill that makes my face go numb # awesome # m i grain e
I'm not even a #Star Wars fan so I ain't mad that I haven't seen it....
High school officiating at its finest
Look, Laura Linney asked the secretary to turn down the radio. Bechdel passed. #Billy Mack
Great opportunity yet, hey you have to pay your owns bills ya piece of shit. Yes. So happy.
Holy God the Canucks announcers are the best! # g a r re tt is the best # o i l e r s
I have the best cousins ever! ...
Cuz it just keeps getting better n better
I love when 2 tractor trailers take 14 miles to pass one another on the interstate # slow travel #18 wheel e r # bad driver
hmmm you're right. playing "Whistle" is definitely appropriate for a church-run middle school dance...
Oh no. A school in MN included a non-Christian song in their Holiday Concert choral line-up. How terrible.
PRO: Got out super early today CON: Streetlights are out the entire way home so I didn't save any time #L Aisgreat
What's this #Star Wars thing I keep hearing about? # joke # humour # joke s # comedy # n e r d # g e e k
this day just keeps getting better
Strike is happening....we're non-essential people. I hope the Liberals enjoy their jail cells unsupervised. # real safe # pulled the pin
It's been one week. Good job showing me you care.
Help me out... I'm looking for some really # funny accts to follow suggestions? <please lol> a plus
No. Just let him score at will.
I'm so excited that my mother is so supportive.
Deleting contact forms, disconnecting phones, and disabling messaging is a perfectly logical response to viral sales overwhelm.
Who the fuck tests to see if there bath works at 20 past 11?Apparently my neighbours do and good to hear it's doing well... # bath
Of course we need to bomb Agrabah y'all! They have magical genies & they're extremist leader Jafar's twisted beard screams danger!
Web services with SOAP + Python = The best combination  #fucking S O A P
Yes, because why not get double eyelid surgery on just one eye instead of both right???  lmao it formed naturally which is normal
...buuuut I guess as long as it was used in the name of God, a white Jesus & manifest destiny, all is good in the world huh
It's just not Christmas until you hear Wham.
Selling ur house is awesome! #don'tdoit
Getting a tooth pulled here soon. Gonna look like a meth addict in an hour. # cant wait
I think they should play that Adele song hello more, every fifteen minutes just isn't enough
# Nashville highway sign: "Drunk driving is the path to the dark side" Is it Star Wars week or something?
Home early from school means more time to get chores done. Yippee!
Sure am glad that the Fed clarified things and the market finally has greater visibility going forward.
Living the high life at gala bingo
Ex: i still love you Me: i don't blame you # l ol # f rid a y #RT # fun
The night is starting off reallll nice
But $GPRO is rallying again today. So how bad could things really be?
#Thank You Wheaton for letting conservative politics stand in the way of theology.
$NFLX wow witching days are fun
So what's this I hear about #Star Wars? Is that some new reality show where Hollywood stars battle to the death?
YAY THE UNDERWORLD # uncle # fun goals
Don't know where there found this Bryan Adams fella, but he's rocking the fuck out on #T F I Friday
I see the stock market did well today
I'll give seventy million pounds to #Text Santa to get paddy mcguinness off the TV!! # un talented how is that guy a celebrity!?
Hey inbox, I didn't realize Star Wars was in theaters. Thanks so much for the reminder! How did I not know?  #Star Wars
I love how twitter just randomly follows people for me
#Loveto Drive especially when it involves 5hrs for someone with broken pelvis and vertebrate #Air Vac # Discovery
#Nirbhaya Rapist Out yeah! He was young to be punished but not young enough to rape a girl! # awkward # real sad story # incredible in di a
What did you win at the Xmas party? Wha!?! A blanket!?! No one has one of those, fucking sweet!!
Gotta get a back-brace... Hurray for kyphosis!  Oh well, it's better than surgery.
when your printer tells you that the magnetic card to change your toner that you just put in the slot doesn't exist..this is great!
Last year I was a spoilt brat now I am a gold medallist working in an MNC # happy high # life # in your face
Only place in the whole food court with a line up. Some place called Chicken for Lunch. #Better Be Good
The US economy must be booming - All 3 'dollar stores' in this small #MN town are packed.
If it ranks in # Go o g le it’s obviously a trusted and reliable source. # useful hash tags
Working 4 hours on my day off is exactly how I planned to spend it
I like some # click bait . So # Re pub l i cans want to bomb # A grab ah ?... 30% of the 532(160ish ppl) = Americans r dumb! It's just a poll
#Star Wars The Force Awakens was terrible. I don't understand what all the hype was about... # j k #Let The Force Be With You
Dilwale is Giving Tough competition to Prem Ratan Dhan Payo in Terms of Awesomeness.
Pretty annoying how no one ever congratulates me for getting out of bed # F act
#2015 In5 Words Always remember to think rationally
I mean we are already $19 trillion in debt, what's another $1.2 am I right?!?
Good thing I don't have a girlfriend to shop for this Christmas
Anything good in theaters at the moment? I haven't heard...
I love how not one single person wanted to help me yesterday. All gems
It's just a measly $ONETRILLION. Stop whining.  #Omnibus Bill #Speaker Ryan #Progressive Repulicans #Hey Thats My Grandsons Future
So pleased I went to town today got sooo many presents my arms are killing me # i got fuck all # discharge
Sailmakers shopping centre in Ipswich has made such a difference to the town...
Nothing is impossible if you just believe.
Bad attitudes and Friday is always a good combination!
Almost lost my balance on the top step that woulda been the best thing ever.
Why are all commercials in SG so f-ing political correct and/or childish? # so lame # spice it up # irony
Read in font. Guess everybody got what they wanted. U.S. # Senate passes $1.1 trillion # funding bill, $680 million in tax breaks.
Wait wait..Scott Weiland died due to a bevy of mixed drugs he had in his system..omg..what a shocker!! #Not Really
No Algos are reading that headline...
A sincere i love you # love changes people # love
It's a shame that this is the only time of year we get to hear the song "My Grown-up Christmas List."
I just love the conversations I overhear at the gym when my headphones are in but my musics not playing.
How dare they dilute the market with more autograph cards.  :-)
I'm such a good proofreader! Why am I even blogging?
Ι love how I spend my Fridays.
Probably just pissed off an alleged murderer... # love my job # do what you love
Just got the BEST news ever: "_ grades will be given over the weekend." Nice one. I love you po. #Birthday Gift
Good job Star Wars on whats basically a remake of A new hope. So original
Fall foliage photos from 2014. My blog is really what you might call "current." #professionalphotographer # b os ton photograph e r
Can barely contain my excitement in the run up to Christmas # g r inch
Love those mornings when you wake up at the time that you're supposed to be leaving
I just love when my cats digging around in her litter box and then proceeds to jump right up on the kitchen table. Yum.
Holy shit I've gotten a whole 10 follow ers in the past week. Gonna get a big head soon # follow # i m sorry
65 degrees? On Christmas Eve? Thanks Obama.
People who leave things open for interpretation or make us Imply the worse are probably real lot of fun to be around
Wait, there's a new #Star Wars movie? I would have never known.
Left the kids to answer the door while I run an errand this morning.
BREAKING NEWS: Homeless people need socks and food all year around, not just at Christmas. # c h r i s t m as charity
Wondering how many kids in Staunton are converting to Islam today after their homework assignement on Islam.
I knew it! i knew it! My eyes are rolling  #Office Christmas Party *sigh* can i skip this year?
Futures lower along with oil. Time for the Fed to cut rates?
I love it when people repeat jokes! It was funny the first time and even funnier when you repeated it! # p e t p e e v e s
That # awkward # moment when your is so advanced that people start to think that you're stupid
Thank you, StarMetro, for getting me to work a 1/2 hour early.
Tomorrow i'm going to have a trip and iiiiii'm so HAPPY!!
even torrent websites & dumping on Dilwale. #India Dumps Dilwale
So stoked about walking again!!!! # not
Sleep is so overrated. # Ti red # lots to do
How nice of BO to stop by #San Bernardino on his way to #HAWAII for the next few weeks. # sad excuse for a pot us
I love checking my phone to see all the texts I haven't received.
So glad the MCU never pursued that whole Pepper becoming action hero thing. Who'd want to see that? #Iron Man3
How dare Julie Bishop be treated like anyone else and be subject to a security screening at the airport. Appalling! # a us p ol
I love cb delu shipper ♡
Government # job means wasting your # youth for a secure # pension plan (..and that too is not guaranteed) #Life Quotes #True Story
Guys. Star Wars was horrible don't go see it
Hey brain, thanks again. # insomnia # help
So much fun to wake up at 3am. Thanks cold... My slumber wasn't all that good anyway. # hate you cold # stuffy nose # cant breathe
Health care in this country is amusing.
Fake exo-l here bcs i dont support rion. Who else ;)
Who would've thought giving kids back to their keiki parents on a suspended sentence for drugs & child neglect would be a bad idea?
I don't need sugar, spice and anything nice! Much prefer , # wine and everything fine...
I just fucking love it when my friends don't answer there phone.
BJP Yuva Morcha showing 'Tolerance' by boycotting films. It's funny how these people keep defying their own statements!
teacher: describe yourself in one word. me: done.
Wow that Star Trek movie was awesome
I wonder if anyone is seeing #Star Wars The Force Awakens right now? # l ol
at this rate I would say I am most definitely prepared for Finals. # Failure #Send Prayers
I can't wait to see all the tweets about the new Star Wars movie
I transformed my horniness into the electricity for my night lamp. Now I can't sleep, - it is always on... # d a d a i s m # m p y # v s s
cutting the best scene! good job writers! mode on # S ha my # t b b t 9x11 # c u d d le sleeping together is too much?
Hey is there some movie out? Anybody see it? Tell me all about it # details #No Spoilers
When a girl can't laugh gross stuff off...... she's totally a keeper
#Star Wars is stupid anyways. Who gives a fuck about religious nut cases with laserswords fighting over robot slaves and aliens !?
Oh it's nearly midnight & there's no sleepiness in sight? Shocker. # insomnia #fortheloveofgodletmesleep
Congrats to Lebron James for fighting back against systemic oppression from white people. KILL ALL WHITIES!
I'm surprised by the lack of people seeing Alvin and the Chipmunks 3 at midnight tonight
Gotta love close neighbors! # noisy neighbors # no parental super vision # c o n d os
gotta pull another all nighter. loving school
Can't wait to not do shit all break
Good defense and goaltending in this Coyotes/Blue Jackets game.
I love it when my mom picks fights
Hey... Does anyone know when the new #Star Wars movie comes out? I haven't seen ANYONE CHATTING ABOUT IT ALL F'IN WEEK! #FB
Being a Lakers fan lately is extraordinary.
Jenner is the Most Fascinating person of 2015. # shocking #Most Fascinating Person
Most fascinating person.. Caitlyn Jenner... Did not see that one coming...
Hell of a play Billy Donovan just drew up ...
Watching # man in the high castle gives me an idea of what the country could be like if Trump manages to get elected. # only not really
Glad to see that Adam Silver is honoring David Stern's tradition of LeBron James favoritism.  #O K Cvs C L E #N B Aon T N T
Asian dude!! He had a whole five words!! # diversity
Wait is there a new Star Wars movie coming out tonight?
The nba needs protective netting so that doesn't happen
Nothing screams "keep my team in St. Louis " like a half empty stadium.
# I m p r o v is a great way to get your feminist/social justice out there.
Woohooo i have an upper respiratory tract infection!! Yay me
My very reliable anonymous source tells me Mike Pettine will bench Johnny Manziel for being at the Cavs game
The refs are very consistent tonight. # n b a #O K Cat C L E
Martin Shkreli is such a sweetheart!
So excited to work 7.5 hours tomorrow, 9.5 on Saturday, and 7.5 on Sunday. So pumped
Love it when my laptop decides to inexplicably shut itself down at inopportune moments. A real fave! #Mac Book # old girl # last legs
Did the # H a b s allow any "Trade for Johansen" signs in the building? #T M Ltalk # L e a f s # S t am k os
Guenin and holden are your two worst d. What does Roy do? Put them on the pk. Together. # great coaching
Many of the media tweeting out those HILARIOUS ketchup and mustard tweets. Keep it coming guys!
The excitement in you is real!!! # u g h
Brother said meet him at the theater arrive #Star Wars The Force Awakens wish it was the new chipmunks kinda disappointed
Well at least we have Rob Scuderi...
cant wait to see the Michael Morse, Jason Rogers platoon tear it up at first base this year # g o b u c s # wt h
Nothing gets me in the mood to write like a screaming kid. It's a slow process, but I love it. # am writing # editing # mom p robs #
Whew. I'm glad the # F l y e r s are going to wait until the 3rd period to give up the tying goal. # F l y e r s Talk
#TNF omg these uniforms!! Who had that bright idea
OMG THESE #UNIFORMS ARE SO BAD WHY WOULD THE #NFL DO THIS AHHHHHHHH #COLORRUSH #NIKE
"How come nobody dressed up as JarJar...?" Overheard on the movie line.
Some big movie coming out tonight or something? Haven't heard much.
I am busy right now, can I ignore you some other time?
don't you love when people don't trust you? it's my favorite
When You Just Tweet For Ya Health
I've got the twitter birthday balloons and everything! My god my life is so complete.
I like how half the time I text my father for something, I can't ever get a response
Good to see the Festival State driving dancers away. # sap a r l i #Ausdance S A # brain drain # p e r f o r m a n c e # arts # a us p ol # a del aide
"And Jesus said to them, 'Only judge yourself on three things that you do well and judge others on everything they do wrong.'"  #JK
Why am I so good at talking to men?
Yep haven't been this excited since Water World. # star wars # g i d d i e s t n e r d around # opening night
Dumb as rocks if u still think Rob hauled his shit in an open flatbed red truck for all the world 2 see #So Poor Cant Afford Pro Movers
Hot damn i feel great today.
With the imminent(?) legalization of marijuana, I won't get more essays on the ec. benefits of doing so. How sad. # c d ne con
Is everyone waiting in line for Alvin and the Chipmunks? There still popular!?!? Oh, and just a little bit of people for Star Wars.
Ok Twitter wins, none of this is Meek Mill's fault, the judge and DA made him violate his probation
Just got a bunch of electric shocks up my legs and needles...boy that was fun # so sore # weird experience
Well, since Putin like Trump, I guess the campaign is over and let's put him in as President.  #Rolls Eyes
What a great way to start Christmas break
Bocci in Livermore traffic back to work... # winning
Lets all just pretend to be something were not so people will like us
This week just seems to get better and better...
Thank you, person, for smoking by the back door of the gym. Loved inhaling that in during my squats  #FU
Crazy that A&M's superior educational facilities weren't enough for Kyler Murray to stick around and get a top knot have education
All I wanted for Christmas was long lines at Philadelphia airport
Is there a new Star Wars or something?? They really missed the boat on marketing....
I wish more websites did those college football hype videos.
I'm so glad I got my winter tires on in time
Apparently #Star Wars The Force Awakens is premiering tonight. Can anyone confirm or deny that.  Can't wait to see it though!!!
I just love when I'm walking home and cars like to drive by me and ether scream really loudly or honk there horn..
Remember the days before PC-NESS, when I could call someone a dairy racist. Oh no, now I have to say "lactose intolerant"
Theaters are probably gonna be crazy this weekend with SISTERS opening. # screen writing
Isn't it fun to be called a slut at school?
What a fucking good time I'm having at work # the irony
New 52-week low for Shake Shack! What's this world coming to? $SHAK
The amount of company I've had is insane. I must be so interesting
I'm not sarcastic. I'm just intelligent beyond your understanding ;) :P  rules
I love having an 11 page text only report that doesn't have a success/error summary. I'll be spending some time reading each line.
Detroit Lions take on the New Orleans Saints on Monday Night Football. Nice job NFL schedulers.  #MNF
Just got summoned for jury duty... yay... # thrilled
Putin: "As I stated, I love that Donald Trum p , such a smart man; p .s. I said that b/c it's not true, I will destroy that idiot" # p 2
The first time I really have vacation work and.... I'll be doing two of them simultaneously. Great stuff!!
Nothing says the company appreciates me like a potluck where I can't eat anything and forcing me to dance!  #So Hungry #Holiday Party
Cheers for everyone making the pictures with " this time next week it's Christmas Eve" I didn't know that! # everyone knows
I have the best of luck
The new AU DT commit: I'm sure it came down to academics in the end.
There is a time and place for ... And that is whenever and wherever the hell you want. # getting soft
Look out the window, do you see snow? I told ya'll global warming is not real! But you didn't believe me. #GOP #Young Republican
Portugal was bad enough, now oil companies want to drill it... #COP21 had a huge impact around here
#Star Wars Spoiler Alert! There's a new film...sorry if you didn't know, it's not been mentioned in many places...
My expected family contribution is too high for me to get my normal grants. # l ol # ya y # f ml
Can't believe $NFLX is only up 1% today following the news about Netflix sleep socks and Fuller House.
I'd better not mock 2K16 again you guys, Deandre Brown here says so. He blocked me noooooo.
It's so nice that these salesman help out the ONE swamped service girl. # did not happen # b o u c h e r v w
Don't worry though guys those 10k or so we are getting in the US are probably that "large %" of the decent ones. .
of course! of course I fall and scrap my knee really bad! SWEET! # w o w # kind a hurting
This day has just been great.. # fuck it
Best part of getting lunch downtown on a cold day is the 10 min it takes to bundle/unbundle up
My # girls have learned both # sex and from #Meatloaf's Paradise By the Dashboard lights. Bases covered I guess. # pa renting # music
"Oh I'm so glad I pronounced it right. Usually I'm terrible at these 'not-Smith' names." # t sl # lawyer # white problems # funny
I # wonder if the Nutella will come down in price ! #Libya Agreement # implement at ion
3 years ago today, my ex girlfriends hair ripped my nose ring out of my face #Good Times With Good People
Odd that the countries firmly agst BRITAIN'S 4yr freeze on social handouts are Estonia ; Poland ; Hungary et al ......  #leave E U
I like the color blue! # raises hand # good bad ugly :)
I love making a fool of myself constantly
Nothing starts your holiday off right like putting out fires
As a lfc fan I wanted mourinho to stay ....
Oh and Kareem Walker, former committee, just committed to the school up North. Heck of a day for Buckeye athletics
The Stream I'm watching is just oozing Charisma :')
When you find someone that is just like you it's boring.. and the opposite of you is really annoying.. What would be the solution
Literally done with my project in 3rd block, but can't ask my teacher for his opinion cause he has been gone # great
Oh sweet! Doritos Crash Course is finally backwards compatible with Xbox One! The priority of titles here is interesting. :)
"The ability to look busy is almost as important as the ability to actually BE busy" # t sl # humor # lawyer # real talk # funny
On the bright side, think of the money I just saved by not being able to buy # a de le tickets !!!
Sliding all over the road and passing two wrecks, no big deal.... School is so much more important than our lives
Delayed after pushing back from the gate... My favorite kind of delay. # stuck on the runway
So glad #FED raised rates so they can cut them now...
Eureka moment #1 Stop climate change NOW! Every man, woman, child and all other living creature's. STOP BREATHING OUT!
When your not invited >>> best feeling ever
It's always good occasionally to see someone pop up and remind you how much you've f**ked up certain things
Older people use "reply all" like a group text. I wish there was a way 2 "leave this conversation" but nah-I enjoy all the emails.
None of that was suspicious. None. Well played obi-wan.
Spoiler alert! Turns out that Martin Shkreli is Kylo Ren in The Force Awakens. $KBIO $DIS
You know who I blame? Everton, Juventus, and Paul Pogba's agent for not folding like a cheap umbrella in the summer.
Perfect start to the day. # not # why
Parents, I LOVE when you just sit there and make me chase your child around to examine them; I really need the cardio, right?
We had three black guys in the last movie, and we're up to two women in this one. Going strong so far
So sorry to be saying goodbye to Jose, really going to miss the guy...
The only regret I have about #2015 is that I didn't blame # O b am a enough for my lack of misfortunes #GOP
Anyone know of any good movies coming out this weekend?  #Star Wars The Force Awakens
Thanks so much for the help. # p is sed off
PDC World Darts Championship starts tonight. Serious fitness needed to compete....
Wow I am so excited to be a craft store slave again!!!!!!!!
I dont mean to brag, but I finished my day diet In 5 hours and 26 minutes... # humour
Folding laundry. What a GREAT way to start the day!
Doritos crash course is definitely a game I'd want to play if I owned an xbone, a hallmark of the 360 catalog
Can the heat on this bus get higher  #Seriously Tho Its Hot A F
Perfect Thursday to spend at the hospital. So happy.
"  " is the body’s natural defense against stupidity.
Being able to instantly respond with within seconds of a # stupid question is a sign of a # smart and healthy brain.
And Comelec accepted Duterte's COC. This is getting amusing. Yeah. Lah.
I'm so glad you like tweeting angry lyrics. It just makes it so much better!
I really saved a ton of time getting that gulpfile to work yesterday. # w e b d e v
'When you think you've found a parking space and you find out that there's a small car hiding in there...' :/ # thoughts # g r owls
Just can't wait for the end of the world.
You complain about having no friends, but you have a ton of followers on social media, so you should be just as happy right?
Hmm, it appears guilt is a theme in my last two tweets. Doesn't sound AT ALL like me
When someone says, "Expect the unexpected." Slap them in the face and say, "You didn't expect that, did you...?" # humour # thoughts
The number of people asleep during # a o t c is a testament to how much everyone loves it #S W Marathon
Hey # a h s bi o Ss: don't worry if you didn't prepare for today's final, you can always rely on the luck from my lucky mustache...
Pharma CEO Martin Shkreli arrested. oh no. the poor guy. (insert here) # too bad # evil laugh
So will Donald Trump accuse Sheldon Adelson of using the Las Vegas Review-Journal as a tax shelter for $LVS?
My account has almost $200 in it that I can't even use. Cool
That moment when you wake up completely strained because you have stress dreams making you tense up. # so great for my back
$KBIO down 50% # p remark et . If Shkreli new arrest was coming, maybe he shorted stock to raise money for bail?
I heard Interest Rates are going up! Can't wait to be peppered with lively Qs and self-enrichment pursuits.
Putin says suspended FIFA president Blatter deserves Nobel Peace Prize ?
I love how people praising bbh's and ks' vocal and ignore jd's existence
Think I'm on the chest infection ski slope, things are going to be fun if that's the case! # asthma problems # crap ma soft his is the case
"Any sufficiently advanced troll is indistinguishable from a genuine kook" # In t e r net #Hell Toupee #Poes Law Said this shit for years
The store was playing only Xmas music. Then suddenly Puff the magic dragon I didn't know that was a Xmas song
Working for the family business is so fun! It is all I ever wanted. # family business
if higher education wants to adapt to innovation pace how about disrupting every classroom with a disruptive idea?
I know ill ask the single girl of 10 years for help with my bird! Cos that makes perfect sense!
And in the meantime, WSJ is trying to become Malaysian's new PM. again. # just saying
Sins last.  doesn't. So sin sarcastically.
Another wonderful morning on Manchester's highways!
Cause if you like the way you look that much, Oh baby you should go and love yourself.
Just ate for the first time in 24 hours and it's a can of progresso soup(light sodium). My life>>>>>>>>>>
fault on phone line, internet, not worth a Jodrell bank :P...Customer service...*coughs* GREAT! !
People who don't understand  are brilliant.
Vlad has been accused of unconscionable conduct and false or misleading behaviour??? Well I never, really???? I don't believe you!
Apparently, according to Christianity, God sacrificed His only son, Jesus, for a faggot's sins.. Wow.. Very logical!
Anybody else have homicidal impulses towards whoever wrote #Santa Baby? # Christmas # Christmas Music #Merry Christmas # humor # funny
Am I the only one that feels safer with a sheriff up my ass when I'm driving?
Apparently 11pm is the best time of day to blow out your diaper, require a hose down & outfit change # mom life #GoTheF*ckToSleep
Klay only got 27 in the 3rd, we've seen better. #Whats All The Fuss About # Sp lash # W a r r i o r s
Thank you to whoever leaked the script reading of #The Force Awakens here my BF has now heard it #Spoiler Alert
I'm starting a weekly #comic Strip called #This Pretty Rocket about my day to day life. # E x citing Let's start tonight. #Indie Comics
when the day starts with my coffee spilled over in my car's cup holder while I was driving to work... It was so great! # ya y
Who doesn't love working till midnight on exam night??? # thanks work # men at work
Oh the sound of the blustery wind while laying in bed # soothing
Damn you're such a great friend
I like the random songs thrown my way
I'm so glad someone told me we were getting a government tax audit before I left the minion all alone down there...
Silver lining to a cancelled #Mumbai Local train, you get a week's resistance training in an hour in the next train.  #This Is Sparta
I like how the NFL owners and ESPN spin the Chargers situation to look like San Diego has a non functional government....
Read past several tweets & realize I am engaging in as much & # ridicule as to "We can't # deport 11M" as I can lay on you.
Suns currently beating Golden State. It's all about sustaining the lead. Just milk the clock.
When the uswnt loses!!! Great start to my break!! # tears # depression # low key biggest fan # not low key at all
Wait, was today Abby Wambach's last game? How come no one told me? Oh wait...
helps keep you from telling others what you really think of them.
"Around the world, police shootings are a rarity in many industrialized nations" Sara Miller Llana, Exception: The USA # shocking
Funny how fast you're moving on. I guess it meant alot.
Oh look, the #USWNT just lost. Way to send Abby off properly guys #U S Av C H N # way to go # you fuck e du p too much
Well I'm getting all of my wisdom teeth removed so excited # i don t like pain
Good job government for not shutting down. Great job getting a dig at obamacare. You guys are so great.
The biggest shocker of #Star Wars #The Force Awakens was when Bruce Willis found out he was dead the whole time #Star WarsSpoilers
I really do love humans with all my heart
Glad that Disney isn't just selling the #Star Wars music and imagery to every car company in the world.
Yes, great social game Tasha #Survivor Finale
Next time bagi info alang2, so that people boleh kalangkabut. I hope you understand ...
Dealing with nonsense when I'm sick is beyond fun.  meanwhile, my teammates rock.
Love it when someone on press row who doesn't belong there takes up residence and claps and cheers # Thunder #Get Loud But Not Here
Buying car insurance and PharmAcademic. A fun night in the Hayes house. # r e s i d e n c y life
I'm confused. Can we get Madden to do a play by play analysis for us? Again. # Sur vivo r
Currently getting eaten alive by Los Angeles traffic # ya y
Yay my insomnia is still hanging around, 2 months and counting woo hoo. I'm so happy I can't sleep
Visited my new dentist today; aaaand now I have to get four fillings. Yayyy
Did you know? People who understand  well are often good at reading people's mind
We honk for world peace # Delhi
Well, that was a fun drive home.
At least Spencer cannot cheat this week!  #Survivor Finale
Last tweet brought to you by
Anyone else like traffic ? Isn't it the best!!!? # traffic # boredom
Dwight Howard reportedly unhappy with his role in Houston?! Wow. Did not see that one coming
Increase in defense means increase in taxes. I'm sure the middle class Americans wouldn't mind paying for # T rump 's ambition.
Wait....the Celtic board don't give a fuck what the supporters think and only want your money? This is quite the fucking plot twist
Will there be another? # c h a r g e r s # memories # thanks span os family
YAY my semester made my GPA a 2.8!! 3 B's 1 C and 1 D!! # I'mbragging # average
My favorite night of the year! School Holiday Concert Night
Looks like I have a fun day shaping up for me at work tomorrow
The most fun thing in the world is waiting in a long line for an hour. Yay!
Love coming home to such a cheery boyfriend
Turns out we're not just suffering from a mental illness, we're a target market too! Hooray! # depression # capitalism
Kid Cudi postponed Sunday's show and the new date is TBA. Good thing I have no life and can accommodate any date. # annoyed
thank you, today, Wednesday, for this headache. so nice.
Utterly impressed by teenie bopper's agility to intentionally spin tires on ice/snow. That is pure talent! # I di o t # Cow x # cow eat her
Oh no Dapper Laughs blocked me, I will miss his misogynistic shitty views of women. I really will
There's a new Star Wars coming out this week? I had no idea. They really should have done a better job promoting it
Way to go, # Indians ! Those HUGE free agent moves you're making are SURE to fill up the stadium now! # dumps t e r diving
OH MY LORD, I HAVE THE BEST MOTHER EVER.
I can't believe Dean carried a trench coat around for months from car to car in memory of a guy he fears & dislikes # logic
Oakland mall 9 days before Christmas is exactly where I want to be tonight.  Off to buy everyone left gift cards
Encore just finished "Meteor Man" & immediately went into "Blankman" Very under appreciated superhero films.  #Yeah Not Really
Just sold a $62 book back for $8!!! I'm rolling in the dough!!! # college
So glad I spent long hours this summer refinishing a desk I barley use
Did # D is ne y make a "good" film for once? (there was a time when they made good films.. I wonder when that will happen again?)
This turning out to be a fantastic night
I got new tires for Xmas!! Joy!!
It's so good to be home.
I just love it when Carl is in a fantastic mood and I can do everything right in his eyes
Wait is there some new Star Wars movie coming out? I haven’t hardly heard anything about it #Star Wars Force Awakens # over kill
Toscano was optioned to AAA. I guess he really ISN'T part of the # Braves plans for the future.
My patient is being creepy again. I just love being masturbated to by an 85 year old.
What a wonderful way to end the semester.... # not
People with strong opinions based on emotional context instead of education are my favourite people of all.
Today everyone is a # photograph e r # politician # business man and # p h i lo sop her ! Me being sarcastic with a bit of
Once again, I say the English are the best with . Looooooooove. #the Originals # Klaus
So glad to see the year end slide shows are already starting to pop up on FB.  #whataboutyourchristmasphotos
Clearly today was a great day....
Real Estate firms price fixing and and anti-competitive behavior. Wow. I'm shocked.
Donald Trump will be an amazing president # l ma o o o
Making YouTube thumbnails is the FUNNEST THING EVER. # make it stop
Gilbert Arenas sure is an intelligent person..... .
OH NO A REFEREE HAS BEEN KNOCKED OUT, WHAT WILL HAPPEN NOW?  #N X T Take Over London
It's always nice to feel welcome
Moments: Star Wars, celebrity tweets, some super hero bollocks, football, little mix & dressed up animals. They know me so well.
Kc's bouncing what an atmosphere # all am out
I just moved my truck to the front street so that I could shovel it out but it's okay for your friends to park there. #Not Mad
I really, really LOVE music snobs.
At the dentist office again with the momma.... # Ti red # Dent ist # Mom # Teeth #Just Got Off Work # Mom ma # E x h a u s t e d # Fun
Ooooh that's a pretty dog # c 4 news
Packing to do, out of control blood sugars, studying still to do and two more finals to take?! I'd say this week is going great!
My FAVORITE kind of shift is the one where 3 cashiers call out on a day Corporate Reps visit. It's the best.  #My Life Right Now
Wait, did the Feds just raise interest rates by a quarter percent for the first time in almost a decade? Not sure yet...
Love it when PR companies who've never invited me to their events are clogging up my inbox looking for coverage for their clients
Take that white soxs you may have got Todd Frazier but we got Mike Napoli
Indians signed Napoli were going to the world series
Donald Trump says that as President he will bring peace & unity to the world......love a man with a sense of humour....
End of the world #FOMC meeting today! Be sure to lose your effing mind and make lots of emotional investment decisions.
Going through Christmas lists for family. I'm sure I've forgotten someone! Not that my family keeps score... # c o m p e t i t i v e spending
The wait is finally over. Can't wait for tomorrow. Who else is going to see Alvin and the Chipmunks??
On JUCO signing day, remember: players flipped away from your team are Benedict Arnold; those who flipped to it "saw the light".
Seems I've missed all the fun of twitter today!  #Barrell Of Chill Pills Needed
Abby Wambach is prob the reason why the women's team looked so...homogenous.
Nothing like public disclosure policy review first thing in the morning to keep you awake where's the # coffee
That Brand New Canadian tour that's skipping over Winnipeg
Sure, it's cool, Reds. Go ahead and trade the best players on our team. We don't mind.  #Im Really Mad About This
Gums are numb, getting ready to get drilled on. So excited for this...
Sundowns 2-0 Chiefs (Chiefs leading 3-2 on aggregate)
It's that time when you receive computer generated pre-printed seasonal greetings from people you barely know. #Personal Touch
Good thing I know about control+enter, since the last firefox update, twitter no longer has any buttons # m o z ill a rocks
Hi we're a party of 20 *do you have a reservation? No, why? Do I need one? *No, we always have a table for 20 ready just in case.
2 sick kids and a sick mommy Today should be a blast
The fair is literally the exact same time as I normally stream... #WONDERFUL . But I will be back tomorrow 4PM PST SHARP! <3
I wonder if the Fed is going to announce emergency plans to stimulate the iConomy by purchasing $AAPL stock?
Does the Fed meet today? I can't seem to find anything online about it.  #FOMC
I buy designer purses for my cat to sleep in... # seriously # cat lady p robs # cat life
Oh man, the high-pitched squeals of those chipmunks are like sweet molasses to my ears. # ear bleed
Birthday spent getting quals and making sure everything is ready for a long work trip! Woo!!!
I might wanna see a movie this weekend. I wonder if anything good is playing.
why not a a state funeral then? #Licio Gelli # it al y
Paul Ryan, great job stopping the shady surveillance bill. Very classy.
Status: "Enjoying my white male privilege.." # Patriarch y
My goal in life is to be as cocky/ confident as lance is w himself.
I fucking LOVE constantly repeating myself. ///  (-_-)
Receiving personalized emails from spammers makes me feel soooo special.
Writing post hearing briefs all day... # Y a y !
i really love dealing with car dealerships
Ima steal a Tweet cause I've never said this myself before.......
I wish the media would give more coverage/analysis to this Fed thingy announcement. I wish I knew more about it # markets
Christmas is next week and I have yet bought one gift. I am killin it over here! # need personal assistant
Brazil downgraded to junk. Good thing there's a lot of appetite for junk bonds right now.
rate hike so good for the mkts that even $aapl is up ;-)  of course
Stopping at the grocery store every morning to get food only for that day is so efficient and fun.
was so nice being back at the Weald today
Thank goodness it started to rain. The flood waters were starting to recede. # flooding # sorry not sorry # about right # raindrops
great morning to kick off today
Gambling? Pete Rose can't make the Hall of Fame but today's athletes can make money on their mistakes. Keep up the good work guys
Wow! A user license limit error does in fact mean you have reached your user license limit! # mind blown # t e c h support
Spring in December...sure there's no such thing as global warming
Wow I look gooooood this morning # hello finals
Should've known 3mins=15=miss my bus by 2mins=late for work. Thanks # red line for being dependable as always #MBTA
#My Parents Forgot To Mention that life is unfair and no one gives a shit! Thanks for the heads up!
Because I'm sure the latest status/update on fb I.g etc is more important than your health right??
Why Yes, 0640 is a Totally appropriate time to text me over a minor misspelling on a website. # No #ItsReally No t
So glad to see the University of Kentucky expanding the use of that ugly K!
The Music Class performance tomorrow. We sound "good"
HEARD THAT WE'LL BE DOING A LOT OF STUFF DURING CHRISTMAS BREAK. HOHOHO TIS THE SEASON TO BE JOLLY FA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA.
Beginning to think my shoulder is a muscle issue. Applied heat & that helped for a while. Today is human Guinea pig day. # oh ya y
# C o n s e r v a t i v e s should understand… when Lib policies FAIL— it's ALWAYS your fault # economy #Foreign Policy #ACA #ISIS … # c c o t
I reckon Perf can win the premiership from here. Yes you’re right, that’s [ ] dripping through there. #A League
#Pray For Hanne stop favourising muslims who buys toilet paper.
#RRR great to see Red Rock keeping investors interests close to their heart.
If I Smile when i talk to you, it sounds like i actually care what the fuck you're jabbering on and on about.
"A new fantastic four because we just have to have a black guy, black guys can be heroes too, undo racism."
Literally sleeping with my trash can next to me because the food here is so great #Food Poisoning #It Is Finals Week #Cafe Food Is The Best
Man, I'm groggy this a.m. Must've been a bad dream. I was watching an old re-run of Romper Room, & the # republic and e bat e brokeout.
That's not entirely true. I'm being facetious. Because I have a Masters I can say big words like facetious and know what the mean
I'm in work, there's nothing to do and it's cold. Great. Just great.
Yeayy after this can start back hobi memasak,mengemas,membasuh. # daily r out in
I absolutely LOVE when the people behind me are talking the ENTIRE CONCERT # really
I just love procrastinating :))) whoever started doing it first really knew how to have a good time :))))))
So I'm spending my New Year's Eve at a wedding.... Yay.... # there better be an open bar
Growth hacking tip of the day: MRR should come month on month. #Growth Hacking # tips
Huckabee: "don't buy a college education you can't afford" Well didn't you just solve everyone's damn problem #So Smart!!!
Love having to wait for loading to play a new game
Getting retweeted without obvious/necessary  tags will get my PC card revoked. -leaps for fainting couch-
Force Awakens Friday. 6:45. I am somewhat looking forward to it. #Star Wars Force Awakens  #No Spoilers
I'm not stressed out or anything!
#G O P Debate The childish smirking and eye rolling made #Donald Trump look so presidential.  #Not Presidential Material #Grow Up Trump
If we beat the Bucks tonight, does that mean we are better than GSW?
I love when people don't make new original game concepts and rip off others.
Usually the last refuge of modest, chaste-souled people when the privacy of their soul is coarsely& intrusively invaded -Dostoevsky
...and that im a liar. Yeah. Such a great day. I love having my mom in Florida  #Old Ways Never Change
Oh gosh, it's just so fun being the only married childless person at a Xmas party aimed at families # t i p s y t w e e t s
What i gleaned from tonight's debate - war everyone into submission. Because that works, every time. .
Because "in God we trust" isn't on a dollar bill. Mhm, yeah sure.
Kasich is from Ohio ?  #G O P Debate
We gotta keep the immigrants out because #ISIS ! #G O P Debate # great wall of trump
Can anyone tell me what state John Kasich is from??? I'm not clear on that... #G O P Debate
Trade # K a ne , trade # Crawford . # Black hawks season over.
#G O P Debate Glad to see how humble you are, Trump. Really makes me like you more. # so much
The "shut down the internet" portion was truly a highpoint. #G O P Debate
On immigration issue, I was waiting on the praise to be heaped upon Prez. Obama since he's deported more than Prez. Bush  #G O P Debate
I'm really happy this two hour debate was just about foreign policy and terrorism.
"I too remember September 11th." # not p and e ring
Trump just switched from independent to republican. I am SHOCKED.  #G O P Debate
Is John Kasich from Ohio? I haven't heard him mention it. #G O P Debate
Jordan Smith wins! Wow, I am surprised.
Wait, Trump only been a politician for 6 months?  #Shocked But Not Shocked
It is good we have an electoral system that demands candidates swear allegiance to private organizations, not voters. #G O P Debate
Lol how did I get so lucky?
I guess it's a good thing there are so many Chicago transplants in CO? This sounds like a home game for us! #Go Avs Go
I love the comments coming from the minds of celebrities in California that totally understand today's strife #G O P Debate
Can we take a vote plz & get Lindsey Graham in w/the big kids? WE'RE GOING 2 KILL ISIL. KILL ISIL. ANY WE CAN, KILL ISIL #G O P Debate/
What brass balls on these GOP candidates! Not one mention of the climate change threat!
Will someone please tell me why "Ted" Cruz doesn't go by his real name Rafael? #G O P Debate
Muslim countries are not helping thousands of vulnerable immigrants then why should we? #Real Leadership  #G O P Debate
Kasich has too big a heart. Yeah, that's the problem.  #G O P Debate
I had no idea Gov Christie was a federal prosecutor.
Yes lets just focus on a select few of the candidates while ignoring the rest. #G O P Debate
Guys, did you know Chris Christie was a former federal prosecutor? #G O P Debate
Hey, did you guys know Chris Christie is a former federal prosecutor?  #G O P Debate
was christie a federal prosecutor around the time of 9/11? # go p debate
Oh you are a former federal prosecutor? I had no idea #G O P Debate  #Chris Christie
Love that you answer a question by saying "I haven't taken a position on that".  #G O P Debate
Someone replaced the empty toilet paper roll AND the empty paper towel roll!! It's a Christmas miracle!!! # Surprise
Yeah, cause Israel hasn't had any issues with terrorism.  #Trumps Wall
Thanks for having a great understanding of how to properly combat the heroin problem in America!  #GOP #G O P Debate
Again it took me 2 years to get my pharmacist wife to this country through legal immigration. It was very smooth and awesome
The Flames amazingly awesome PP is coming up!  #C G Yvs N S H
Gee, do you think there's a new Star Wars movie coming out soon!? . Are you excited for it?
"I don't do a lot of talking. I do a lot of doing" - Ben Carson. So poetic...  #C N N Debate
Wait, Kasich balanced the budget in Congress and in Ohio as Governor? How has he not been talking about this more?!?!
OMG, Apparently, all the worlds problems are Hillary and President Obama's fault, who knew
If the # C a n u c k s come back and win do we still consider sending McCann to the WJC??? # six pack
The Allen chants are incredibly innovative and pithy. Well played 'Peggers.
Punch in the nose? Putin just peed his pants  #G O P Debate
What a shock to see Dwight Howard get afoul in the 1st 2 minutes of a game # R o c k e t s #NBA #Hes Soft
# K e j r i w al urs is a act of cowardice. First u stressed abt more teeth to anti corruption. Now u are telling its mad. #Modi Kejri War
Now we're supposed to "punch the Russians in the nose"? Oh that's helpful  #G O P Debate
Anything I tweet tonight should be read with
I love how Christie sounds like the absolute expert on foreign policy
Wait, what kind of car was that? It wasn't clear. # n i s s an # the voice finale
# A vs another beautiful play by Nate Guenin. He's the best defenseman of all time I
Apparently to the GOP, the shia' are the enemy. If only there were militants in Syria that thought the same way. #G O P Debate # is is
Carson, if we don't invade and occupy Syria, ISIS will invade and occupy the US. Smart man.  #G O P Debate
ISIS is the only problem, not everyone killing each other with guns. Nope, ISIS did it. #G O P Debate
When do I get to elect one of these jokers into office?  #G O P Debate
Is this a debate on ISIS? Why are these people not talking about COP21 and the most serious threat to the planet?  #G O P Debate
Rand Paul actually talks about U.S. laws and treaties. What a wimp!  #G O P Debate
Thanks for cutting # R and off there # wolf blitz e r # R and R ally #G O P Debate
Oh, now I see, Ted Cruz. We just need to #Go After The Bad Guys and "utterly destroy" them. So simple when you say that. #G O P Debate
When did we cut defense spending? I missed when it dropped beneath half our GDP  #G O P Debate
Political correctness is on trial tonight, folks! When National security is at stake, racism is absolutely necessary.  #G O P Debate
Wow we haven't thought about bombing them Ted Cruz. That is brilliant! Military brilliance shining through #G O P Debate
BINGO! POLITICAL CORRECTNESS CAUSES TERRORISM! Good job, guys, we figured it out!  #G O P Debate
definitely gonna pass this Spanish test tomorrow.
In case you were wondering, yes, ISIS is the ONLY problem with # m e r i c a # i cant
Yes Christie, saying you're bored is going to convince me to vote for you. #G O P Debate
Watching this #G O P Debate makes me scared to even leave my house, unless I'm going to the polls to vote republican.
Mark Levin is a reputable fact checker… #G O P Debate
Kasich's politician hand gestures on fleek. #G O P Debate # s w a g
That's cool that Chris Christie promotes spying on American citizens. # winner
Nice to see the boys stepping up for their leading scorer on that hit after the whistle.... # Oilers
# T rump is so # modest . # president i al d e bat e # republic and e bat e
My anesthesiologist lied to me when he said he was just giving me oxygen. This is why I have trust issues. #justincaseyoudidn'tknow
Trump is such a good person!
#KLCC is a Malaysian Icon. So iconic that coming into it is so movie like. Slo-mo walk through the fog of Vape and Cigarette Smoke
Who's that calm person speaking as if he were Donald Trump? How long will it last? #G O P Debate
Did you know that Ben Carson was a surgeon? I don't think I've heard him say that yet... #G O P Debate
I turn on TV to hear Fiorina call on citizens to take the country back from the media. Oh well, we had a good run... #G O P Debate
Jeb!'s off to a nice start.  #G O P Debate
Wait why is Hillary in the #G O P Debate?!
I'm wearing the same outfit, barely got any sleep, and had to rush to the office to beat coding time. # good times
Oh great.. A power play. #T B Lightning
Wayne Newton looks totally normal # go p debate
# h s g o v chat Never thought a country musician would sing the anthem before a Republican debate
Never would have picked a country singer. # du h
Notice Rubio and that big ole smile. His PR told him it'd win over more votees
Aww Paul hanging in for dear life and Christie floating himself back to the adults table! Happy day!  #G O P Debate
Oh yay, #G O P Debate starting with all the hateful speech
Trump just gave a frat brother shake to Marco Rubio. The 2016 ticket is all set! #G O P Debate
Thanks CNN pundits for answering the top question on voters' minds: Will Trump attack Cruz first? #G O P Debate
It's shocking how old people with nothing to lose and everything to gain think war is the best solution. #G O P Debate
#The Best Medicine For antisocial behavior is obviously to tell the kid he can do no wrong.
Nice to see the NBA refs are being stellar as usual tonight
I love being woken up by coughing for the 3rd night in a row. It's so awesome!
Trump thinks everyone's gonna go after him in the #G O P Debate, which is weird because so far he's said nothing to anger anyone
Very difficult to take the #GOP seriously after the JV #G O P Debate. Can't wait to hear the varsity team debate .
Kejriwal has lot to learn from Rahul gandhi..oops i mean the other way..ooops again..its one and the same #Arvind Vs Modi # confused
# C a vs getting out-hustled, there's a surprise
Come on ppl,don't ask me stupid question,cuz i'll go #Stiles Stilinski on ur ass. ismyonlydefense  #Teen Wolf #Dylan O Brien
I love my job and my salary is. . . I'm speechless.
There are literally no movies opening on Friday! I guess I'll have to see Alvin and the Chipmunks.
Turnovers anyone? Do you prefer cherry or apple?
I'm just having a happy day you know
140 days with his boots on the ground. Lindsay Graham is the greatest American ever!!!!
My timing is impeccable. Like i have the best timing ever.
Loving the fact that I'm stuck at work for 2 1/2 more hours and it's still snowing... # said no one ever # i just want to go home
Trade Terrence Jones, keep Ty Lawson. Sure, why not? Makes perfect sense!
i love trying to talk to someone and being iced. nice feeling.
I don't know why everyone feels the need to tell me their problems. Maybe I smile too much. Maybe I wear too much pink
Jennifer Lawrence Enjoys Being A Human Being wooo this is awesome news
Huckabee is always so profound. He should be a philosopher!
Love it when you are happily watching Netflix and then you remember you have homework
Looks like a real diverse crowd.  #G O P Debate #C N N Debate #CNN
CNN sure has diverse moderators for the #G O P Debate. .
Yay, Wiz Khalúa's Cabin Fever 3 is trending. After the success of Cabin Fever 1 & 2 I can't believe it took so long to come out!
one good thing and then the shit hits the fan..... thanks chemo doctors your fucking awesome!
Hillary Clinton got Walter Mondale's endorsement. So what is going to happen next? Is Bob Dole going to endorse Jeb Bush?
I love when it get super busy right as I'm finishing getting stuff cleaned up at work
Oh good, another Steve Jobs film.
Two trades in two days, what is this the Trade deadline?!?
I just fucking love hearing my parents telling me they don't believe in my future. I fucking love having their support.
Was Holly dumped? She never mentions it! #Geordie Shore
My AWD car sure is coming in handy this winter
Smash sure needed more Fire Emblem characters. Didn't have enough of those already.
Yay! More anime-sword fighters! That's what we want from Smash!
All DSLR users will have to get registered. Please send $5.00 and we will register you today.....
Entire office network is down. Yay
Nothing like getting joked with about being single by your whole team… Yep it’s funny… Nope totally not lonely this time of year
The first person I always go to to find out what's TRULY conservative is S. E. Cupp.
I forget that the people I follow on twitter don't know me or my sense of humor . I must sound like a total shit sometimes. # humor
So # r t e p t tonight is about more promises of flood prevention frm same auld TDs & M50 traffic? Licence fee money well spent.
Don't ya just love when people only want to be friends with you on their terms? It's just the best!
Yay for construction when there's already a lot of traffic  #This Sucks
Who knew you could purchase stun guns to give as gifts to little children? America is one great country. # gun control # no guns
#TTC is going to fight #Uber Hop because #TTC hasn't got a serious capacity problem.
So my New Years Eve is going to be a blast!
I haven't been on Twitter in a while. Anything controversial going on?
Okay. Okay great timign there, cool, cool.
This play is BORRRIINNGG not at all like my life # un re la table
I'd like thank the lady who drove into my car this morning, causing me to 'curb' my tyre ripping a hole in it, before driving off.
Do you know it when even your smart friends get stumped by your math homework? # mat his evil # i cannot brain
Lost a follower today. Disappointed they didn't deliver the 500 extra followers they promised me # s p am b o t
Hey everyone! Fant4stic is on DVD & Blu Ray today! Sound the out of tune trumpets! # fantastic 4 # w hens marvel
I love it when city workers make a bunch of noise w/ their machinery down the street as I try to work on my final paper. # u g h
A New Hope! R2 has just been captured! This can only end badly... (I have seen this before) #Star Wars  #A New Hope
Apple Mail just gets better and better. # buggy #AAPL
Thank god. I was getting nervous... Sean Rodriguez has re-signed with the # Pirates , says an MLB source.
You've made it in life when a group of guys quote ying yang twins and mike jones lyrics to you as you walk to your car # blessed
Cheers for killing my jam Spotify, appreciated...
Still at work. On my day off. My favorite.
Shoutout 4 the awesome weather. Oh & multiple hospital deliveries. Not to forget the almost nonexistent tips. Great day to b alive
Can't wait to be broke after Christmas shopping.
6pm? what a sik time of the day to wake up # what is wrong with my body
Lawyers and insurance companies are my favorite. .
Anybody know where I can get any Star Wars merch for the new movie?
I made it an entire month without having to borrow money! $24 leftover. Yay me! # Sing le mom # do what you gotta do
Dan Kennedy to LA Galaxy. I'm SO surprised.
helps make the world a more tolerable place :)
Being sick on the plane is so fun!
"They should help the homeless before helping refugees!" Me: Yes. Let's make 2 separate & distinct issues the same. That's logical.
My best friend, ex, and former crush are visiting me at the same time. Noo, this isn't awkward at all. .
We never even got snow days, so cal kids these days have it so good. # terror day ( ... just in case you're stupid)
My wrapping skills are on point..
Wow! # Moments is definitely the best place to find out what's happening! Always wanted to know the best Taylor Swift video of 2015
I just LOVE waiting with some of these #4 Kmoms ... # some are cool
: the ability to insult idiots without them realizing it.
we're gonna need some more bomb-control laws... # t c o t # tea party
Ur absolutely amazing # Face book ! I finally get to view posts from last Sat, TODAY! And on Sat, I'll b able to view posts frm today.
Student: Mrs. Pharr what is sledding? Me: When you get on a sled and sled. Student: Oh okay.
why is twitter so slow ugggghg its 3:30am it should be bustling at this time of night
Mr perfect can't be questioned. . He is the only perfect person in India #A A P Tards # a apex posed #If C B I Raids
Love having friends who want to go get lunch w me or take me to get much w then wow much love (-::::::  (-:
I LITERALLY only know statins rn # so checked out
im gonna gouge out those eyeballs
Im just so smart & just passed my science test
So since this is a bomb threat is Obama going to try to outlaw electronic devices too # tea party # t c o t # prep per talk
Forced to overcome anxiety because of consumerism. Awesome. # snow # work life balance
Love that all my friends are hotter than me...makes for great moments....
Only 10 days until the 24-hr marathon of A Christmas Story. # joys
Infrastructure meeting at 11. Yay we have to introduce ourselves. Woot woooot!
$VRX and $LL both surging today. Cream really rising to the top here, eh?
Big S/O to the student that took my IPad charger & scissors from my room & never returned them.  #Come On Man #Doors Open Please Return
Just imagine it takes #Tim Peake less time to get to the space station than most Fifers take get to Edinburgh. # Fort h road bridge
You know I'm sick if I sleep through # raw . I totally missed Roman becoming champ. What a bummer
Government has so much time to finalize the tax extenders.
Watching a guy yawning, picking his nose and rolling his snot while talking to customer # e n t h u s i a s t i c employee
Another day of Liz looking out the window....that's not weird at all  #GH
Yes adding in hip pain to the back and random real contractions. This is getting fun! # pregnancy t we et
I have no idea how the #USPS is failing. I mean everyone working at this branch is just the nicest and least rude workers ever!!!
I just love being treated like a child at work.
Update: for unknown reasons someone decided to put a house beat under "Hello". Cue epic 7 AM rave.
It's almost 2016 and same-sex marriage still hasn't been legalised in Australia. # p r o u d t o b e a n a u s s i e # love is love
Time check: 8:41pm. 5:30 umalis ng offce. Thank you so much heavy rain and traffic.
I mean, to be fair, why would the Dolphins think the Giants would throw to Odell in that situation? # jets
Drinking coffee flavored water this morning. Gonna be a great day.
E-tolls, Marikana, All things Zuma, Fees, SAA, Land reclamation, corruption=The ANC is such a listening party  #Zuma Must Fall #ANCNWC
Got to have another operation. Oh how I am thrilled to put myself through all this again
off work, poorly. because I can REALLY afford a day's lost income
Oh goodie, a new Twitter feature! # Moments # not really oh go o die
# u bunt u and SMTP relay and # office 365 configuration = fun
#If C B I Raids #Rahul Gandhi, they will find Chota Bheem episodes! # P rank #The Dumbest Person On Earth
There's soooo many people lined up at the door... # retail problems
There's dog hair in my bed. Thanks bruh # get some
and # O r g a s m . Two things most people don't get. Those who do are smiling right now.
Eating leftover Burger King & pop for breakfast because I want to start this day off right! # just kidding #This Dayis Already Ruined
2016 planner filling up nicely with events & projects If I got paid for planning I'd be rich  #Better Than Sitting Home Alone
Oh, what a wonderful day. </  > – at The Oval Office
glad to know jenner got my back
If i get the job I want, i'll be tabling even less. But hey, one less artist to bitch about at artist alley, am I right?
Yahoo almost half way through the week
It's awesome when my alarm is set for 445am and I'm wide awake at 230am....
Another late night IT work session is about under wraps. This doesn't screw up my sleep schedule at all.
I want to thank SE trains from the bottom of my heart for providing a wonderful commuting experience on a daily basis, I salute you.
Gutted when you come into work and the whole network is still down # call centre problems
Just left work for lunch and heard a strange otherworldly howling. Really hope it isn't # C t h u l h u . # literature # Love craft
People at work who see me tantrum must thing I watched a lot of #Donald Duck growing up. # humor # funny # D is ne y
glad to see that the new # C it r i x HTML5 Client setup still has no UI feedback.
Next breaking news : # c o w a r d k e j r i w al was driving with Salman Khan in Hit and Run case --- #Coward Modi
A corporation literally killed a mom and pop organization. THIS SHOW IS SO CLEVER. # Fargo
Looks like # Winnipeg is getting snow. Just in time for my arrival. # happy t we et or You be the judge.
you're cool make fun of your daughter and her mental health/suicidal past you're a great mom. #Mom Of The Year
dear mom and dad thank you for always leaving me alone in the house with no food
Next breaking news : Kejriwal was driving with Salman Khan in Hit and Run case ---  #Yo Aap So Congress
Don't you hate it when the middle of your sentence interrupts the start of someone else's??
#Black Ink Crew C H I can't wait for next week's episode to see more men screaming in women's faces! Yay! # i k e t u r n e r s
Last day of work, now it'll just be me and my imaginary boyfriend this holiday, can't wait!!!
Parker you've really outdone yourself # so bored
Wow, thank you so much for picking your bag off that train seat I paid for. I'm sure it had a hard day at work # trains suck
Congrats Eli Manning for having your first great game!  #Giants Suck #Manning Sucks
Dear #Arvind Kejriwal! Thank you for rewarding the juvenile who just raped the girl brutally! such a brave thing done by him
Great news! The kitten has mastered the art of opening the bedroom door. At 4:30am.......
Nothing beats a good morning like being called gay in the first chat I read! Today is gonna be a good day....!  #I Am Not Gay
Jamie Benn on D tomorrow for #Fan Duel. Bold move...trying to shake things up. # skill game # n h l #QA
I need to loose 20 kgs, make INR 100,000 and sleep for 10 days by next week # lazy forever
Sometimes I compare the understanding of # traffic # rules to # Sheldon understanding , but he got better with time # p une # irony
Odell is the first WR to catch a pass and run 84 yards for the TD!!!!!!!!!!!! #MNF
Phenomenal defense displayed there by Miami.
Yay! My guitar string just broke!!
BREAKING: Odell catches a pass in the end zone while keeping both feet inbounds. First time in the history of the #NFL #MNF
I don't think that was a face mask  #MNF #N Y Gvs M I A
Tannehill is simply fantastic against a third string defense. Worth every penny #N Y Gvs M I A
Is there a new #Star Wars coming out? I haven’t heard a thing about it, or have seen any promotional things for it.  #ps I Am Excited
It's a good thing that I've met people at college, otherwise I would think that it would have been a waste.
Santa is offensive. He must be shot down...
Oh great the FINALs will determine my grades in like 3 of my classes # no pressure
Apparently there is a new Star Wars movie coming out this Friday??
The best times to use  is when people cannot detect that you are being
Oh look, it's a #T C M Wine Club commercial. Haven't seen one of these in a while. #T C M Party
Oh. My. God. Daley to the Penguins for Rob frickin' Scuderi. SOLID.
He should've caught that with one hand.  #N Yvs M I A
Do I really need Intro to AAST just because my minor is AAST?? Lol #Debating Life  #Let Me Ask My Advisor
"Mild mannered, obedient Paige" my coworker said with a laugh.  #They Know Me Well
Wait.... There is a new Star Wars movie coming out this week? This it the first I've heard about it. # enough of the p reviews
Hmm. I wonder what's going to happen because a match with someone's job on the line has never happened before. #RAW
So Reigns is the champ tonight? Great. # Raw
McNabb putting together another Hall of Fame performance. # la kings
Another day another dollar. Hahaha more like another day another coin. It gets a little boring sometimes. Oh, the excitement!!!!!
Nothing better than calling every single immediate family member and not one answers.
I just read an article that condemns sexual harassment and victim blames in the same paragraph. #wow I Love H K
If only Christmas was everyday in December I would have many Christmas Gifts for myself # Funny # Re we et # Follow
"WHAT you mean we CAN'T stereotype 2nd Temple Jews are you KIDDING?" #New Testament Review # D ink le r
All these Bad Bitches on one show it's overwhelming
There's a line you don't cross. Don't attack the boss. You're supposed to let them attack you every week. # Raw
I can't wait to listen to Jon Gruden while watching Monday Night Football #Gruden Grinder
The #Mike Sullivan era is off to a great start.
I'm pretty sure that this least understood thing on the internet is
Taking antidepressants while pregnant cause autism ? I thought it was safe to alter your chemistry while sharing your body # autism
I'd like to congratulate Famous Magazine on their "How much do stars weigh" article (no male stars) - yay for body shaming women!
Global warming is definitely a hoax! Look how cold it is in December in the U.S.! # global warming
I love playing 'Where's Waldo' with PDFs from CAD drawings
Taking the sticky notes out of the rental textbooks... so fun
With ice levels in games comes ice mechanics. Oh, I just absolutely love ice mechanics
That's all ppl need is a certain amount of retweets to stop smoking? Well, look at god
Kim Kardashian are her placenta. Cool. # because she loves herself
# O b am a # is is defeat plan A FAN FOR EVERY # R a di calm u slim & MANDATORY AIR CONDITIONING IN EVERY MOSQUE comfort
So I see that 67% of Trump supporters do not have a college education, as reported on #MTP. I'm shocked.
Looking forward to spending my whole day on a plane tomorrow
23:44 in bed. 23:25 done with university.. 6:45 getting up again. Awesome
hey guys lets all vote LeBron and Steph into the All Star Game!!! they won't get in without our help.  #N B A Vote
Heisman voting process needs electoral voting process.
I'm the luckiest person in the world
When was the last time you heard a Republican blame Pres # O b am a for gas??? The bastard...I'm paying $1.49 per gal.
The AirTrain at JFK is not confusing at all…
Yesssss!!! Walmart has played TWO Taylor Swift Christmas songs since I've been in here. # making it be arable # super happy holidays
If people feel so safe without their guns, try the # hug a thug approach. Maybe they won't take your money.
Either Leicester city fouls of Chelsea messes up great football guys # bad football
Left the till at home. It's a good day. # sofar so good
Good to hear the Chelsea fans getting right behind there team
"He said February 14. At least I hope he said the 14th, 'cuz that's what I wrote." # t sl # lawyer # oops
Thnx Comcast for the new modem and great speeds I can enjoy for the 3 mins the modem is up followed by 15 mins downtime. So great.
Hmm every man at the Roosh V talk wants their face blurred, can't imagine why
Today was an interesting day at work... unfortunately I burned my arm! # oops but i'm ok! So.. that was a great way to start the day
Mourinho. Off down that tunnel quicker than Usain. What a crying shame  #Lei Che
Just woke up now it's time for work, can't wait to get my hand dirty, this is what I love to do # love my life
Naps are the best thing in life don't let anyone tear down your dreams # follow 4 follow # i cant we et # c u z i can
Hey drinks people, nigella Lawson just created a cocktail, its nothing like a negroni, she made it, trust.... # bourbon i
How can Leicester possible be so high in the table playing 442? That's disgusting, bloody Stone Age loving dinosaurs...
Nice to see # E a s t e n d e r s embracing the real reason behind the Christmas celebration(!) . # should be ashamed #itsnotajustaboutpresents
I absolutely love making minimum wage to do my boss's job. # p a s s i v e a g r e s s i v e #Said Noone Ever
Hey raiders fans, 1 out of 10 ain't bad. # con g rats
That moment when someone cries over a chipped nail and u say "o crap" # drama queen # save me
Town of Woodland NC sets fire to all its woodlands and farms after declaring war on plants for "sucking up too much sun." # solar
I love when technology doesn't work on a Monday!
Oh the lols we've had on Southeastern trains recently...
Such a wonderful moday! This day couldn't be better if I received a check for $600,000
First Carson Palmer, now this. How dare the Steelers use their knees to break Andy Dalton's thumb. I am outraged. # Ben gals theory
Statistically, Russell Wilson had the best 4 weeks a QB has EVER HAD. Too bad he's distracted by the money and his girlfriend.
Tasting table on # the chew now sponsored by Coke. That's giant red banner isn't AT ALL annoying to me.
You know what makes a 35-week pregnant woman feel awesome? When you tell her she looks huge and ready to pop. # pregnancy problems
Your perspective must be skewed by that high horse you're riding # arrogance # wit # funny # o b s e r v at ions
What came first, Hallmark or Birthdays? # mind blown # think about it # w o w
If # pet e rose had only raped, murdered, cut up and ate someone, he'd be the hall. Those gamblers though....worse than #ISIS
suuuuch a great way to start my week
Well this week is off to a great start.
Well that final couldn't have went better
Yay Monday! Love working on markdowns! Soooooo much fun! # retail life # retail problems
Do I seriously need to have  in all of my sarcastic tweets so those who just suddenly decide to read one understand what I mean?
When your dad messages you saying you have to go to Bond Street. Oh nooo, have to physically go into McQueen shop & buy a ring
god forbid that an American adult in 2015 has to get up from his seat and chase a ball around, lol...we dont do that shit, lol
Well, my name's ''Powerwoman'' so I'm pretty sure it's obvious I'm a guy, right. # cap t obvious
OH A NEW YORK JUDGE OVERRULES A TOM BRADY SUSPENSION 4 DEFLATEGATE BUT MLB UPHOLDS THE PETE ROSE BAN YEAH THAT SOUNDS FAIR
Because those intending to cause us harm would never lie about their religion  Think about it people.
Nothing I like better than standing in the cold for a bloody hour waiting for a train home!! # south eastern
Oh joy...no coffee in the office and a butthurt boss. This Monday is already awesome! # need coffee
Oh! Obama's giving another speech!.....i feel so much safer now.
:'( # Soon #Nizar Akn by : N.A ♡
Shoutout to global warming/climate change deniers! It's 68° on December 14th in Cleveland, OH. Keep up the good work! # science
Maybe $GPRO should start selling hoverboards?
I am embarrassed to be a horse racing fan at the moment. I am also glad to see the Zayats taking the loss so well.
OK, I finally made it to work. Yes, I'm at work on release day because it's the busiest time of the year. Yay, commencement.
I like that The Castle put "Happy Holidays" on their window...
My Windows 10 laptop is super stable since the most recent updates.
Getting my car inspected, tires rotated, oil changed, and washed all in one day. Being a grown up is fun...
I love Chicago traffic. Being stopped lets me see the skyline...for two hours.
#Modi In Kerala Kerala BJP leader wrongly translates #NarendraModi's Hindi speech.Malayalam # social media goes agog with fun, pun &
dedicate the song "Slow Motion" by Trey Songz to my internet line.
[ is it? as expected from an /awesome/ man.  lel jk I still can be your shelter even without trading numbers right? /notthisagain ]
The only thing you never failed to disappoint me with is disappointing me!
Nothing says "good morning" like cleaning up a flooded basement
Wow on this grey day joe is really trying to lift our spirits ! # live line
Thunderstorms while I'm editing are awwwwesooooome  #Just Let Me Work
Theres nothing better than waking up to someone else's alarm. # just wake up already
Crimbo shopping in the rain is great craic. # o b vs
Barcelona!!!!!..... I'm totally shocked,never seen that one coming
"I would # never torture other human beings to get information; I'd do it just for the fun of it." look it up.
The best time to eat really crunchy food is during a class/seminar. Nothing will go wrong, trust me ;) ( )
#Things College Kids Dont Get what actual drama is. # humor
Why do we make drunken driving laws? If alcoholics want to drink and drive, there's nothing we can do to stop it!
Amazingly, my Christmas spirit has dwindled significantly whilst at work. Hmm, wonder why? # hate my job # b ah hum bug
Love how people express there emotions on Twitter. If your gonna say it. Say it to there face
So it turns out that John Ruddy is a violent cunt. Never would have guessed. # i t f c # n c f c
$GPRO down 5.5% # p remark et following Morgan Stanley downgrade. Maybe $QVCA should buy $GPRO?
Climate Change & Global Warming Thanks for no snow in Maryland at Christmas time. ? Guess.
Good thing Shen has substitute bus drivers that know their way around Clifton Park...
Newell Rubbermaid and Jarden are merging. New company to be called DowDuPontRubbermaid.  $NWL $JAH Actual new name: Newell Brands
It’s Monday morning, so of course all “fresh week, fresh start” people are in the gym. Can’t wait til January
Anybody know what time the big draw is? #Europa League #MUFC
oh? your mommy doesnt wanna pay that much for your hair? aw.. so sad. sad face. # get a job
Can't seem to find anything anymore. First the person who was driving Salman Khan's car and now the Beep song composer. # beep song
And # Monday is already off to a fabulous start... # Nope
Del Rio vs. Swagger is as exciting as it was in 2013 when they done this feud.  #WWETLC
Your secrets are safe with me because I wasn't listening in the first place # funny
Well it's official. We are playing for the draft now. I guess the number one pick is worth playing for. # Cow boys
Perhaps if we light up more buildings and monuments, terrorists will stop atacking. JS. #ISIS # terrorists # j i had
The chamomile tea is a # necessity this morning. #Monday Funday
Christmas sing-song at 4am from the 4yo. Just wonderful; beautiful in fact!! # Christmas # too excited
the only way to watch jem and the holograms is in a double feature with josie and the pussycats
Watching the #TLC pre match and Team BAD are singing. We off to a great fucking night.  #Tweet The Table
On the train to Milton Keynes , oh the joy !!
I had the s ass iest day ever. Sorry it's been a while since I've been s ass y. # sorry not sorry # s ass # hello its me
What else can I do for you? I told you to sling your hook but you didn't take notice of that.
NBD tho...not like 2morrow is Monday and I have work
Sorry I m poor i cant afford to pay attention"
Who's always good at saying the right thing?
Studying for my trig final that is in 6 hours
Our salvation from boredom has evolved from spilling real blood in the arena to spilling pixelated blood in Mortal Kombat # progress
Don't you just love when a conversation ends like that??
In terms of procrastination, it has been a very successful day # funny
Great way to end the weekend: ripping my big toenail off... # o u c h
It's crazy how many socks you find once you go through the clean clothes pile in your room.
Wow I hate being right  i love being right
Mighty close to completing my third wall for thy house,getting mine hands dirty with the mixture, having tons of fun. # wood fortress
Sad: people don't realize the "outrage" over # Star bucks polar bear cookies was in jest? Can't people grasp anymore?
Whooooof. I am batting a thousand today.
Yep more J.J. Commercials because nbc hardly shows him in game.
Man! I wonder what's going to happen on #RAW tomorrow night? #WWETLC
Never saw that ending coming. #WWETLC
Hooray! More Sheamus as champion. I'm so excited.  #WWETLC
The League of Nations interferes I'M SO SHOCKED!!! I NEVER SAW THAT COMING AT ALL!!!!  #WWETLC
Someone is really sleepy and cold!! Who said vacation was easy??? # suffering # get t h epic !!
Experiencing an outage. # oak l and # California # com cast #thanks com cast
Oh finals how I have missed you # please note
I'm so happy that my hardest finals are on separate days so I can stress out all week! # finals # stress
Can we challenge that? Wasn't actually fumbled.  #Texansvs Pats
Just what I want for my birthday, a Shaemus/Reigns title match. #WWETLC
It's funny how sex oriented the zodiac is, you'd think it was western
I think Charlotte could actually call her spots just a little louder  #WWETLC #Divas Title
"Get your cigarette smoke all over this nice old lady's hair and in her eyes. Go ahead. Do it!" # us a
nothing quite like charlotte and paige to get this ppv on track
I have decided to not return to work. I am going to live off the government or be homeless. # lazy # cant make me go
Just had to use the jaws of life to free Jacob William's frozen ass from the hood of my car. Kids do the darnedest things
If it wasn't for my snapchat friends I wouldn't know it was snowing
Erik Rowan first out...didn't see that coming
I was destined for great glory, but the system conspired against me! Sab mille hue hai jeee! #A A Ptards # L o s e r s
So Tommy Dreamer wears the dits to honor Dusty Rhodes who hated being associated with polka dots... Makes sense  #WWETLC
Tommy Dreamer as charismatic as ever  #TLC
# w w e t l c 2nd piss break over. SURPRISED Del Rio won /
When design clients suggest meeting a day early: sure :) no :) problem :) I :) totally :) have :) everything :) ready :)
Cam breaks the rules by giving footballs to the kids in the stands. What a bad role model.
On the drive to Canberra, I saw those god awful wind farms. Tony and Joe were right to favour good-for-humanity coal. # a us p ol
Butler getting beat. Wow, never seen that before
OK, so now I'm smashing my dishes. Brilliant!
I wonder if not having Gronk vs the Eagles hurt the patriots?
Well this match is gonna steal the show  #WWETLC
Because Sin Cara & Ladders have cooperated so well in the past. #Ladder Match #WWETLC
A WHOLE 3 DAYS?! these ladies need to slow down  #RHOA
Can't wait for more # She am us 515 references tonight #WWETLC #WWE
I'm blaming the non-snow season for this teams record. # Bills # penalties # line backers # injuries #O Line
Patrick Kane is really shaken up over those rape allegations.
I'm so glad they interupted this Sasha/Becky match for all these Network commercials.  #WWETLC
That's it I'm a jags fan....
Great work so far by the commentary screw  #WWETLC
I light a scented candle when making sprite comics, so I don't get distracted with the SMELL OF VAGINA that permeates my office.
But wait...this wasn't a play calling issue. #Packersvs Cowboys  #Go Pack Go #Hey Yo Mikey
The dark bags underneath my eyes are a fashion statement, I promise # cant sleep wont sleep
Best 4-9 team in the NFL. The Dallas Cowboys.
Man he looks fat and slow
Glad to see the Broncos have great hands
Christmas: The celebration of the birth of Santa Claus, not Jesus Christ
I honestly love it when people subtweet their shit talk from a fake account. XD
shit day at work and now I gotta study for finals. really motivated
Kobu Jutsu Tanya has got to lose b1. That button is ridiculous. One button winning games? Yep, that's absolutely fair! #MKX #NEC16
Mike McCarthy calling plays really the answer -  - same ole going away from what works like always - where Clements learned it from
Clearly McManus wants a QB change as this is the 3rd time he's missed with # Broncos Osweiler as QB.
Man that Keo guy is great in coverage # bronc os
actually used my textbooks this semester, not a waste of money  #
yes I am emotionally stable right now, don't worry
Glad I have a bf that texts me back.
Dez continues to be the best receiver in the league
Greg hardy.. the Walter Payton man of the year...  #Shouldnt Be In The N F L
Man Reggie Mckenzie has done such a bad job. Trent Baalke on the other hand has been lights out.  #Im Talking To You
I'm officially # Broke n .... I'm pretty sure I'm held together by # Sell o tape and !!!
I blame Tebow, oh wait  #O A Kvs D E N
A tactically dirty Tony P u l is team?...never # P u l is # k lop p
pol gov is the best subject ever
Running game has been working all day...gotta keep doing it.
Boy these AFC wildcard weekend matchups look GREAT!
I met some really super likable people today, sadly none of them were Clinton supporters.  LOL
The best time to shop for gifts is 12 days before Christmas at an Austin mall. Not a soul in the building. # P r o c r as tin at or
Stuck in the parking lot at the gym due to car accident thank you mount olive PD for having a plan.
My favorite squishies are the squishies that thing they're tanks. # heroes of the storm
Oh my goodness I'm so shocked! #X Factor Final
Peyton Manning could have run that play!
Cardinals came so close to getting those Falcons, Ravens wins they wanted.
Chezza Cole has some pythons on her
Good thing Dan Quinn has personnel control
Looks like we're gonna have an offensive showdown at Lambeau today....
What a dumb call. Thank god McCarthy is calling the plays  #D A Lvs G B
Isn't the new Star Wars movie coming out this week? B/c I've seen zero advertisements for it.... # ad overload
Braden, as he flips to the Cowboys game: "yayy, Joe Buck!"
Dez is the definition of clutch.
Wow! A Cowboys QB throws a INT. Totally didn't see that one coming.  #D A Lat G B #NFL
Fair play - when playing the highlight reels side by side - it really is anyone's to win #X Factor
95% of Muslims around the world specially ISIS wants Obama to run a third term
Glad I picked my day off feel like shit. Not like I had things I need or want to do anyway
I was watching women's pool today. I couldn't help laughing every time they said RACK. # childish
Thank you life, for not teaching me how to deal with my problems.
Wow, what a performance. Send the entire # Bills O-Line to Hawaii! #SMH # Bills VsEagles #NFL
Worst undefeated team of all time # panthers
I wonder what Reggie and bollies song was called? #X Factor Final #X Factor
Another perfect example of an #X Factor winner's single being beautifully tailored to both finalists ...
Nice 3 & out. 14 second drive. Awesome # eagles
Now how could the ref call that? It was a clean kick to the face mask! # movie quotes #mostundisciplinedteamever
Glad to see the bills got the penalties under control this game  #B U Fvs P H I
Thank you family for always being so good to me
I love finding out news that I don't want to hear
Imaigne that.. Announcers who are against the # Eagles .. I'm soo shocked. #Go Birds #B U Fvs P H I #Bit Me C B S
Gotta love the arrogance of a guy on a 2-10 team beating a 4-8 team... # john n y gonna john n y
wow. a high note. give her a record contract. # lo u is a # x factor #Reggie N Bollie To Win # r egg i e and b ol lie
Doug Baldwin is so pedestrian.... LOLZ
Rita Ora such a classy lassy
Hey, can anyone tell me when the new Star Wars movie comes out?
Down by 16 with 10 minutes to go and you kick a field goal. That's going to win you the game
Dang. Matt Ryan never throws interceptions. #First Time For Everything
#This Is Not The End Of One Direction Thank goodness. I wasn't going to sleep tonight if it was
started the right qb leagues I have the most in (Wilson) but not one Seattle receiver. I'm such a fantasy genius  #DFS
Yeah taking Ebron over Aaron Donald was a GREAT decision. # life of a lions fan
Nothing like being bitten by a spider
Why even bother blocking??? Too much effort.
Hopefully Prince gets 37min today and Shabazz gets 4min. That would be just awesome and super efficient.  #Go Wolves
Thank you, universe. Bait mo talaga forever.
Why people doesn't behave and act as I want them too, is it to much to ask? # I hate people
Week side shotgun toss. Good call. Not. Not a good call.
No matter how much you push the envelope, it'll still be stationery # pun n y # funny
No catches for Allen Robinson or Mike Evans has really helped me in fantasy playoffs so far.
Oh you Dirty Steelers... End up hurting yourselves. #Sound Good Cincy Fans ?
That's why I love this # B r owns regime! SO disciplined! # Robertson #Flagged For Yelling At Ref Idiots!
And now Olsen is injured! The injury bug is taking a HUGE chomp out of my FF team! #My Good Luck Continues
Harris County just gave me an early Christmas present! Jury duty right after the new year!!
I'm so glad Dorsett is having a great rookie season to justify not taking an offensive lineman
Yeah. QB OF the future Gabbert really pouring it on.... # give me a break
Is Cam celebrating again? Smh.... #The Children
they all bareley gave out 10s this series. Gee i wonder why # s c d
Right now # j e d y or k must be happy with less than 50 yards of total offense #49 e r s . Great job own e r s hip!
Well i was going to do my running around after the # Titans game but apparently it hasn't started yet
Really happy # Bears gave up on washed up Brandon Marshall this year, esp for such a high pick
The superpowers are always right :D
Panthers have not scored in this quarter. Clearly the worst 12-0 team ever.
Let's just settle everything to come home and bring it up ALL AGAIN. # successful relation ship
It's a great day to be a # Falcon #A T Lvs C A R #Cant Stand Cam Newton
In english the word 'is' is quite common, might it be sneaky propaganda from the Islamic State? OMG I think so! # conspiracy theory
Nice tackling that entire drive guys...
In typical #Rex Ryan # Bills fashion, Buffalo is once again using their Time Outs effective so far in 1st Half against # Eagles !
"Sarcastic people tend to be marshmallows underneath the armor." - Stephen King   Please RT
You know what goes together really well? Period cramps and a four hour long train ride!!
Welp I'm heading out to be around a bunch of people… greaaaat. # around people # what fun # wish i had some pizza
I wish # d is ne y would advertise and market this new Star Wars movie a little more. I've barely heard anything about it # no
Let's all hope the # Ben gals season isn't unravelling right in front of our eyes. That would be terrible. ?
Because ya know I'm just illegally printing pictures of my own face... # its my face #illbebackwiththepieceofpaperthatsays Icanprint
No call on the Bengals for grabbing Brown after the play? Great job, refs. # home cook in # g o s t e e l e r s
Johnny! What are you doing? Running around and makin plays? STAY IN THE POCKET!!!
Mike Pettine better tell Johnny to knock that scrambling crap off
Man those vape smoke clouds are cool. Especially in restaurants around children. Awesome.
"THATS WHY WE DONT THROW DEEP!!!" # chiefs
So good to see da # Bears D off to a great start today.
Nice to see that the Referees love the bengals!
Just realized I won't be running into the crazies at my family's church while home daaaaarn.  lol
Matt Tobin got blown up?!?! NOOOOOOOO
great call on 3rd and 2 by Buff
so glad I'm sick and we play battlefield tomorrow! # kill me
Watkins is a major bust. # Bills
Didn't realise that if you're in the bottom 3 in December.Then you automatically get relegated!!!! # n c f c
Nice help by Ed Reynolds # Eagles
Walking around in shorts and a tshirt! Yay! # December
Looks like the Bears defense came to play today.
Wow Rex is challenging this? #B U Fvs P H I
Back from disney, WOO!! Brought back a box for your heart to go in, DOUBLE WOO!! # maybe not
Children have discovered #You Tube channel of talking cat. Had to explain 15 new "adult words." Best mom ever.
Most relevant #Milwaukee Bucks will be all year. Congrats on a win in Dec. Things are clearly looking up  #Warriors Streak #NBA
Thank you, Rodgers, for giving us the World Class striker that is Benteke. But thank God for # K lop p . #LFC #YNWA
"What could you possibly be doing with 2500/mo that's more important than your mortgage?" # t sl # lawyer # humor # face palm # real talk
receiving msg on elfster "bought some shit bitch" # holiday spirit
Only a half an hour until I’m bombarded by those fucking FanDuel/DraftKings commercials. Simply can’t wait to see them 5,000 times.
Well I did not see that coming 1-1.
I'm SO excited to start my morning off with an argument tomorrow!
Having the best evening ever with physics and French.  #Get Me Out Of Here #Calling For Help
Just been pissed on by a sleeping child. Makes a change from being shat on at the office! Oh look, it's Monday tomorrow...what joy!
Hey, I have a GREAT idea...let's stand and chat in the doorway # not
When you hate your friend because he/she looks better than you but you give them a compliment.
Once more LeSean McCoy shows what class act he is...
A Pulis team scoring from a corner, never seen that before.  #LFC
Why doesn't the gov't drop the BS and say cops all have powers like Judge Dredd? At least we would all know where we stood.
What a wanker Benteke is.. Fancy him not being taller !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I should teach a class on Twitter in critical thinking. Not a whole hell of a lot of that going on here.
Thank you Globe Tattoo for the awesomest internet connection ever.
Nothing like a little friend request from your ex to start your day off right......
Our favorite thing in the world is Middle Aged white men talking about discrimination. # n e r d l and
Nothing I like more then cleaning a bathroom at 15:54 on a Sunday. Not! # w h e r e s my maid
Someone is friend with someone else for some years! Virtual Reality #Virtual Reality # exit in g
Where's the dude that shouted, "You lie", during #State Of Union Address? #So Needed YK (of course, . Yes to # message . No to # mode .)
I'm already tired of hearing two of you talking...this just might be a good day
When you go from being everything to next to nothing. magical  hi Twitter
Back in malvern and having nothing to do is great
Amazing how scientists who "invented" global warming also rigged a 71-degree weather in DC day after # climate change pact signed.
No cable, great let's watch telenovelas and the Mexican version of the today show all day!
Cold weather plus cold treatment by your mum # living life
When someone calls you ugly, tell them you were trying to look like them ;) # don t bother # fire back # good come backs
I do like an ironic cheer from the crowd
Thanks Disney Infinity advert for The Force Awakens spoilers. # m u c h a p p r e c i a t e d # lets build a death star
Yeah, I can see where you're coming from and now everything can be understandable!
Did the ref take his time to reward the pen, I still haven't noticed
Mirrors can’t talk, lucky for you they can’t laugh either
It's funny that (it is sad that following the rules in some countries considered stupidity!)
What a lovely weekend this is turning out to be.
Man I just love watching the same ad for the google app play before every other youtube video.  #Not Downlowding The App
Rehearsing with a hangover ... All the fun in the world. Still, time to pick up and rock this # actors life # rehearsal # hangover
Luke Walton just wrecked a franchise.
I knew the # W a r r i o r s were OVERRATED!! just in case it is missed.....
Temperature change: from 8 -> 30 # ya y
Trying to figure out how to wrap all this exposure I've earned this year from clients. Should make a good present I'm sure. # pay me
4am wake up call tomorrow.....can't wait!
What a fight!! Aldo vs McGregor!! ! #13 s e c s . #UFC194
It's 5 in the morning and I still haven't slept yet...gonna die tomorrow.....well later today woot # o mg # help me
Haven't slept good the last two days because my back has been hurting.. But that's okay because I was good at powerlifting at 16.
When did quotation become a manner of ?
Welp ulcers are back. This is fucking awesome
Thanks YouTube for reminding me that The Force Awakens is coming out Friday! I know I hadn't been reminded in the past hour
Just saw, surprise surprise the # Alabama running back wins the # he is man . We all know the media won't hand the great # s e c anything.
on the scanner: cop is frustrated that the GPS coordinates for a 911 hang up call were so far off. "They were spot on..."
At least I'll have one good grade this semester! haha!
I will bring the media with me next time I pray at the Kotel. This way every will know how holy I am. .
I love when other girls invite themselves to sleep in my girlfriends bed # leave
Shout out to former NC State AD Lee Fowler for giving his time in advising ECU in their football coaching hire # job well done #ECU
I know I like to take evening showers. But hell do I even love late showers. #1 am #Why Am I Still Awake # help
Lots of prospects here at Cahoots in Lebanon.
McGregor's great and all, but who has he really beaten? #UFC194
can you poke your butt out just a tad bit more? I don't think you're trying hard enough lol
Great way to end my birthday
The #S J Sharks sure are treating the greatest fans in the league to some great hockey.  4-9 at the Tank.
#Dear Customer thanks for hiding my tip so I thought you stiffed me. That's always a fun game... # serve r problems
There is no way I'd rather spend a Saturday than cleaning out our flooded basement
Oh hey. The Government knows now. So now it surely will get fixed. # Pa r as y t e
Well Aldo takes defeat graciously... # u f c 194
I am so glad I stayed up to watch UFC 194 to watch 10 seconds of fighting before a knockout.  #Waste Of Time
It just gets so much better... #UFC194
Thanks for waiting mom and dad you guys are amazing at waiting for me after I got done watching Ant-man. DFtM. # Marv e l #Ant Man
Does Hrudey work for the Flames, I can't tell.
Thanks Best Buy, for selling me a hard drive that needs a missing part. And thank you Toshiba, for not including said part.
I love being taller than the bathroom stall doors and having awkward eye contact with people # hate being tall
I love being lied to straight to my face
Wow break has been a blast so far # no life
Well I am in just the best mood ever tonight
There needs to be a shrug emoji... like "I don't know what you're talking about  "
Damn, the Warriors lost?? What's their record now.. 24-1?? Damn this one loss is gonna hurt them so much.
I love how supportive and nice my parents are
The class shown by Alabama fans is quite remarkable
Tfw you're dad's an asshole and you cry haha # re la table # send help
Is my instagram photo not double tappable ? Lol
Little Rock blowing out DePaul in front of a few hundred fans. The new arena can't come soon enough.
People wont stop being judgemental but i aint gonna bother cauz i judge myself and live my own life i aint need nobody's opinion..
I love when I call, text, or snap & get NO reply back...
The Warriors just went from a projected 82 wins to projected 79 wins. Season is a loss now, no reason to care any more.
2 parties 1 night.. Yeah i love that..
Since today: # R o c k e t s 1-0 # W a r r i o r s 0-1 WHO SUCKS NOW?!?!
Oh, yes his 100 pound petite wife coming at him with sissors must have been terrifying! #48 hours
I can't wait to hear all the comments
Pssshht see the Warriors aren't even that good......
The Warriors are such failures at 25-1
When all else fails just stay home :-)
i really love when ppl keep telling me of things i'm already aware of but dont have the time to address yet.
I'm shocked Henry won the Heisman  Feel bad for McCaffrey. Guy broke NCAA records, not conference records.
UNC lost to another unranked opponent... # shocker
My glass stays half empty even after I ask for a refill. # truth # not really
Can't believe McCaffrey lost! But you can't escape how awesome the SEC is...uh...  #Back The Pac
Going to be a fun night
Omergerg?!? A white person can't win the Heisman...  Henry should of gotten all the first place votes.
It's a beautiful cloudy and foggy night for a meteor shower!!
People can be so friendly sometimes.
It's nice to have a Heisman trophy winner have a dad show up
Girls have a bigger brain than boys but use it 4 stalking, nails color, devil plans, jealousy, talking 4 hours while we make money
The check out clerk at Kroger wished us Merry Christmas today, somebody call the ACLU
Dear #HNIC thanks so much for Healy, Johnson and Romaniuk. I'm learning to love the game without volume.  #Sharp Object In Ear
This Saturday night is too lit!
Kolton Houston was just honored at this, his fourth, Senior Gala... #UGA
Nothing is better then going to a holiday party and not knowing anyone
So the Lakers sign Rondo and Dwight in the summer, am I right?
Just to clarify: it's ok for you to dislike a ship, but not ok for anyone else. Ok, I think I get it now. # eye roll
Erik Karlsson is having a beauty of a game.
Huge upset in College Hoops. Great finish at the buzzer. North Carolina falls. A # Tar heels team thats weak on the glass? Shocking.
OMFG! This #Climate Change Started soon after we started drilling 4 # f o s s i l fuel & thanks to #Paris Agreement #COP21 it will soon stop.
Grandparents trying to Skype with a three year old is awesome # sky p e fails
I love people with two faces :D
The joy of knowing that there is nothing to do at your house is great. # l i f e s u c k s
Chronic name callers may easily graduate to road rage. Can we all be thankful for Trump chauffeurs? # trump
People vilifying me. How creative and refreshing and new.  #EFV
Wow, I am a barrel a laugh recently amn't I?  #I Know Its Hard To Tell
Fancy whyte in this one..... # or stupidity
are we retuning to the 19th century?! do I need to strap a 6-shooter to my side and practice my quick draw?! # gun sense
It's always great to see variety in the CoD community, I mean you almost never see anyone using Awareness & Dead Silence  #O Pas Fuck
Rasmus 100% not holding a grudge on Saga. #The Bridge
"If 10 random people don't know who he is, he's not a celebrity ." # t sl # law yer # law # fame # celebrity # real talk
When your lab practical is nothing like the study guide handed out # finals are going great # bi o major problems
Nice of Rod to pop back on for a bit #X Factor Final
Welcome back!!! 11111oneone (  for those pso2 screenshots?
RT ItsAChadling: A bunch of idiots # protest at # Richardson mosque near my home. Yeah, that's the real face of courage
New Year Resolution 1. Fitness: Bench at least half of my weight by the end of the year. # fitness motivation # re solutions
What a man. What a philosophy. # L v g # United
A bunch of idiots # protest at # Richardson mosque near my home. Yeah, that's the real face of courage
Such lovely weather for my daughter's soccer tournament.
Verne and Gary are calling a game that doesn't involve Alabama. Is that legal?  #Roll Tide
This new idea of "passing" in the Army/Navy game is exciting to watch.  #Army Navy Game
$2.5 tip on a $65 check...I don't do this for the money, I'm just glad that I got to be your waiter
Love how the nurses at this hospital say "living the dream" as the sigh cuz of the work they have to do. # somotivating
Nothing better than being 6hrs into your 8hr day and being told you need to work not 2 more hours but 5 more! # f ml
I used think I was smart, now the only answers that I know are sarcastic. # smart ass
My husband is so helpful, he always fills the sink to let me know it's time for me to do the washing up
# b r i t i a n s first came to town today... heard they were greeted with open arms. ... the is real!!!! .. # clowns
At a dinner party for the husband's work He told me I can't read my book.. # fun times # in t r overt # in t r overt personality # antisocial
Looks like its going be another stellar day in sports for me.
I'm so glad the # H u s k e r s didn't even try to get Nick DeLuca, what a scrub.... #Recruiting Face Palm # S t u d #NDSU # B is on
I know, I know it's a gutsy call but I do think they can be better than schotty. I'm standing by it
I'm glad Mac Millers photographer is still texting me
IT'S SATURDAY NIGHT! IT'S 7:15PM! IT'S TWO WEEKS TIL CHRISTMAS! I'M IN BED! # rock n roll # exciting # messy times # rough tomorrow
Nothing like a balmy 75 degree mid-December day to get you in the Christmas spirit.  #Im Dreaming Of At Least A Slightly Chilly Christmas
We're fucking class us absolutely unstoppable
Watching Sony Vegas while its rendering to make sure it doesn't shut down again, is SO much fun. Ugh.
it's an art, and only those that really know me appreciate me as an artist.
Wow. What a great time for MSU to bring back the petroleum engineering major.
Humblenerd speaks in strange tongues. I du nut no whut thus meins?
IPhone battery went from 98% to 5 min later being dead. That's reliability right there.
Woww those slow side passes and back passes from #MUFC when they are a goal down are simply stunning. Amazing philosophy from #LVG
should have put  hashtag in that tweet O_o My fellow fans are angry
A climate deal has been reached. Freedom has died!
Great idea to block the whole city on a Saturday evening for #Santa Run  Well done organizers
I love when people post 6 selfies in a row on Instagram and they all look the same...
Going to go spend more time among my totally non-diverse commie game hating friends at #GX3.
'He's being stoned to death from inside'.. # j os h ma l i ha bad i on maulana Maudoodi being diagnosed a kidney stone.
Not sure Iv seen enough pictures of people at German markets.. Can we see more please? slow
So unexpectedly buying a car 2 weeks before Christmas is about as great as you might imagine. # hold me
Thanks To Trump, my gorgeous view of the Atlantic Ocean is blocked by a Giant Wall.
Beautiful day for a 2 hr drive # l q u i d sunshine
The #Euro2016 Draw now complete. Let's now have 181 days of nonsensical debate analysing untold "ifs" and "maybes"!  - not me!!
Oh i'm sorry he has lots of hustle, my bad all the past nat championship teams won on heart.
Who cares if school never taught us how to raise a family or get a job ... at least I can find the area of a triangle :P
Sure, Mata was gonna score from a high cross from 15 yards out. # m u f c #BOUMUN
I like how phones were big then grew smaller then got bigger again. # d evolution # technology
We need to put a stop to taxing these corporations so the money they're making will trickle down to less fortunate
I blush every time I open a pack because EA is just so good to me.. # h o sed # every time # mad den mobile
Let the joy of working over Christmas begin
What a beautiful day to be in class 9-4! # if you didn t get it
I was just called # g rump y from an extremely perceptive person lol
Nearly getting t-boned pulling into your own driveway is a great way to start Saturday.
That lil bro code thing u do, cute. # b r o code
Readying about modalities is just soooo interesting.
Woke up an hour ago and I'm already having a great day.
Never fear, got an easy 3pts next week #Saints F C
Love how it's 60 degrees in December  #Where'sTheSnow
I've had a great day # is it bedtime yet
Everybody enjoying the blowtorch? Near 70 a few weeks from Christmas just puts me in the holiday spirit let me tell ya. # in w x
You may be a n a r c i s s ist if... You buy studio lights for your self i e s. # n a r c i s s ist # self i e
I love being left alone on the teller line at work
I'm thinking of making a new idea, but I need an original idea. Oh! What about a Minecraft Let's Play or maybe a Pokemon Nuzlock?
My main # goal is to have # clear skin and full # eyebrows and act like I don't know anybody :D
Dumping Morton to save $$$. More profits for Nuttig. So not serious about winning. Rebuilding for sure next year.
Hats off Atletico de Kolkata... only you can play this bad #Hero I S L # di sap pointed
When do 8th graders schedule their official visits to high schools? . # illegal # no character
Stuff like this always happens to me. It's great. I love it.
Well Ipswich are exciting to watch... # i t f c # total football
Yay! This year, the drunken Santas are coming directly to us this morning. Oh, joyous holiday. # s ant a con # w i l l i a m s b u r g # u g h
Shout out to people that have been shacking up & fornicating for years & get engaged because religious people think they are evil.
Oh no!!!! it's 6am and still no sleep still...
Wow, # K esse l isn't working out for the # P e n g u i n s ? What a shocker. #Lockerroom Poison #NHL
# w mat a waited 30 mins for OL train, it malfunctions, and more time to wait... Thanks for making this enjoyable!
The day of a wedding was the perfect time for my eyeliner to die
I love when Maddox wakes up at 7:30
Humor is by far most significant way to fuck someone,again and agian with least loss in energy. # c hut i ya people # Love # Life
..not pathetic at all. YT Rewind this time around.
I just love it when I'm in a really really good mood for no apparent reason but nobody shares the enthusiasm. # A r g h # Buzz kill
World leaders reach a climate change deal. But Republicans say climate change doesn't exist because of you know, snow. So confused!
ahh. there's nothing more refreshing than waking up earlier than your alarm on a saturday morning. # i hate mornings
You told me to bite and I did just that. Your isn't amusing # lesson learned I hope
So excited about taking the ACT!!! # Just kidding
Hawaii bound and fun filled day of travel!
I wish i could take offense to little things much of my free time could have been used # s a him e # i am not offended
Love the way in which Facebook sets videos to autoplay on mobile data and Wi-Fi by default!
Oh the joys of a trip to Swanage!
A Climate Control 'Think Tank' have decided the global warming is happening and it's mostly man-made. Such a revelation!
Why yes. I am up & getting ready to go to work on a Saturday. Further, I'm incredibly excited about it!
big ups to anxiety and depression - you were great company tonight!
What's the solution of all the devastating news we hear everyday? Turn off the TV.?
"I apologize if I sound like I'm rushing you, but you talk a lot and I. In a hurry." # t sl # law yer # humor # law
Love the glowing sea, such a warm hospitable place. Id love to settle down there one day # d a m n s t o r m c l oaks # fallout 4 #SGAMERS
Yesterday I sent my sister a text of the lyrics to "the song that never ends" every break. Pretty sure she loved it # but i loved it
I'm nobody's ex-girlfriend. If we broke up, I don't know you.
A Friday night spent listening to CDs and on the laptop. Aww yeah this is a party....not! # missing the night life # miserable wild child
Bad idea to have drinks last night... Heads pounding & have fun filled weekend of revision cramming
Every year i take a free vacation around the sun. # funny # ad l i # vacation
HEERRRRMAHGEEERD all the fans at the arena were wild fans, thats why NO ONE cheered when we won # Coyotes
This week has just been greattttttt .
No one could have predicted that these politicians would talk without reaching a consensus while on expense account. #C O P21 Paris
Never seen this promo  #T U F Finale #U F C Vegas #UFC194
Did you know that not every second of your life doesn't have to be on snapchat? Who would've known
I'm glad I stayed up for this game. #NYR
Wow, I'm so popular, all I see is my tweets on news feed!
OH MY GOD HALL SUCKS!! TRADE HIM! # Oilers
I loovvveee sitting at home doing nothing on Friday night. # bye
Nah. Barboza - Ferguson...nothing to see here folks... #T U F Finale
This Christmas should just be amazing
This game needs more fouls. #Holiday Tournament
Isn't it great when u encounter a person who has all the answers & knows everything about everything? Yeah.
My day and week was great thanks for asking....
If you didn't post a selfie afterward, did you even workout? Apparently I missed that requirement.  #Hangry Airwrecka #Give Me Food
# The awkward moment when someone takes your seriously. # funny # w i z
With all these people texting me I can't keep up
24-0??? Bought time we do some drug screening on the Warriors!!! Lol
Airlines are banning hover boards entering their planes because some of them are dangerous. That's BIGOTED! # T rump
My self-esteem drops faster than my battery life.
My # heart was removed to make room for all this
How much in bitcoin is Rainbow Six: Siege worth? I hear it lacks content and has microtransactions.
I hope the Celtics win this. Boston fans deserve something good to happen to them for a change.  #NOTASERIOUSTWEET #Come On
The # W i z a r d s have no healthy bigs but Gortat, so, yeah, GO SMALL # Pe l i cans
Nice offensive rebounding by the # C e l t i c s . #G Svs B O S
Overwhelmed by the love for past 5 yrs. Wow.
#Gold Rush Tony & Gene ya'll know if not for Jerry and that other guy, u wouldn't have anything.
I just love hearing the drunken idiots beating up people and causing riots.  #Typical Irish
Cuddyer decided to retire..lol..thanks for all the help  #LGM
I almost fell in love with you. Good thing I'm lazy.
I have already waited 15min for the bus. Sometyms I wonder why I'm so patient. Lol
# P is tons up 29 despite the presence of that bum Baynes. # cant beat em join em m
Good to see the lower bowl is already near capacity
Rajon Rondo suspended for being a headcase? Shocking
I SEE GRETZKY IS TOO COOL TO COME TO EDMONTON NOW.
My husband is snoring loudly. I am thrilled.
I just love coming home to a happy family... # everyone sin a piss y mood
#Muslims Are Terrorists Sure & all pagans have sex with Satan & steal children's souls. That's why we killed them.  #Muslim Lives Matter
Lol what an eventful day at work # t g if
I'm glad GameStop appreciates my patience! I can't wait to talk to a "team specialist"!
Hope #Jeremy Corbyn had a lovely time at the stop the war Xmas party!
Yay makeup work! How could it get any better?! Oh yeah, ACT in the morning..... why?!?!?!? # tired # so much no p e # kill me now
I love this time of year because I get to find out what all the actors in the US "wear" for perfume/cologne. # t o o m a n y c o m m e r c i a l s
I feel compelled to tweet  for that LT
Ugh I go to bed :( have to wake up early to learn about a very 'nice' man.... I LOVE HIM SO MUCH
Breaking a nail in a perfectly-same-length-nails-hand is a nightmare. #biggest_life_issue
Congrats 2 Jason Heyward but #MLB contracts are beyond ridiculous. # c u b s doing something stupid? Shocked # baseball # e s p n # chic ago
Can't wait for the white sox to throw a bunch of money at Daniel Murphy now....
# Coffee # W e e d # Me di cat ion Why the fuck are my emotions all over the place!?
Random thought: Instead of enlarging the goals, maybe the NHL should have a 2-goal arc for long shots.  #Leav It Alone
Making BBQ sauce.. gotta have having to cook from scratch, always.... # f o d map
Attitude mashallah Very good Very nice I am sure she is nice to talk to
More proof that while women want equality they choose to divide the sexes. #Women In Music What an achievement in 2015
Wonder if local newspaper will give bigger headline to hiring of Schiano than it did to starting DL's solicitation charge.
USPS just killin' it regarding my missing package.
pity I have to work, I was so looking forward to hearing Hillary speak while she's in Tulsa...
Just saw this motivational quote: "broken crayons still color." Can't handle how deep that is.
Didn't realize it was possible to win the World Series in December... That strategy has always worked for teams in the past ;)
It's nice to see the James Bond franchise isn't going to bullied by all this radical feminism and gender equality stuff. # S p e c t re
Someone tried to hack into my Instagram account. Because you know that's where I keep all the good stuff.
You liberals really outdid yourself with the Donald Trump/Hitler comparisons. Very very intelligent comparison.
Seems like a pretty quiet day in Colorado.
# Hans on #TOTP2 #BBC4 The best song lyrics EVER?? # R u b b is h
No really, please make your argument with pseudoscience & NOT proven scientific facts. That's one of my favorite things in life.
That girl is pretty, charming, and smart. But she died half way through. BEST MOVIE EVEEERRR....
why even play the season..? # Cubs bought a winner..!! #1908
Everybody freak out!!!! It's rain ing in LA!!!!! # rain # la # need more
I love being shamed/scolded/mocked by my own fanbase.  We all handle things differently. Shouldn’t have to be looked down on.
sub 1k avg mmr RBG, 2 kickbotters on the other team (no idea how many on mine). really glad blizzard cares about its pvp community
There is something calming about scheduling an event in June of 2017. #So Far #Not Really  #So Old
So tired of corporate guys coming in telling me how much I'm "crushing it"
Fighting with a three year old is so freaking fun!
Kathy should get mother of the year. Hahaha #Dead Beat Mum. # E a s t e n d e r s
I just *love* being treated like a child.
I'm fluent in and # movie quotes . #True Story
When do the waiver moves get announced? 330 pm or 430 PM. Baseball so boring today. # hay ward
Had a lovely experience at the hospital today. Absolutely delightful
Well, I guess if you want to model a championship organization, just buy all their players. # class y
A&P revision on a Friday night. Yay!
I'm sorry..I didn't realise that you're an expert on my life and how I should live it!!Please continue while I take notes.. # S ill y
Asked a cab driver for a boost. He said 20 bucks. The generosity in this city is amazing.......
Glad to see the Phillies are out there making moves and trying to compete...
"If you think this Universe is bad, you should see some of the others." PKD. # actors life # humor # universe # optimism # wit ;)
"He's got 48 slides, 3 of them are dedicated to convincing you he's a 'real doctor.'," # t sl # lawyer # funny # humor
Who knew Heyward not shaking hands of any of the Cards' Hall of Famers on Opening Day was ironic foreshadowing of what's to come
I think this American Authors band should take itself more seriously.
Well done # marks and s p e n c e r for your great # disabled access as usual .. - trying to get round M&S Chesterfield-not possible.
What's the point of having a devotion if no one knows about it?
Dear everyone who thinks the size of your bag doesn't matter, thanks for delaying our flight having to shuffle your luggage.
Rather then making it seem like a below avg league, the NBA Dleague should change its name to the no prospect left behind league.
Ok cool it's like 80 degrees in the middle of December, only 2 weeks away from Christmas. Loving it! #YEARIGHT  #THISISDEPRESSING
Finals week sees my style at its best- sweatpants! # finals got me like
Yea, let's talk about drinking cause we're cool!
Depression is a way to get ice cream.. yum~~ # ice cream # quote # depression not
Oooooh now a torture scene, what a great and unique movie this is!! # taken 3
One day I hope to be referred to as a "Babe-Boss." Because that's not insulting (or sexist) at all.
Holy Shit!!!! You're political posts/rant on fb have totally changed my mind on my political views and/or who I'm going to vote for
Who knew a ring I got 10 years ago (and lost) would be so hard to find exactly like it
Could I BE using anymore emojis?? # Friends #Chandler Bing fordays
It's certain tht somebody was driving tge car on 28Sept thn somebody shd b punished too! #Salman Verdict Bt where is the convict!?
So ... I get to spend the next gazillion hours getting a new military ID so I can finish my vaccinations. Good times. # t to t
Apocalypse is the villian?!! OK they are showing to much in this trailer #X Men Apocalypse
What was Bergdahl wearing? Why did he leave friends? Was he drinking? He was pretty much asking to be taken by the Taliban # Serial
Two popped tyres in a week.... Just fabulous
$BABA down 4% following South China Morning Post buy. But wait. Does this mean that $YHOO is now on an old media company too?
Every customer that comes into the dmv is a pure delight.
You can't find the love if you be # cold # h e a r t e d # Revolution # Friday
Woke an hour earlier than planned, left home an hour later than planned. Off to a great start...
DON'T WORRY GUYS APPARENTLY I'VE BEEN IMAGINING ALL MY INTERNAL PAINS AND STUFF, THERE'S NOTHING WRONG WITH ME.
I've basically spent 4 hours ironing today. Day off, brilliant.
When you wake up to find your car’s been stolen, you just know it’s going to be an excellent day….
Obviously it's his kids hand hence why I made a joke!!  it's not funny if you have to explain it!!
Everything should be done by Government. I will not do anything, even my duty as a Citizen.
I held the door open for a guy and his penis didn't fall out, how weird. # fuck gender roles
It's not confusion, it's "complicated"... geez, these guys don't get it.
ANTi is coming soon Rihanna said and we all know when Rih says soon she means real soon.
In the spirit of Dow and DuPont, I think $MCD and $YUM should merge and call new company McDonald'sYum!Brands  $DD $DOW
Aint this some bullshit!? Cant talk to two people i know, now! Just wonderful!  #This Is Ridiculous
Thank you #Dannel Malloy, for taking away people's constitutional rights without due process! You are a genius!
Damn, you guys are so bagay!
I just love it when people are so disorganised
The people of # Hastings are getting as excited as the police #High Drama #Slow News Day #Suicide Bummer # Bomb 'scare'.
Supreme Court Justice Scalia says." Why expose white players to the NBA, shouldn't they play in a league that is less demanding?"
Jerusalem billboards everywhere on behalf of # national geographic thanks #Rupert Murdoch # look closer # your hero is dead
Got a performance tonight and I lost my voice! #Perfect Day
Eat pizza 5 times a day it's healthy. # body building # fitness # pizza # weight lifting #Strong Looks Better Naked # gym # eat clean
My 2 favorite teams in the PBA are playing against each other tonight
Crocodile track is epic! Seriously from where do u cv guys get such stupendous ideas? It's totally fabulous!!! # r i p y h m
So that's what the women think. Classy...
So you want your grandson to have a different math teacher ... Love how my job makes me feel
Charles Darwin, you're a true romantic!
Going to the hair dressers today and I'll probably spend 4 hours there yay # much
I love when my tastebuds wake me up at 3 AM and keep me awake with an unfulfilled craving for Orange Juice. # wt h # i n e e d s o m e o j s tat
Public transportation adventures take 46336. I love this town!
One thing I ask you Twitter. Who is Donald Grump? :D
So many basic bitches in white ferrari's here.. God, get some originality... # i m really crying about it
Merry Christmas. We're back in the same place we were this time last year. The emergency room yay
Faith in Indian judiciary restored !!  #Incredible India #Salman Verdict
When the plate gets hotter than the food>>>>>>
No likes god my followers are so loyal lol
Got soaked by the rain on my way to work, what a way to start the day!
Mr.Modi can go to France, USA, Singapore etc but when it comes to Pakistan, he sends Sushma Swaraj .. male dominated India
Random injuries are so much fun! I'm talking to you weird sore on the side of my tongue. It's such a joy trying to eat and swallow
People who listen to sarcastic remarks enjoy a 45% increase in creativity and innovation.
And this stupid iPhone update deleted half my music. Haha. I'm done. # great night
Homework on top of studying for finals....I freaking LOVE you too teachers you all are the best and deserve good things in life
My life is filled with depression and sadness. #I Really Love My Life
This RA group message right now #Were Always Selfie Ready
This just tops off my best week ever!
Well this was an amazing night....
Fruads huh?? Okay winning 10 games for the third straight season. Yeah maybe you're right. # don t make me laugh
So after my TL i can't say how that ep whent.
Oh I just love getting yelled at by old white men who don't get their way.
Yes, please keep hitting Austin up when he is obviously with me # sub t we et
Me: wow I wish we had boyfriends as amazing like that Sierra: I can take a shit, that's close enough
I feel a connection with someone if they love animal s, swear like a sailor and are sarcastic. # pot t y mouth # animal # resting bitch face
Knicks still doing Knicks nonsense. 1st qtr, same amount of FGs as turnovers. Great formula for success Fisher.  PG next year please
"Watching" the # Vikings via Twitter. Thanks #NFL for the brilliant idea that is #Thursday Night Football.
Itunes updated by itself and deleted all my music. Thanks Apple!
Teddy to Mike Wallace, that never gets old. # s k ol go Vikes!
The fact that I have whip lash and a little concussion made my day great!
We want Ponder # right ? # or is it # Vikings #TNF
Joe Johnson cashing checks still on that $125mil contract. 7pts in 33 minutes. Man, talk about a Max player. .
Now talking about the challenge to a successful urban transformation of greater Kuala Lumpur.. Ayeyeye loads of
Yes that last tweet was .
I love being neglected out of family plans because I am gay.
Governments be like "we r creating new age policy 4 helping startups then put 60 year old psu ex boss to draft it. # en t re p re ne u r
Worst thing in the world is to have someone who loves you,more than u could ever imagine.Really,Sweetie,why would u ever want that?
Square 1... Anyone else as familiar with square 1 as I am? # rhetoric al # life
Hackers setting up Calvinists, but preaching Gospel Truth in the process. # Iron y
Know what I love about Star Wars Battlefront? That the maps & weapons have nothing to do w/ any of the previous movies.
Better seal up that Canadian border, some Syrian refugees are arriving tonight!
Shocking that WWE has done no promotion of all the classic footage they put up.
Johansen has 2 assists tonight. #Trade Him  #CBJ
Hester is Red Devil. Wow I didn't see that one coming.
Uthoff scores 30 in the 1st half but then we don't get him the ball in the 2nd..makes a lot of sense to me
Wow. #Darren Helm is an exciting interview.
And of course, the /amazing/ ( ) Huni goes full try hard and pulls that off even though the game was extremely interesting as is :c
Ohh no, the toxic leader of #Support Small Channels blocked me on Twitter for calling him out... I'm so sad now...
It's proven fact that the louder you yell at your kids during sports the higher self-esteem and confidence they will have.
Remember when scripted plays were all the rage? Cant get why it fell out of favour?
I don't know about you.. but I'm so fine with this...! # C y n i c i s m #LOL
If there is anything I enjoy more in life it is definitely WAITING. Wrestling practice- 8 min late Cub Scouts- 20+ min & counting
Yeah, the more I think about it, the more I think there's no way getting AD would've been a good deal for Dallas. # laying it on thick
#NFL Refs blow another call. Shocking.
2 play in and defense hasn't given up a TD yet. Think we'll be alright #M I Nvs A R Z
I'm rewatching #Buffy The Vampire Slayer and oh my god, do I need a # trigger : they have a bully! # trigger warning
I can't wait for finals week, especially the stress i'm gonna feel & how i'm gonna be sleepless trying to study to pass my classes.
I lowkey love doing poster project the night before its due
If Santa was real he would have died years ago from diabetes, no one can eat that much sugar - my 10 yr old # s ant a # children
THIS IS AMERICA, SPEAK ENGLISH! # Vikings
What a PP, great puck possession!
IamAnshulSethi: Dear aamir_khan and iamsrk , A small example of how tolerant we are #Salman Verdict  #Incredible India
So disrespectful # win n i peg , get it together...
This day just keeps getting better and better… # not
Mark Dantonio looks like he'd be a real hoot to talk to.
My cabbie is an authority on weather & the fallacy of global warming. # blessed
Soo next week TNF game is going to be ketchup vs mustard ... greattttt
Hey, Internet.. Has # Put in and his muscley arms solved all of #Syria's problems yet?... No? Aw, well let me know when he wins, ok.
When your  is so strong, even you don't know what's real anymore..
Having friends will make you more # creative . is considered a brain stimulant. You’re Welcome.
So I just saw a commercial for a new movie called The Star Wars. I'm glad they played it or I may have never heard of it.
Ooooo.....Oooooo, let's all get ready for the magic show at Hilton tonight! I just love magic!
# Delta rocks! Got on plane w lavatory problems. No fix so deplain & now on 2 nother one! Yay!
So the Sportsman's Club at Western is getting $3000 to use for hunting trips, and I'm graduating next week #Perfect Timing
Things are really heating up on the fireplace channel
Shout out to the Citadel students thinking klan gear and Christmas carols go together.. way to celebrate Jesus guys.
Surprised no teams jumped at Jeff Locke during the meetings.. # pirates
Life's too short, so be sure to read as many articles about celebrity breakups as possible.
*chatting with my friend friend: are you angry? me: NO! I'M NOT, I'M ACTUALLY LAUGHING...
"'It is critical to your case that I be allowed to say 'I told you so.' It's required under law ." # t sl # law yer # funny # humor # law
what's whatsapp?  . . thankful for not having a smartphone anymore though lol
today was such a great day :)
As a little boy, I was always warned about the tornadoes in the Pacific Northwest! # climate change can't be real!
Here's a great idea guys. I'm going to have two versions of a response. That won't sound like a contradiction or something ;)
Was great to see somebody on long term sick leave, was well enough to make it to the staff Xmas party. # faker
So that one Mailbox app is shutting down, apparently. I sure am gonna miss everyone's screen shots of their empty mailboxes!
Butterfinger and braces makes a lovely combination.
Drinking herbal tea and listening to Lou Reed in bed! WOW HADDEN CALM DOWN ITS ONLY A THURSDAY YOU CRAZY ANIMAL!!
I love bi-erasure in fics. Love love looooove it. # p o o r b r i t t e r s
Considering today's world view, it's surprising the Nation of Islam didn't destroy the US. I mean BLACK MUSLIMS? Insanity.
Ppl love promoting their beats for free
Trying to trim down the best Orange Bowl moments is hard. OU played in this game a LOT it seems over the years.
8:30am multiple blood tests & xray is gonna be a fabulous start to the day tomorrow.
I swear the best thing in the world is being ignored.
# d o d g e r s signed iwakuma and utley. that should be enough to ofsset losing greinke and losing [out on chapman].
Headache & stiff knees - man, do I love quick weather changes. # w e a t h e r s u c k s
It's pretty great that Hilary Clinton was on Walmart's Board of Directors between 1985-1992.
I'm still waiting to hear from the Electromagnetic Pulse Caucus on this. Media, do your job!
I didn't know it was that fucking hard to flush a toilet # lazy asses
Congrats to the Senate for passing a five-day spending bill. # t hats the way you do it
Eve r yone like my emoji man, was so ha r d to make! # r and o m
Thoughts on going through the comments on my last bumpdate: "You're so big" - ah, the words every pregnant woman loves to hear
My boss just found a bed bug on her! LOL! #Let Me Go Home Please # Please
Totally glad we're still friends and we talk all the time..
Sometimes I forget that some people don't get . That contributes 90% to my overall awkward situations. # awkward # true story
Oh it's raining again. That's new # seat t le life
Don't worry.Salman will be convicted in Black buck case.They are endangered species.Humans are abundant here.  #Salman Verdict
Gotta love when you're ex is relentless...
Yes! Cancel the meeting that I have been preparing for all day
11 hr work days + possible sinus infection + 8 months pregnant + no meds approved for being preggo = A good time!
I suspect once the Rockies trade all of their notable players fans will be rewarded with lower ticket prices
Yay, Elizabeth gets to be the reason Jake’s life is blown to bits, too.  #GH
So happy my "what happens if you put a broken candy cane in a dishwasher" question has finally been answered. # toddlers
The old Blown fuse Christmas lights routine, How do the writers think them up #East Enders
Having sarcastic friends will make you more # creative . is considered a brain stimulant. #Psychology Facts
i think we need bitton to slow the game down a bit
I identified the 3 types of # c o mm un i cat ion among our circle: 1) Passive-aggressive 2) Harsh insults 3) Inappropriate sexual humor
Happy #Human Rights Day to all "guilty without trial" # con tractors in receipt of #A P Ns.
Don't seem to remember the last entertaining Europa League match. Van Gaal will spice it up in the next round.
Now that salman Khan is acquitted of all charges in hit n run case our fait in judicial system is strengthen ;) #Hitand Run Case
In a world where islamophobia is on the increase, it's comforting to find an old school, run of the mill racist... # what century ?
well #Hotline Bling won't be nominated for a Grammy? Blasphemy # cold line block call me when anyone cares?
We Love You Salman for restoring our faith in money & power!  #Salman Verdict
Over the hump with the cookies. Don’t know why I do this just once a year.
Yes. Please. Leave the full trash can right there. No! Don't take it out. Just keep piling your garbage on top.  #Lazy Husband
Why insult someone when you can say something nice in a very sarcastic tone.
Oh yay! Yet another windy storm moving in!
Yeah, like I am taking political advice from someone who adopted a religion to avoid the military draft.
Getting the stadium tax taken out of your check to support a football team you ain't ask for. >>>>>>>>>
Why spend your money to build a stadium that's prolly gonna house a team that's dog shit when you can get taxpayers to do it?
Oh and I'm gonna lie about something over and over again when I know they can obviously track it
Ok I'm gonna bust my ass off to do something I'm not supposed to be doing over and over again
Thank you gradle for hanging my system 3 times in the last 30 min. I sincerely appreciate it.
CSP has run out. Going to be a very skint Christmas! # ya y
So excited that today starts another 7 day work week!
And then God was like.... Beta.. Mobile ke bina maza ara na  #Godwhiudu This U Make Mi Cry #God Post29
Thank god ! Or I would have lost faith on the power of money.  #Salman Free
"Idk he said something about 'coke' and 'guns' and I sort of blacked out." # t sl # humor # lawyer # funny
Is The Martian a Musical or a Comedy?  #Golden Globes
By the height of your truck and size of your tires I'm going to assume your dick is massive, "bro".
Thank god Salman Khan has been freed from all the charges or else I would've lost faith in the power of money 󾌦󾌦 #Salman_verdict 󾌮
DeMarco Murray wants back? Didn't see that one coming..
How romantic!!! #Narendra Modi praising #Sharad Pawar . Hey wait, I can smell  :D
I got 27 upvotes on reddit. You can say I'm internet famous. # validation
My oldest daughter inherited my # s n a r k , sense of humor, and . I don't know if I'm terribly # proud or just terrified. # mom problems
Never would've guessed that high ratings = strong position, and low ratings = weak position.  -deletes slide-
"Sensed synchrony is not they same as objective simultaneity" - Edmund Husserl. #Wordsto Live By  #Almost Finished
Bit by a mosquito , middle of December, in # p l a t t s b u r g h #NY . Climate change? What climate change? Nah...no way... # climate change
Yeaaa so excited about working 8 1/2 hour shifts these next three days. # its money t h o # seasonal
Oh how I love over-expensive bills
It's amazing the amount of scholars of Islam that are in my social media feeds these days. Really impressive. # was that necessary ?
I hope the message on banners outside Serena # Islam a bad hits home and all the readers send their # daughters to # school .
My  keeps getting me into trouble oops
On a train reading a case about train tracks, how exciting.
How can the people of India now face him, for blaming an innocent for 13 years. #Salman Verdict
A big shout out to my politics prof for making the exam cumulative after telling us it was non-cumulative! # finals got me like
Love how the faster I try to work, the slower my computer functions # b logger problems # b logger # technology
You're on my mind, but i dont mind! :p
I bet its the individual religions t ha t are to blame for all the shit in the world, and not just religion as a whole # ha # it is
3 more finals to go today was my first one. Yay.
Wow today has been sooooooooooo busy # personal t we et
Lawyering requirements to start the morning, favorite part of the job.
Where are the moderate Republicans, why no one is speaking up and denouncing #Trump's allegations? That means you agree with him.
Histology conferences are SUPER fun at 7am. #Life Of A Med Student # why is it so warm in here
David Stern: The NBA considers an "A-toll with a satellitedish" a country when it comes to computing broadcast reach #SBJIAF
Later is the best time to do anything
"Win...and get the heck out" We did that in the First Gulf War, yeah? THAT worked long term Hasn't worked in 60 yrs # m o r n i n g j o e
Seriously folks, how can we ban T rump from Britain? Haven't the SNP given him half of Scotland for golfing purposes? # T rump
I'm almost certain that everyone knew that. I don't normally use # adult in g or # adult , but when I do I drink it with a bottle of .
Well this is a fun start to my day
Ignoring symptoms over exam week has been SO helpful. # n o t e n o u g h s p o o n s
"Mom. Can you line me up" at 6:30am is such a calming, non-chaotic phrase to hear.
#Thanga Magan trailer final dialogue - Wareeeh Wahhhhhh! Chance-ey ila :D  #No Comments
Wait lemme guess you're about to say something sarcastic.  is hard to be  about
((Nice to see the Doctor Who fandom so accepting of the TARDIS/Idris  It's just companions and OC kids these days))
Who doesn't love it when people don't text you back but still tweet and post on Instagram?
NDTV confirms that Syed Farook of #California Shooting was RSS Agent in San Bernardino & shouted Jai shree raam Before killings
Get it, because it sounds like "gay balls". I'm so funny.
Faith in indian judicial system restored. # money can buy anything #Salman Verdict
In the space of 24 hours # b use ire an n has demonstrated to me twice it's impeccable service and ability to tell time # late
Hats off, Bombay High Court..  #Salman Verdict
#Twitter Makes Me Feel I'm a real author & professional comedian.
Life was a big messed up forest It developed to a more chaotic one Finally,it stayed as it was,but now we name it via Organizations
This is not JUSTICE, its called Bhaigiri!!!  #Salaman Verdict
You can't compare Apple to Orange. But you must know how bad your taste is. # cheap en g a
Really like it when people don't let you off the train before they get on. Literally top notch manners.
It is December! Let's finish all sorts of shit before the end of the year for no reason!
12:30am finishing the last more than 3/4s of a paper that's due today... Yay me # late night # home work #contemporaryeorlissuesclass
according to HC, the car was auto driven and car was drunk...  #Salman Verdict
Who needs food when you could just drink snot? # sick
Wow, a politician who "can't recall" something that might be politically damaging...well, I never... # a us p ol
"I may never get birthdays, holidays, or even school days off, but at least I work at the happiest place on earth!"
Back to my favourite place on earth, my office, where everything is simple and no arguments take place. Oh no wait...  #Want Bed
#Prideand Prejudiceand Zombies because we needed another asinine film like Abraham Lincoln, Vampire Slayer.  #P P Zmovie
Love getting drunk called at 2:30am # but you re cool # w w
Well tonight will be a barrel load of laughs...
We're getting a remix of a song that wasn't even that good to begin with in "Anacaonda". Oh, deep joy.
Lovely to see all the cheerful faces commuting into London this morning # l o n d o n c o m m u t e r s
IVF fo r dogs. What a te r r ific idea. # r 4 today
Hey!! I'll be back in 5 minutes . If not please read the message again
kids today will never know about the troubles we had when WE were kids even though we post about said troubles all the fucking time
RT , like and reply link moved a bit higher! Wow!!! It's a revolutionary change by twitter  Is this all the creativity they got??
Yeah. 105dbASPL is a good bar volume. I see no issue with this.
This is the best night ever!
There's nothing I love more than a guy telling me what I want from a TV show. Thanks for thinking for me and knowing what I want.
Are we sure the #S J Sharks weren't offside before that 3-minute cycle?
Oh, I love being lied to. It is so awesome
Damm being sick is the absolute best thing in the world i love it dudeeeeee
Odd how the # red warrior tag hasn't taken off at AO3 # o u at
We still want to trade Eberle? # o i l e r s # h e s so soft
Yes, we are a Scoring Machine, baby!! # tired # P e n s
Hey! This is officially my 1000th tweet!! Only took 3 years! Congratulations to me! #Slow Poke #Twitter Famous
#KNICKS #NYK DIDN'T SEE MUCH OF THE GM BUT SHOUT OUT TO THEIR EFFORT TONITE THEY REALLY HUSTLED PLAYED DEFENSE & EFFICIENT SCORING
no no I was born in #Green Bay & I like pro # football of course I'm a Cheese head #Go Pack Go
HOLD EVERYTHING! I just got an email with the subject line "New Children's Book." You mean they're making NEW ones now!? Wow! # f b
Still gotta study for one more final...genetics!!! # ya y # finals
I can't believe they showed Beebop and Rocksteady. Too soon and too spoilerish. They should have saved it for the movie. # D e j a v u
Is it considered a feature for a Garmin to silently stop recording when you turn the GPS off mid-workout?  Feature needs retiring.
Wolves with 2 consecutive shot clock violations # L a k e r s
Good job keeping my apps open for more than 40 seconds, iPad 1.
Who's this Sprong guy?! Why hasn't he been playing?!  #Free Sprong
Scalia, you are one funny dude. .
Byron allows Russell to play his game and he's playing well? I don't believe it.
Home from work just checking my work email. Love it.
I'm assuming the # H a b s got Goalied©™ again. # don t believe the h y p e
Can't sleep cuz of nausea/sickness.. #FUCKINGAMAZING
Oh darn. Markus is missing? Bummer! # Nashville
My friend gave me advice about following in my mentor 's footsteps. Step 1 walk right behind mentor step 2 repeat step 1. # mentor
I really need to work on my
Julien changes lines around and Bruins suddenly up 2-1. But hey Julien never adapts right?
Wow. Lowry gets fouled twice, ball goes out of play off him, and it's a Spurs ball off the out of bounds? Totally unbiased # n b a
Christina Millian in the audience. Shocked they didn't ask her to sing.  #White Hot Holidays
Love the fact Trump is winning over everyone's heart strictly off of the fears of Americans..
I don't get why they say this is the last time Kobe plays in mn. What about playoffs?
Like it is literally less then 20% of human resources left on earth but who care right we can find another earth to live on
My ear is trying to consume my earring. Aweeeeeesome.
It's too bad the "ambiance" of this party isn't conducive to having fun
I see the reffing in the MAAC is still good #let'sgosaints
Glad that I'm the only one who busts my ass at my job.
Some people are real mature... # grow up
They actually call a penalty against Montreal to put the Bruins on the Power Play for a change.  #Bruins Vs Habs
I love how #Doctor Who depicts the US... either NY City or the "Wild West"... no inbetween. Tumbleweeds, SUVs & hating Brits # M u r i c a
is an # Art If it was a science, I would have my PhD.
The fact white supremacists believe Trump's Muslim proposal a "watershed moment" is the the cherry on top of a great year # i n n e r s
My two favorite hockey players: Subban and Marchand #Rivalry Night # Montreal # Boston
Happ, Alverez and Walker gone. But we still have Hurdle. Oh great.
Oh good! More torture on #DAYS! Just what we needed!
Trump is not a bigot. He just wants to ban muslims from entering the country and send all the rapist drug dealers back to Mexico.
Hoping 2 be a mother who sits around for hrs playing video games & let other people watch my kids # motherhood # goal life
Wow! The price of gas is so low & accurately reflects the current price of world oil !! # oil # gas #OPEC
Love when ppl talk 100% about themselves
The older I get the more I relate to Chandler. # friends
hehe. is appropriate when it comes to # physical ex am . only. #firstyearmedicalstudent # pal pit at ion # o s t e o p a t h i c medicine
Shout out to the women out there who woke up this week and decided to get a tattoo between their tits. # i n s pi rational # great # idea
U heard us #Aziz Ansari! No more Netflix specials 4 your # Muslim ass! U and your family GTFO! And that #Big Bang Theory terrorist Raj!
It's finals week and everyone is on edge except for the people in group study room 1 it's great to hear people laughing and talking
Always great to feel appreciated.... # thanks no thanks
Soooo excited for this field trip tmrw surrounded by a bunch of little people and Characters on ice skates So excited.
OMG someone posed for their senior picture with a bow and arrow they're going to kill everyone!!! High schools make me sick.
It just hit me: Hollywood can fix its "diversity problem" by simply... wait for it... diversifying. Took me a minute to realize
I love two lane country roads when stuck behind a slow moving vehicle
Love it when people say 'love it' when they don't actually love it
Oh, the wonderful world of reverse engineering.
Foreigners, get them out #Olivier Giroud #Hat Trick Hero what use is he to our country, what does he contribution to British Sport?
can't wait to see my father tonight
Anybody actually getting mail on their community mailbox yet? # b l a c k f a l d s #waytogo Canada Post
Editing photos of yourself and noticing every flaw is super fun
Hey FB, thank you for showing pictures of the people I "may" know... What in the world would I do without you.
So happy you are raising the bus fare! It's ok that you're late right now, I have nothing else to do. # o c t r a n s p o # o tt a w a
For some reason my vitamin D tables go down better with wine....
Black people always attacking some poor little white girl on here
I love when people ask you for advice and you give it to them, they don't listen, they ask again and the cycle just repeats.
Maybe # T rump was the disaster predicted by the Blood Moons?
we love having to fix our air conditioner in the winter.
YAY another 10pm game start! # P e n s
LOVE being 40 minutes early for work
or just be a dick & laugh at me bc that's what friends do
Did the Olympiacos fans pass an exam in booing at school?  #OLYARS #O L Yv A F C
Feeling a bit sorry for #Donald Trump here. Lots of hatred and vitriol aimed at a man who merely expressed an opinion.
She just told her best friend the news and she ran off to basically tell the whole school. Great friend!!!! # s g s 17
I don't know why everyone is hating on Trump...he's my entertainment everyday # but also true
Oh yes, we all totally want to watch Barcelona beat up Leverkusen Excellent choice Fox
If you chose to buy the Chuck Steak over the Kobe Beef, enjoy chewing on the gristle...
It's great when the number you've had for just over a year is still getting texts from the friends of people who used to have it.
Hey the # R and is 2 marks from being equivalent to the Mexican Peso Well done #ANC ( )
Yes, the Reds being the only MLB team to produce a weekly podcast DEFINITELY takes my mind off the soul-crushing state of the team.
seems like Tokio Hotel told someone that the Q&A was tonight
It's 930 and I've had 5 people yell at me so far. Today is going great
Umm so since 1927 Time magazine has only named four women as "Person of the Year." Apparently women do little worth recognizing
$NFLX --why is it falling they have a great collection of Charlie Chaplin movies
The drive from hernando to Starkville is wonderful.
Maybe I should have added  to that last tweet
Running on 1.5 hours of sleep, so today will probably be productive...
All of my stomach problems are a result of an ED how nice # things i wish i knew at 13
Thanks for that venue & those prices JB.. Damn.
After # Carter estb dept of #EDU in 1979 R edu status has fallen drastically but budget has soared Abolish it like # Re a g an wanted
I fucking love people that make my job so damn difficult.
Anyone know when the Republicans will be doing their rebuttal to the President's 150th anniversary of the end of slavery speech?
Mmm, nothing more attractive than having a guy basically spit on your feet..
Everyone do your part. We can beat terrorism if we all change our fb profile pics to the French flag.
Federal Magagers Priorities: 1 PC Quotas 2 PC Quotas 3 Security 4 PC Quotas 5 Terrorists 6 PC Quotas Yes! It's okay to be afraid.
Whatever Sonny Cumbie. Texas didn't want you anyway. If they did you would've taken the job and left that small private school...
I'm so happy that Martin Shkreli is now the owner of the Wu-Tang Clan album.
Ash Carter: We haven't contained ISIS...BUT we've met and maintained our PC Quotas. Yep, people...it's okay to be afraid...  #ISIS
Nasdaq is lower today. Who needs $FB $AMZN $NFLX & $GOOGL when you have $DD & $DOW? # sort a #Old Economyis Still Relevant
Uber provides no security to employees. But who cares, right? As long as you get to flip the bird to the taxi industry. #Taxi Strike
Government of Obama&Friends is epitome of PC (Pretending Competence). It's okay to be afraid.
I love failing an exam !! It puts me in such a good mood !!
Shock horror an MP told a fib and got away with it... # Carmichael #End Of The World #We'reAllDoomed
Everyone looks so assumed in their # snap chat this morning. Lmao.
Western day at ECC and Dean tells me it's not that big of a deal he's a clover kid annnnnnd has a rancho w lots of animals # kids
Will Martin Shkreli charge people 5600% more than he paid to listen to that Wu-Tang album he reportedly bought?  $KBIO
Lelaki : You are the most important thing in the world Perempuan : No , I'm not. Your job is
Oh yeah don't worry I didn't want that cereal anyway
Anyone can be a terrorist. Dosent matter of the color of your skin. It takes a real genius to call out one race on terrorism .
And that of course, is just tragic. #Affirmative Action # white privilege # r a c i s m
When a dozen JAS planes fly by outside and it sounds like the entire apartment is gonna fall down # great feeling # terrified
Dear neighbor who's playing senti love songs, keep those songs playing so I can reminisce more.
Pretty awesome that I ordered from hts early last week and my shipment is still pending.
I'm sure govt debt hasn't benefitted from ZIRP at all, right? I wonder what govt will cut when borrowing costs go up # rate hike
You can't take me any place nice. LOL! I ALWAYS spill something! Nobody gets my  WHY?
I love how one of my marketing professors is using Comic Sans on her presentation.  #Stop Comic Sans2k15
No lift for the DAX or $EWG ETF after Angela Merkel named Time Person of the Year. Imagine that.
I forgot to take my morning meds, so today should be maaaaaaarvelous....
With all the construction on I70, of course this is the perfect time to work on the railroad tracks adjacent to Rt 7!
What's all the fuss about Trump?
I love tweeting something and 6 hours later realizing I made a typo... Just makes my day :)  lol
YES, JUSTIN BIEBER IS TOURING! I'm so excited. #Sarcastic Tweet #Sarcastic Wednesday  #Im Not A Belieber
So my dad told me that my ex-boyfriend moved into the apartment directly across the hall from his. Oh joy!
By all means, feel free to tell me how to do my job.
Awww crap I missed the #V S Fashion Show last night?
Sometimes you wish there was utopia! But if so what will happen to the philosophers of this wretched world # literature # philosophy
I mean as long as your getting paid for it, you should be good being the donkey of the day.. Daily
Apple MacBook , The Pencil, Apple Magic Mice and now iPhone Battery Case! It's been a great year for designers at Apple!
What else is new? I can’t sleep...but why would I be able to? It’s only 1 o’clock in the morning
Oh man, do I love turning on late night with seth meyers to hear jokes about women given leadership opportunities # bigotry
To live a creative life we must lose our fear of being wrong,..
no fuel no gas no electricity, wait we still have 6 deputy PMs, they might save the day :0
My English is great tonight. I can form sentences perfectly.
s͞a͞r͞c͞a͞s͞m͞. The long awaited font is nearly here. font # over score
Hey guys did Kane get a point tonight?
On every earth there is a ' god father ' - Harrison Wells # flash the series # funny quote # flash # god father
I am so happy being awake at half 7 in the morning it makes me so happy.
can't wait for all the people who've liked justin for 5minutes to get tickets and people who've liked him for 5yrs not:)))
Can't wait until you start working again...
Gotta love working with rude ass employees
#Planned Parenthood is giving "I killed an American Trophies" 2 #Is Is # Terror ist , that make a $500 # abortion donation. #TCOT #OWS
You'll never believe it, but it's pouring down rain again. #PNW
Sarah: was that Giselle. Me: no it was Tyra Banks  #GISELLE #V S Fashion Show
our soldiers are everyday dying for those ppl who dnt even want to live in the country. # selfish
I loveeeeee not being able to sleep at night
Interesting facts are like... You know blinking an extra time per day increases improves your vision 0.0001%... Head blown!
Just go to bed now rick, you got work at the crack of dawn again # blessed # no struggle here
Yay for 4.0.3! Nerfs all around. I swear, they're redefining the meaning of the term # ne rf her der . # s wt or # s wt or family
The feeling of having a final the next day never gets old...
It's really an awesome time to hear rumors about yourself.  #howdid Jesusdoit #whata Man
Another outbreak at Chipotle. This is how God punishes me. I can't ever be happy.
my old sight that I changed a few hours ago is gushing blood # i love diabetes # pumps rule
Helena Capital 68, Butte 47 - A petition drive has begun in Butte to fire the coach.
I just love walking into puffs of weed. Please, keep smoking in my general direction.
Why would anyone need a gun when you can just be like "I'm glad you're here, I'm moving and need some help."
Don't you love it when humanity learns absolutely nothing from history? # r a c i s m # hatred breeds pain
The women on the Victoria Secret Fashion Show are yucky...
I don't think about diamonds nearly as much as every jewelry commercial would have you think... Am I less of a woman??
First exam Thursday. Did I study? Nope. #Let Go Let God  #Still Not Studying Though
Work will be a blast tomorrow
I <3 debugging code of developers who no longer work at my company. It's the bestest! # program min g # hell
"If you don't tweet, you don't exist."~my teacher
Hmmm what's up with that ad? The suspense is killing me! # c o m s 275
Omg, they turned NYC buildings pink for 10 minutes! Women so RULE! Sighhhh  #Victoria Secret Fashion Show
Wait how many zeros is 650 billion?
When a # C hopped Judge says, "I didn't like this or that" my next thought is,....Well Hell, pick it out then asshole.
When someone says "Treat them like you would your grandmother," my next thought is always, So scream at her and put her in a home?
I really wish Alessandra Ambrosio was in better shape
Wow wings in overtime # surprised #Red Wings #NHL
Well, that worked out real sweet for you, didn't it Patterson!!? #Chicago Fire
That oh so wonderful moment when your ps4 dies out of nowhere # Son y #Play Station #PS4 #Play Station4
lol, Howard with 36 stops on 38 shots, but.... still gonna be his fault if the #Red Wings lose in OT, right guys?...........
I SHALL OBLITERATE YOU, O EXAMS, WITH ALL As!
I'm surprised by how much good advice I can find on the internet. # get your mind right
Whaaaaaaaat?!? French Canadian referees hosing the # c o y o t e s when we were 1 and 8 with them in last season?? Nooooooo
Mr. Walsh is apparently a slave trader. What a fun guy. #Star Trek #TOS
Can't wait to see what wonderful things the rest of the week brings! # worst week # i t s o n l y t u e s day
Social media. That magical place where becoming a constitutional scholar, a historian or a legal expert is just a click away.
I don't know guys, I don't think golden state is that good
Warriors all day! Does this tweet make me a fan now??! :D #N B A Police #Salty Haters
It's difficult for me to believe that the restaurant manager with a pinky ring and other jewelry would address me as "bud/partner"
I just love how my dog HAS to sleep under the covers, if not, he whines, tosses and turns all night long # so cute
Boy that Seguin kid is a bad influence and he doesn't play defense. Let's trade him!
Ashley's parents look completely thrilled # married at first sight
Nothing I love more than being ignored.  #This Is Why I Hate People
My mouth keep me in trouble # smart mouth # they love it
Wooow I did not see that coming  #Scream Queens Finale
Too bad this game was a must win. I guess the season is over...
so a bunch of bombs are gonna go flying through the air to the drone...that doesn't sound bad at all!  #The F Lash
I became the first FtM to sell solo work on ELM, as far as I know. W ha t an honor. # pioneer # queer # ha
Deeply saddened to hear Prukop could be transferring.  #FTC
Our zebra comes home for 5 minutes then back out the door! I love basketball season
I'm stunned that Jordan was saved first. Probably the most stunned I've ever been. # the voice
There's still 37 seconds and GS has 79...they might make 100 in the half!
Well, that was an evening full of Christmas joy.
Dear # America ns You've let THE Bat-Crap-Crazy out of the Asylum (Trump) and he's running amok. Well done # America . Well done.
# Jordan blasting Muslim immigration ban while banning #Syrian Refugees yeah #Makes Sense
Finally got my OPM letter. Good thing the government didn't store absolutely everything about me all in one place. #O P M Hack
Seriously let's leave Curry all alone... Sounds like a great game plan! # pacers
I couldn't be in a better mood !!! # life !
I would just like to say thank you may I please have another?
Dads camera died 20 mins in2 showing me his deer footage.... So sad I wont get to see the other 2 hrs of deer walking around
Boy I hope I get a few dozen # W i n d o w s 10 updates on all my devices this week.
#Trump Facts Bowing to Muslim peer pressure, McDonalds in London now only sell Milk-Sheikhs
And the winner of the Mother of the Year award goes to... Jennifer Horton! Where the hell has she been?!? # C ha b by # Days # Days 50
I have an idea lets put gun restrictions on criminals so they won't commit all these crimes.
If you watch a Carrie Fisher in an interview you can see exactly why she was castes as Leia. # s ass y # rebel #DGAF
I love cherry-picking historical facts to support my ethnocentric views </ >
SO KMI has TWICE the long term debt as EPD and yields less than half as much....Definitely step in here.
You know your goals as a PE teacher are being reached when you are considered on the same page as Study Hall / Lunch # clue less
Now that we're in the best tournament in Europe, lets make sure we go for it. #Europa League #Man Utd
You're bound to find a multitude of quality employees when you are looking for complete open availability but only hiring part time
Sometimes I leave details out, my reply is I did my best with 140 characters you dumbass. # life # no no no
Since I don't get off when it's dark & I'll probably get killed walking to it
Truly love how people are anymore
Same shit different day. Wooohoo. # t u e s d a y s u c k s
# humor # humour beeing sarcastic can mean often not to be understood, but it tends to be quite satisfying.
Those icicle lights, I worked really hard to put up look amazing!!!
I'm sure Pep or Mou or Carlo or Diego would have been able to take this MU to the CL final and the top of the EPL at a jog.
#Trump Is Disqualified Party? What?!! Trump was disqualified? No, I have no one to vote for! just kidding
Just Googled "The time".....1st thing that came up was "3:50 P.M." Way to go Google.
::looks at calendar:: BABY, BOOK1 reissue, BOOK2 release. Yeah, early 2016 is gonna be easy and chill.
I don't do  tags, just so you know.
I think it was the cowboy hat that gave it away...but I just knew they were going sing a Coldplay song. # obvious #Royal Variety
So # go o g le is going to help develop the product which will monitor our on- line speech. Comforting.
Thanks for making up some numbers Manchester United...van gaal deserve credit  #GGMU
"He was fired because he had nudes on his COMPANY phone? Well, did he at least get the pictures back?" # t sl # law yer # funny # law
Mu sis is an utter peach
Dentist appointment in half an hour... Fun!  ;)
Krispy Kreme earnings after bell. $KKD down nearly 30% YTD. That should make them prime takeover candidate for JAB, right?  $GMCR
That's always exciting, coming home from work and writing out bills
Watching Nigella and LOVING the parts when she says "If I can do it, you can" ... ? # jokes # c h r i s t m as food # i cant do it
pissing people off has actually become a past time for me
So excited to be up all night for my scenic design project.
It's weird that Chad Kelley isn't first team all SEC... I thought he was better than Dak...
City fans showing there support again tonight with a sell out crowd! # empty had
My social life is too much to handle ... really it is # bored shit less
Dean Ambrose threw popcorn at Kevin Owens!! What will he do next?! He's out of control! #RAW
Don't you just love it when your typos make it look like you're saying the opposite of what you meant to say? I totally love that. !
Also I love how family members took the time out of their busy schedules to congratulate us
Going ahead for just 2mins great defending by united
I love it when people who haven't used me as their REALTOR contact me for info.
I bet if we piggyback a law forbidding posting #Star Wars spoilers with # gun control congress could pass it before December 18th! :)
I like setting a post on Facebook so that only you can see it and then it decides to tell everyone about it your newsfeed anyway.
This is nothing at all like the Nazis. Instead of a yellow star, Muslims can wear a yellow crescent moon. Totally different! # T rump
Donald Trump cites Roosevelt as a reason to ban entry of Muslims. You know, because of Roosevelt's beloved internment camp policy.
It's so conform to know when you have to demo in 5 minutes, iTunes Connect still processing the last build.
Uff the Queen sends her best wishes to all affected by Desmond storm...I feel sooooo much better now!
Sources tell me #Boston College student sickness actually from tainted pot brownies, not #CMG sofritas.
"You can do anything you want in there, long as the judge doesn't see it." # funny # humor # t sl # lawyer # bad advice
I got out the hospital (barely) and have to be back tomorrow for 8.30 cuz I didn't want to stay the night... yay
Yay! Because we definitely haven't all been to Lausanne enough times in our lives. # sport accord convention
As I sit in Starbucks sipping on a delicious cup of their "Christmas Blend", I'm reminded of how much they must hate Christmas.
Finals week makes me want to throw up. Man I can't wait until I get into Graduate School or a Professional Program....
Oh social interaction will be much improved by banning TV. # b b c p m
Yes, that's what we needed - more accent this season.  #BB9
Keep it going mate , you will get there
global warming is caused by gun smoke from all of these mass shootings and gun murders in America #United On Climate # gun control
I love when people change/act different when dating someone especially after they tell you it will never happen.
.... could you tell how happy I was in my last tweet??
Wow.I can definitely use this experience for a paper in college next semester.I love experiencijg overly judgemental people. # oh joy
I can't wait to go to Florida and be with all my friendssssssss.....
$SPLS down 6%. If Staples/$ODP dies again (FTC also killed deal in 1997) will they try to merge in 2033 & hope 3rd time is a charm?
God, Fairfield is FULL of classy mother fuckers
No hot water. Awesome. Uoaks is sooo great
teaching on the theology of #HZM tomorrow # ha g gai # z e char i ah # m a l a c h i this should be an easy one
living with a man this semester has tested my patience so much. makes me want to be single forever sometimes. # happy thoughts from me
Billionaire Arabs are providing support to terrorists. Maybe we need a wall to keep the billionaires out. # bigotry
Damn!! Yesterday I lost my memory cardSo acc to the law of some ppl should I have blamed Deepika's PR for that??
The phrase "I am not a P.C. type" is usually followed by a dickish or racist statement. #Trump Palin2016
Someone please post another picture of the sunrise, I missed the first 70 pics!
Only 5 exams left. I can do this!
No that's fine. Stand by me and shout down your phone. My relaxing coffee wasn't important!!
When It Comes To  No One Can Beat Our Parents Me: Laptop Lena Hai... 50,000 Chahiye Parents: 50,000? BAS? 1,00,000 Ka Le Leta!!
Cause chaos in #JUSTCAUSE3 then die and wait for load time! 10/10 game
I sure do love being more tired when I get up than when I went to bed!  #Insomnia Problems
I'm locked out of my house...yay
Register all American Muslims? Why don't we just make them all wear yellow stars and put them in concentration camps?  #WWIII
Egads! The price of # oil is under $37. That must be a sure sign the # global # economy is in great shape.
After the #Force Awakens comes out; looking forward to headline "See which theories about SWFA were wrong/right" filling up my feed.
I say it's lit to everything to show people how dumb they look saying its lit to everything.
I just LOVE when you're talking to a girl, the out of nowhere she just starts ignoring everything you do! That's the best!
Donald Trump is racist. America definitely needs a racist president to make us all safer. # nut case
Yay work again . Can't wait until I move to the next level. Hit me up people~
i stopped watching MU since they stopped scoring, it's like a year ago.
Well today started out to be a great start
33 followers. I honestly don't think I could he cooler
Wow, what an apologetic email from PLY Manchester because they can't accommodate my booking... # rude #willbuymypizzaelsewhere
Sanjay dutt to be released from jail by March 2016 # j a i h o # in di a # In tolerance # celebrity life #Sanjay Dutt #1992 blast #bombay blast s
Go ahead Trumpkins, alienate and ostracize everyone. It will work wonders at the voting booth.
I did itttt. Omg! Lukot effect sa envelope nyets effort ha?
Donald Trump would have made Adolf Hitler so proud.
Yay! #Morning Trump ! I'll be at the gym #Aw Nuts
Good job falling out with lead sponsor Ron Dennis. Truly you have proven yourself other the course of this season. #F1
I love these incredibly early emergency dayjob mornings - especially before taking Wendy for preop. They're… Enlightening.
I wish the media would stop demanding that Lucy Allan resigns. I mean it's never off the news  #Lucy Allan
RT RT RT RT RT RT RT RT RT RT RT RT RT RT RT RT RT RT #Lo Mejor De Diciembre es la paga extra, las vacaciones y la cesta de Navidad. …
Good thing we practiced those Alice drills like they said we would
There parody of awesomeness in the powerhouse that is the NFC East is uncanny. # Eagles #1st Place #Fly Eagles Fly
How nice that Oscar Pretorious gets to spend his time in a flash house after murdering someone...
One good thing about harmattan is that it brings out the beauty in people.
Today will be fuelled by and other low forms of wit! # still recovering # fun weekend #letsdoitagainthisweekend
I thought work was fun today... It's 2:30AM and I'm even MORE excited for tomorrow
Loving the humble nature of this year's contestants. # t b la u (Props for losing the weight though)
I love to send nice meanful messages and not getting responses. It's really great
I don't know you but I do believe in hate at the first sight. # quote
Cold winters are so last century.
Good thing I can fit everything in my suitcases
You know what I love the most about driving? It's not the sense of freedom/independence it gives you. It's being stuck in traffic.
Me: making the right decision all the time since 1992
And we're already off to a fantastic beginning to the day....
I think my favorite thing about asthma is waking up in the middle of the night and barely breathing. It's so great.
Just finished my 3rd cup of coffee in 4 hours, love college
I am Indira's Daughter-In-Law says #SoniaGandhi.....hence I shall have you Booked-By-law says # S w a my
Also, even being minimally sick like I am during # finals week is soooooo fun.
One of the greatest things that I enjoy SOOOO much is when people lie
Did I just learn how to do ?
Just started a 5 week VPSS course for Special Ed English. If you're in CA., and you've done a VPSS course, you know my job.
well, it's good to know i'm appreciated.
# S a b r e s So time to change lines up? Or we only do that when we go on a win streak? Keep Eichel with Gionta cuz that works
For the record, I've never graffitied nor keyed anyones car/home. Except for this one time in Bangkok... ish hit the fan that night
This paper for college is so fun!
I can't believe it only took #D A Lvs W A S 53 minutes of game time to get interesting!
NFC East up for grabs! Most competitive division in the league.
Have Washington given Matt Cassel too much time?
Today has not been the best day, when it came to family stuff…but it did end well, well ok-ish #istillhavetoworkonsomestuff # ya y
Did anyone catch the greatest leader #Greg Hardy and his inspirational speech to special teams? #MNF #D A Lvs W A S
Bold move giving the Redskins explosive offense that much time on the clock.
It's terrible when unfortunate things happen to the likes of the oh-so-humble DeSean Jackson. # S c had en f re u de #Dalvs W S H #MNF # f b
Couldn’t have happened to a nicer guy!!! # Cow boys
Where the hell was Jackson going? lmao didn't know he played for Dallas lol  #D A Lvs W A S
DeSean Jackson trying to do too much? Never heard of it  #D A Lvs W A S
Wait. Was there a firework show at St John's?  #Snap Stories Galore
THIS GAME IS SO MUCH FUN... ...said no one. #D A Lvs W A S  #Monday Night Football
Love the imagination of this Cowboys offense.  #D A Lvs W A S
But wait, Dez didn't become a runner... does that mean no catch?? I'm so confused... #MNF #D A Lvs W A S
Pretty sure I called Paul LaPolice back to the # bombers back in October on account of all my insider connections and whatnot
The NFL Guys must be loving these MNF Matchups they have been getting the past two weeks.
Hopkins misses...Payton knew it all along, he sucks!  #MNF - JR
Sean Lee is playing really well. I just wish Gruden would mention how great he is at least once. #MNF
Wow, this must be the game of the year!!  #D A Lvs W A S
4th quarter+five to tal field goals = riveting Monday night football #9 to 6
Listen to the electric reaction for Dreamer. . I love the dude but why does noone care?
Brandon Carr held??? What? No way... He is a lockdown corner!
Nothing says Happy Birthday John Lennon like a celebrity concert hosted by Kevin Bacon.
Being argumentative with everyone around you is a key factor in why your losing your job Elise  #No People Skills #Apres Ski
The most exciting game all year. # red skins
Just got home from work and Turn to the MNF game and it looks like its been a FUN game to watch  #ESPN #Cowboysvs Redskins
I propose a list of every 1 with a beard it will net as many right wing domestic terrorist as radical Islamic, sorry hipsters
If Trump wants to ban Muslims, how about group responsible for 400+ years of murder, mayhem, genocide, thievery here in US? *cough*
What am exciting game. #MNF # Cow boys # Red skins
Yay for working every day this week but Thursday. # ma kin bank
It must be so hard to be a white man and feel like you never have any space to express your beliefs without having to defend them.
Client wants a man worth 5-10M? That's really too bad, I know the perfect Whistler man but his net worth is 11M #Apres Ski
Anxiety is my most favourite thing
Girls that make fun of the way other girls look usually look like Megan Fox # stay in your lane
This should be the segment of the year. # Raw
Does running away from your problems count as exercise? # workout # exercise of the week # fitness
When (not if) # t i g e r s become # extinct in the wild, we can always start a # captive breeding program with those owned by celebrities
The first half of this game has been so exciting!?  #HTTR
Love it when you have images exhibited and you didn't know! Woohoo!
When you trade in your car, please leave all of your trash in the trunk. The detailers will kindly throw it out for you
So nice to see Scheana's sunny personality and Tom's scrambled eggs helped Shay overcome addiction in one week.  #Pump Rules
Monster game from Brandon Knight!  #Fan Duel #Fantasy Basketball
Offensive zone face off down 1 with 2:30 left to play: 4th line time #Never Change Claude
This is such a good game
I'm am shocked that Dez Bryant is mad and screaming on the sideline. He never does that! # Dallas # mnf
I've been a big ball of sunshine all day...
You're telling me the officials just wrongly called an illegal crackback block? No way.  #D A Lvs W A S
I change my mind. I now wholeheartedly support Duterte! I will now vote for Duterte... for Pasay Mayor! # no to du t e r t e
Patriots are under investigation AGAIN as Cowboys have no electronic equipment at all working on their side line at Washington.
Oh Happy looks just THRILLED. # S c or pi on
Wow Martian manhunter totally didn't see that coming # Super girl
The crowd is so hyped for the match  #RAW
man the amount of offense so far is blowing me away  #MNF
If the #Blue Jays don't re-sign EE think of how many mediocre players they can spend that money on… # S ha pi r o logic
Oh wait... is Charlotte Ric Flair's daughter?? I had no idea!!
Apparently Minecraft for Wii U was announced today. Still waiting on the "Big Announcement" that was promised for today
Charlotte on MIZ TV? How exciting! # Raw
Oh man I sure hope they have a contract signing tonight.....  #RAW
Oh wow. This is such a surprise  that the weapons in middle east come mostly from the fucking USA. Oh yeah. Great job, you fucks.
Soooo a 16 man tag team match? Cause that won't be messy.
OMG!!! Bray Wyatt saids the word gun.... I am so offended! #RAW
This # raw crowd is not only racist, but nationalist. # not really
Trump speaks for ALL Americans, right?
I mean, it's not like humanity has ever tried the whole "scapegoat a religious group for all our problems" thing. Maybe it'll work!
Its a good thing every QB in a direct TV commercial hasn't been hurt for the majority of the season
"She's a bit early" "45 minutes isn't early, it's a crime." # t sl # law yer # law # funny # humor # be on time
I was without a voice for a couple days, so I went silent on the twitter too. I know you guys missed me, right?
I'm so glad that we've moved beyond focusing on a woman's looks/style rather than what she stands for and her message. # trek class
Ah, waiting, the most fun part of cooking
Got work at 7.... didn't get done until 6. Monday's are my favorite day.
# T y t live wha? Trump relies on stereotypes to classify and generalize an entire group of people? Noooooooooooo.
"In your hypothetical, am I the drunk one or the dead one?" # t sl # law yer # funny # law # humor
What will I do when I start streaming? Wear a polo-neck? But no-one will watch if my tits aren't hanging out!
What's with the outpouring of conservative ignorance and bigotry in the news lately?
"Something is definitely off." The Salem police officers once again showing their extreme prowess as detectives. Lord jesus. # Days
Carver-Hawkeye Arena is a place. Western Hall has nothing on it though
Who is Dr. Chandan Mitra anyways?
Yeah, because Mr. Hope and [literally] Change is great and everything.  #Moving On
You know how you get people to like you? Ban them from interacting with you... Always works. #Donald Trump
I LOVVVVEE teachers who assign vague assignments...  this week can't go by soon enough
I really love when people don't text me back. Especially when it's important.
Oh how I love working nights.....
MM model wants to shoot but she doesn't do video, doesn't like ballgags & doesn't like pantyhose. Oooo, when can we shoot?
So what've we learnt from tonights viewing # benefit beauty queens # t e e n b i n g e r s My parents did an alright job #What A Time To Be Alive
I'm always impressed when someone w/ 71 followers pitches me on how to gain 100k followers overnight.
spent neary the whole day learning for # l at in . best day ever ^^ # tired much
Major breaking news: Kimye named their son Saint. In unrelated and minor news: our country is falling apart. Carry on. # g t f o
I just love working on a problem for 3 weeks only to find it could be solved in 10 seconds!
My amazing luck on this fine Monday just keeps on coming...
Les # C a n a d i e n s put F Alex Semin on waivers! BIG SURPRISE!!! # waste of money
Sounds like FF7R is gonna be a ripoff of Xenogears. # jokes
Nearly the end of # term yay!! Now the work pours in ... Thank god for mocks... # holidays # work # e x a m s
The construction work happening near my house is so soothing
Oh! But you ARE level 200 on Candy Crush, so you've definitely done something important with your time!
If you can't afford porn, just turn on women's tennis and shut your eyes.  Nyt
Republicans are Bloods, Muslims are Crips and Trump is gangbanging. Awesome foreign policy.
Kris Bryant has filed a grievance against the Cubs in regards to his service time. Didn't see that coming....
Just found a vegan recipe for Latkas that uses sweet potatoes... I didn't know Russets were an animal product.
(Snarf) Oh noes, his will I survive w/o MS Explorer on my computer? (Snarf)
remind me not to piss myself off
I'm so excited to get two new crowns on my teeth tonight! Merry Christmas to me! # missing yoga #ratherspendthemoneyonshoes
"You're taste in music sucks" Wow that really made me rethink everything I'm gonna stop listening to them now
#UGA fans have to be thrilled about that news.
Saint West. Damnit that was going to be my son's name!!!!!
Say it ain't so.. Eagles release Miles Austin.. How will I sleep tonight?
Don't you just love when people rub stuff in your face..
Dallas Cowboys>patriots?? I think so (:
Sam is the love of Jason's life. Carly said it so it must be true! # I cant even #GH # l ma o
Thanks for announcing how the guard did today school! I appreciate the support...
When I was younger, in school we sang "All I want for Christmas is my two front teeth". Do the elderly sang that song too? # j k # l ol
**BREAKING** The Eagles release Miles Austin! Thanks for the memories. #Fly Eagles Fly
Passed two Muslims at school today. PHEW! Glad I survived that encounter. You know, I'm starting to think they are just people...
Oh good! That guy we all want to like says he didn't do the thing. The woman is clearly lying. That was a close one...
I love how the sun starts to set before 3:30
Two of my professors thought 8:00 was too early for our finals, so they moved them back to 8:30. # w o w # huge difference # t y s m
I guess I am pretty dumb for calling something a proven fact, dummy me. Smh.
Body mess, bad habbit, ugly, loser. Oh yeah i'm gf goals
Why does clicking on a picture now make it smaller? Twitter is really winning in my book lately.
So when are the Pirates gonna jump in on Chapman?.....
"At what point did pulling a gun and saying 'I'm gonna kill you' become NOT a threatening act?" # t sl # humor # funny # law yer # law
Hooray for writing out Christmas cards
"Only a King can attract a Queen & only a Queen can keep a King Focused" - Where is my Queen #Having Fun # H ah ah a
My girls think we're having # Christmas this weekend. Guess we're having Christmas this weekend. #Santas Dead # divorce # single dad
Customer service jobs are the best # i hate people
Well I'm doing awesomely at #Only Connect
Really happy I kept my ticket stub from Sunday! Can't miss that glamour tie #F A Cup # b c a f c
Will the Golden State Warriors go 98-0*? (*Including playoffs.) # i think
With only 75 metric tons of holiday flyers at my house, I can only hope to make it til midnight at the latest # no more flyers thanks
Another Crimbo photo day tomorrow #Oh The Fame
when credit cards send you happy holiday cards... wt f . Pay off my balance. # wt f
"Oh sorry. I was just thinking about how nice your money will look with my client spending it." # law yer # t sl # funny # humor # law
Old helmets on the table at # R u t g e r s let the uniform speculation begin!! #C H O P Nation
Coming home to 5 finals makes me so very happy...
7 years after the resurrection, no one ever told Peter that it was ok to eat pigs. I wonder why.  Acts10
I love when I have to keep a bar open for 12 people # let me go home
Chip "this town's negative? I've nev heard that!"
Fuck this bio final. S/o to my partners too for all their support and help lol  >.<
Not my photo, but we LOVE Whiskey..and so do these folks # mug # coffee # whiskey # rye # bourbon # funny shit # coffee lover # mon days #…
Mrs. Scott is in the best mood ever!
your little bit is alittle too much
So glad I came back to an 85078 degree apartment!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#Reason Why We Are Not Friends because you don't like #Deadliest Catch or can't take  says right on my page!
Nothing gets me ready for the day like yelling-rap music being blasted outside my window
hen you come complain to me about something please complain about the races of my teammates That will definitely help your case
Michele Fiore. So full of the Christmas spirit, and not racist too!
Remember folks - commemorate #Pearl Harbor by not eating Asian food.
No, moving in the Monday of finals week and dropping furniture in the hallway won't make everyone in your dorm hate you...
That moment when you're trying to be a good friend, but people only think you know and don't take you seriously. # help me # mon day
Kinda hoping my comes through on the net. It would be such a loss for the recipients to miss out on their daily # s ass .
Meaning: The use of irony to mock convey or contempt. # Re affirmed Meaning: #CORRECTIONS previously established.
Even the # My n t r a # Ad proves that girls like rich guys. #No Offence To Any One
"Gotta eat the booty like groceries" Is a pretty amazing mantra. So shocked it wasnt nominated for a Grammy.  #A Little
Conspiracy theories? More like truth realities.
I love that I have to take pictures of how I left my food. # stealing bitch
Baby finally nicely asleep in his bassinet. So I kick the leg of it and violently startle him awake. I'm winning at today!!
Nothing like going to the dmv. On a Monday morning
When it comes to technology, the inability to understand what someone is trying to #COMMUNICATE to me is SO much fun!
Isn't it the best when you have a pounding headache that won't go away? I can't think of anything better
People using voice-to-text in public places are my favorite. Only slightly better than speaker phone in public.
Sometimes I say things that are obviously sarcastic and people take it quite literally. # f ml
I love it when you buy something and then 2 days later you get a discount code sent to you via email.
Decorating the office for Christmas. Always a fun experience...
oh boy the Christmas carols are playing! I'm so excited
The new strategy is just like our old strategy only Better and Newer! Disarm Americans! No Fly Zone over ISIS! Don't Hate Muslims!
Get to spend my day just chilling at the old work building. My job is so difficult sometimes.
Hey Time magazine - you forgot to add Hitler to the list. Nice work.
Yay I'm sick so now I have this ringing in my ear that won't stop. # sick # why
Had so much planned for today but no it wasn't important, would much rather be ill in bed
Can't we move on from #Pearl Harbor? It's in the past. It's history. This happened so long ago. Let's live int he present.
Woke up this morning to a smoke alarm singing me the song of its people because it was out of battery. Great wake up call.
I didn't watch the #Obama Speech but I'm SURE we can all rest easy now since he's addressing REAL issues like climate change.
This 'no fly' list is a covert way to # disarm # Americans . DHS can put anyone they want on it.& they love # C o n s t it u t ion al # Americans
These last couple of days have been so good to me
So USC went with the maniac who failed at Florida, a school with unlimited resources. Yay. # but #Forever To Thee
So many people read my tweets. Stop it!!! Stop for a minute to reply and RT , my phone will be broken because of millions mentions
So Sepp Blatter knew about corruption within #FIFA but did nothing about it......I wonder why? # b b c news
Up at 4 am for work and I didn't sleep well last night. It's going to be a fun day!!!! # i m so tired # life
Im not voting for Duterte since he's a womanizer, I'll vote for those who pose pious by hiding their dirty laundry.
It's always a lovely morning when I run into j places
Not only do I have two days' worth of poop inside of me ATM, I have a two hour drive to the airport in a couple hours. Joy.
Being a political moderate is so much fun!
I guess since # w i l l m u s c ham p did sooo well at # Florida and # Auburn he should be GREAT at #South Carolina! #NCAA # football
Tweeting is a learned talent that sometimes makes you land on your beautiful face # t we et
Got a whole 3 hours of sleep. This week is going to rock! # Insomnia
My alarm did not go off this morning. This is a wonderful way to start my day. I hate that hour of "me time" before I go to work.
Love having to go to work 30mins early just to have a piss!
But yeah, didn’t take long for “fans” to moan that the remake isn’t what they wanted. Didn’t see that coming!
It's going to be such a good day bag broken already today :/ # not good # bag # need # new # one
And that's exactly how I hoped I would spend my last night off before my work week starts all over again.
Ah, nothing like a brisk jog at midnight.
This is the perfect time of year to not be able to fall asleep # finals #BYU
Seems like everyone's camera was broke today. Even a pro photographer's
I keep getting hot and cold flashes and I can't sleep so this is great.
Gee hawthorne police dept. thanks for doing your job and protecting the residents of Hawthorne during that 99cent store incident.
You hate it because you don't get it, don't you?
Hospitals are an awesome place to try and get some sleep... # please quiet down # stop slamming doors
Remind me to put  next to tweets when I am being sarcastic. Or emoticons. Otherwise people get upset.
Yeah sure, I need linear equations to cross the street for coffee like how John Cena needs that to throw a punch. # finals week
Hmmm twitter wants me to follow all these super fit ppl tonight. Twitter, you know I ate cheese fries for breakfast right? # healthy
Once never trends one Twitter anymore...I wonder why.
how dare twitter not have any prior knowledge of my personal life and actual interests, it's borderline shameful...
Is the game even fun for the # W a r r i o r s anymore? Win 21 and counting. Everyone saw the court too.
I don't think there are enough Instagrams and snapchats of everyone's menorahs
Not scripted at all. Very real. <- # rolls eyes # u g h #Work Out New York
Also I hate christmas and cmos sensors are a horrible thing we live with. If you don't hate me yet congrats
I get those jobs, with her trying to help and me trying to let her help without letting her push or hurt herself. So MUCH FUN
#90 day fiance Nikki is the only daughter and she can't procreate. Her parents must be so proud
I thought tomorrow was Sunday and I was like no I don't wanna to go work tomorrow but it's Monday so life's good, yeah good
Looking forward to a week in Livonia, MI.
I just love selfish people who lie!
Taking away my gun will DEFINITELY prevent criminals from getting guns illegally. # gun control #Come And Get It #Who Will Protect Me Then
Down 18, yeah, keep giving it to Gore, why not...?
After the longest flight ever with no food I am SO EXCITED to sit on the tarmac again and wait for a gate to open up!!!  #A Merican A
Heard a rumor Tom Brady threw a pick-6 in a loss today. Wasn't sure if I should believe it since I didn't see any tweets.  #NFL
No invite for Bracco?? Are they serious?? Yeah good luck USA..............
Just what I needed tonight. Thanks.
#Keeps Me Awake At Night panthers are 12-0.. so depressing. And what's worse, the Warriors are 22-0.
I would like to thank my English teacher for not chilling with the amount of homework she gives
I am shocked that THREE of our players have been hit in the back of head by Baylor players.
It's like finding out my favorite love song Is about sandwiches & I don't do sandwiches.
Defunding health care instead of addressing our high mass shooting rates... Sounds like America has it's priorities in order!
You lea r n s o m ething new eve r yday. Just found out that Muslim is now a r ace. # r and o m # nonsense
Basically, we are doubling down on the interventionist foreign policy which has gone SO damn well for us in the past.  #Obama Speech
So I missed my train Gonna have to wait a whole three minutes for the next one. # Damn
Being sick is awesome! Watching anime all day
God don't I just love late night uni work
# O b am a : ISIL is so conventional, easily defeated on battlefield, so we got this thing, done deal, no problem.
I've never been more moved by a presidential press conference.
and that makes so much sense ..
I missed the President's speech. When does President Obama come for my guns? Is there a sign up sheet? # c o politics
How dare Ayesha Curry tweet that she only wants to take her clothes off for her husband
Can't wait to hear and read he ignorant shit people post about Obama's speech tonight.
I feel so much safer now, thanks Obama. # o b am a speech
Oh hello insomnia , how nice of you to rear your ugly head. Don't worry it's not like I have to be up in 4 and half hours # insomnia
Obama once again did a bang up job!  in all honesty he did a shitty job and speaks out of his ass
Don't you feel safer now? # president i al address #I S I Snot I S I L #Second Amendment # Freedom
Of I feel so much better about terrorism after that Obama speech. # what a joke
I don't know about the rest of you, but I sure feel a lot better about ISIS after hearing those words from our President.
Can't wait for all the Facebook status about Obama's speach tonight
Stronger screening? Obama is a racist!!!!
I guess that makes up for it.
I feel soooo much safer in my own country. Thanks for the warm and fuzzy feeling prez.
Man! There goes our playoff hopes
Did Kane set a record or something, you would never know looking at my Twitter feed.
The R a m s are doing so great. They definitely deserve a new stadium. # R a m s
Fucking refs screwed New England on that last play of the game.
I wonder what the NFL's work release program is. # a a r on her n and e z
The Eagles beat the Patriots. Is the Brady/Belichick combo on the hot seat?
The Eagles beat the Patriots! The Eagles are going to win the Super Bowl! Chip Kelly for president!
I really think politicians can fix all of our problems with public education. ( )
My internet keeps going in and out and that's great because I have to take a test tonight....
I've made 200 tweets. Only 999,800 more to get a prize!
If President Obama comes out and says everything # B re it b art wants him to say I'm sure the right would suddenly support him fully.
So glad we have Dave Bolland for 3 more years at $5.5M a year to center our 4th line.  #Fla Panthers
Oh darn,josh kline hurt? But hes suuch a great lineman # obviously . every freaking time ive seen brady on his ass, 67s been close by
I think the Patriots were offsides on that onside kick.  #N Cvs Clemson
Chiefs averaged 34.3 points/game in November...the two missed points will drag that number down this week.
Saints D comes up big again......
Wow the Pats haven't given up 35 unanswered since before I was born #Bradys Done
I’m so proud that my son has learned how to burb on command before learning to form his first full sentence. # in the g en e pool # f b
I love PAT chaos, this is just what the #NFL needs more of.
How does Demarco Murray have ONLY 6 rushes!?!? #What A Waste #Nice Job Chip
Gee, maybe Brady should stick to receiving. # what is going on here
Hey #NFL thanks for replacing this #P H Ivs N E for #C A Rvs N O for the game of the week..good job #Fly Eagles Fly # eagles
So nice to see former New Orleans Saints players doing so well on other teams!!!
# panthers winning ANOTHER game vs best D in the # n f l ! newton for MVP!!!
Brock being carried by his D and run game smfh, bench him
make your FTs slacker # warriors talk # d u b s all day # du b nation # defend the streak # we are champion ship # blue and gold blooded # we are warriors
Working 72 hours a week for the next month sounds amazing..
I'll see everybody on Broad St in February! Were back! E A G L E S EAGLES! Super Bowl here we come #NFCEASTCHAMPS #EAGLES # C hip
Wooooooooo!!!! PLAYOFFS HERE WE COME!!!!! # Eagles
In the work of # peace , we must maintain a tight grip on #Critical Thinking while steering clear of # s a n c t i mon y , & # hate .
I see the # Chiefs have not made any halftime adjustments. That's awesome. # analysis
Man I can't wait for my timelines to full with anti-POTUS remarks in a few hours. Such  friends. Still tired from the usual droll
In all excitement today I just hope # Bills fans remembered 2 sit so "regulars" weren't upset # Bills Mafia # stay home # Buffalo
I'm so hungry I might be writing this tweet from the other life...
Been slacking the past few weeks...gonna hit the workout hard tomorrow and I can't wait # kill me now
I just love how government can infringe on our right of freedom of speech when it's against something they believe.
"How do you not know this? I'm a ' law yer ,' which I'm pretty sure is French for 'kind of a dick'." # t sl # funny # law yer # law
So glad Philly got rid of Brandon Boykin to pick up EJ Biggers. He's so good.
Wow...that Eric Fisher was one awesome pick NUMBER 1 OVERALL!!! # Chiefs
bro I've been a crew fan since I was like 2, I love them
Oh my gosh did Blount just reverse his route and not run into the pack? holy cow that's ingenious . #P H Ivs N E
A nonsense conversation. Thank you guys for ruining my sleep. I really love you.
It's refreshing to see the best goalkeepers in the league on display.  #M L S Cup
Some great keeping in this #M L S Cup so far
Cooper dropped a ball. Obviously it's because DJ hayden is playing # raiders
A ban on guns, of course! Couldn’t be any less effective than the current ban on murder.
Ah, the yearly wheeze has arrived... YAY.
Excited for that 6 hours class later.
Dear Josh Brown, Thank you so much for that kick. It was fucking amazing! You sir are the greatest man in the whole world!  #WTF
And to follow up on my previous tweet: I'm glad the Dodgers signed Utley. Really fits the mold of going younger!
Good wifi coverage in that abandoned block of flats en route to Syria.... # Home l and
"Idk what ph balance is, but I'm pretty sure you can't pee it out." # t sl # lawyer # funny
Thank goodness my local Fox affiliate is staying with this game. Giving the people what they want! #A Zvs S T L
Pinion could've have kicked a touchback right? Smh! #49 e r s
Hey, at least they have 4 days to right the # Vikings ship & work on Teddy's throwing elbow/technique.
About time they pull Dalton and put McCarron in only took them 12 games.
Omg. Deadlock. No one saw that coming  #X Factor
Well, in the # B r owns ' defense, it was a short week. # hit re set
Isn't it so great having a defensive guru as a head coach? # j a g s
Can Schmidt kick field goals? Just wondering. # Bills
Please give us more #S Fvs C H I , #N F L Red Zone
Smart play. 3rd and long, best try a short run...  #Houston Texans
Falcons have 0 yards after the catch today. # sort a
Field goal? What a waste of a drive.
Good thing Tanny has more input in the play calling. # Dolphins
Hereeee we go with the OUTSTANDING 4th QUATER defense by the NYG ..
Nice to see the Canes are rewarded as the 4th best ACC team with the Sun Bowl.
The vikings wont be on top for long. I know that's surprising considering they always win the NFC north and superbowl  #Go Pack Go
You know what's better than going to tax class for the past 4 months? Re-listening to the 2 hour lectures 2 days before the final
Woohoo! Already to the 20 yard line on this drive. .
Damn. Iowa should lose impressively more often.
Seriously? I am in impressed Robbie. And Langford appears to be running better than Forte? Awesome  We cannot lose here boys.
Omg you can penalize the Seahawks?!
All these animal torture and kid starvation commercials are getting me in the mood for the holidays!
I see Jimmy Carter was in church this morning. God won't fix cancer you right wing gun toting nut job.  #San Bernardino
If anyone wonders why I'm increasingly using  tags, it's because I've had strangers repeatedly assume I'm serious lately.
"Look. Just because you are 'offended,' doesn't mean I was being 'offensive.'" # t sl # law yer # law # real talk
Yea, lady, you totally just cut in line in front of me. Thanks for acknowledging it.  #X Mas Shopping
It's still a mystery how males can become tougher just by drinking booze... How does that work!
I don't always fuck up , but when I do , I FUCK UP BADLY # trying # not # to # cry
Way to be aggressive #49 e r s under 2min in half & kicking away in the 3rd quarter. #Fire Geep Christ # n f l # frustrated fan # beat the bears
on a lighter note, ouat is on tonight woo hoo
It makes me wonder how people can stand my constant negativity. # y o u w o t m 8
I really gotta stop wearing this "please tell me what my ex-girlfriend is up to" shirt to work.
# B r owns I would keep Johnny Football on the bench .
Imagine how good Robertson would be if he got the run of the balls occasionally
Ohhhh red zone struggles, you're so fun.  #A Z Cardinals
Odell Beckham Junior dropped a TD. # B um
Nice to see the # Dolphins offense responded to the OC firing
Why in the world would Browns rush Mingo AND Kruger
Overtired, cranky children paired with this # B r owns game..... perfect little Sunday.
My team is doing AWESOME today.  #Fantasy Football #Need A Better Second Half
David Cameron reaches 10 years as leader of the Conservative party. What a glorious 10 years it has been.
I never noticed it, but I look like a scared pussy in most of the fanarts I receive. Those jump scare montages sure did their job!
We're super deep at receiver, we'll be fine.
Man I really thought auburn had a shot at the college football playoff!! I'm heartbroken # h ah ah ah ah ah ah ah a
Really glad the # Cow boys got rid of Dwayne Harris
Glad to see the NFL officiating continues to be good.  #H O Uvs B U F
Of course if you roll out of bed in the middle of the night your makeup is perfect. A++ realism, movie.
When the Ortiz brothers go to their Mensa Meeting, do they carpool or go separately?
Another day, another one-handed catch by Odell Beckham Jr. Yawn... #N Y Jvs N Y G
It's ok. Defense is overrated. # b i l l s v s t e x a n s
is not # insulting ; it is #Intelligently Insulting. # fy i
I love Christmas shopping. I love people hocking their horns and cursing. I love the traffic.
Is 'Love Actually' funny outside of the UK? Just curious... # Christmas # film #Love Actually # b r it is h humour
If I was Locke on the sidelines "Hey guys, you see that punt go inside the 20, yeah that was all me "
hope my waiter doesn't blow me away with her personality
I just love it when I screw up royally on something for work & get a text about it! Really makes my day! # major fail
Boy I can't wait to watch Ohio St. and Huston in the Fiesta Bowl.
I like it how god created Light in Day 1 of Creation and then made the light source on Day 4. # Religion
I love it so much when my paternal grandmother tries to get on me about my weight.
Peter Hitchens says all he heard in Hilary Benn's #Syria Vote speech was emotive piffle. Should have taken his ear plugs out then...
If climate change & evolution r real, ppl r gonna b in for a rude awakening when these sad polar bears turn into angry sea bears.
Democrat logic: OMG a bomb just killed a bunch of people. We need to restrict guns so people can't make bombs. Seems legit.
Wow. I love Milner. He's amazing. I'm so glad we're paying him so much, he's very derserving. # l f c # n e w v l i v # y n w a
There's nothing like being completely in the dark about someone you care about. Its awesome.
So $BLUE just get lucky in the begining? how shocking!
Looking forward to writing about research approaches to 'spatial concentrations' in social policy over Christmas # not age o g rap her
Sick as shit. Brady don't feel good either. This is going to be an awesome day.
Flyers lost 6-1. Other team didn't even line up to shake hands. Teaching these kids great lessons.
Ya im so experience now. If i dont pass then who will ?
Big shout out to Hope for calling my mother at 3am to tell her I was tripping on weed and needed a ride home
No, no, it's fine. I'll totally rearrange our lives around your 9-5 M-F job that's just so tough. # shift work
My  is just me being honest with you
RT loonydepartment If you judge a book by it's cover, you're missing out on judging what's on the inside too, duh !  #Learn Not Judge…
If you judge a book by it's cover, you're missing out on judging what's on the inside too, duh !  #Learn Not Judge #Mental Health
Just seen a # b re it l in g TV advert. So # class y - makes me want to go out and buy one. # no class
Good to see Mourinho giving credit to Bournemouth for their terrific win yesterday!
Ironing every piece of school uniform is my favourite thing to do!
Start work at 10 but been awake since 6 sweet start to the day
#You Aint No Muslim Bruv but why are Muslims NOT speaking out?
O f f icially done with the shit that goes on in # f and o m s . , # s n a r k and blatant # bullying are not the same f ucking thing.
It's always best to avoid the hard questions with a question of your own
Who needs friend time when you have two jobs. . Please hang out with me.
Really good to see that the #Big Ten Championship game was exciting # horrible # D is grace to the #Big Ten #Buckeye Nation
I love being on duty on a Sunday night. When everyone else is out there having fun. I genuinely do.
I love you 7:30 Classes. Thank you for making my day brighter.
My oh my. Too much Democracy, Malaysia! Slow down a little will you!
Still not started anything. Would like to thank you for the ONE reply i received lol This page is too hot to handle
The mortal migraine is back...perfect Sunday! # poor health # o u c h
Nice one Andrew. You REALLY had IDS against the ropes there. Real scorching stuff ! # Marr
Zuma, you must be so proud of the legacy you're leaving. #South Africa # junk status
Some lovely people in this world! See my last 3 rt's
Judging by my twitter feed it's another positive news day for Labour...
I see Kenny has another lineup with diverse POVs on #viewpoint.Henderson, Albrechtsen and Simon Cowan. # a us p ol
What about something like a "Diary of a # Capricorn "? And in Czech or English or both? ;) # Capricorn Diary #Life Is Great # K o z or oh
So the war on drugs is being won then. # S t ere o sonic
I'm confused. Is Obama Muslim or Atheist? You keep saying he's the anti-Christ so how is he both. # this con versa t ion though
A lone wolf attack? Clearly masterminded from Syria. Bombing totally worth it. # mar r
Another warm sunny beautiful day in south Wales can't wait to go biking pfff
Twitter, I appreciate you following new people for me.
Getting called a bitch for reminding people about quiet hours is totally the best # i hate you all #R Aproblems
I want to live in a world where the #Food Network delivers.
Typical!! No reason to be awake at silly o'clock and I'm lay here watching Dino Dan!! #Loving Life !!!
My favorite part of starting my own business is tax paperwork! It's the best thing ever! The IRS makes things so simple!
Every time I come to Houghton it sucks....
Asphalt potholes in # b u char est are carefully designed to challenge the # drivers and not let them fall asleep at nights # hero mayor
Chelsea will win the league next season 1. Chelsea 2. Derby 3. Nottingham Forest 4. Burnley
Well I found my dog, thanks to all your retweets. # nobody cares about my dog
Don't forget to buy The Giving Tree as a xmas gift for someone special this year! # go re y 15
I love rude people! # shove # it
Love how Iowa is trashed, dismissed as "out", as if going 12-1 makes you a total bum. Gotta love college football
Fire Ferentz. Clean house. Change QB's. New offense. New defense.
When you find the sippy cup straw that you thought you lost weeks ago.
So excited I get to be at work tomorrow from open to close LITERALLY
Went shooting. Forgot earplugs. Only a 1911 45 cal. No big deal. # Deaf
Refs gonna call that one back..
Idea to reduce mobile network traffic: Implement #Odd Even Formula to reduce call drops.
Big ten refs are very good at their job.
Don't make it harder 4 people 2 purchase guns/ammo cause god forbid we actually did something 2 cut down on shootings # gun control
Isn't it so nice to be ignored. :)
You lose an 80 yard TD but get 15 yards from the penalty as consolation. Good job college football!
Well at least South Alabama has basketball to look forward to now.
I wonder if Obama tries to say Syed Farook and his wife were NRA members tomorrow night in the Oval Office Address??
That pass wasn't Kessler fault guys!  #USC #SMH
I hope yall realize this was a #Premier Box in g Champions fight! Everyone say "Thank you #Al Haymon"! #Genuine Sentiment or # Box in g
Why would u want to pressure the QB? Touchdown Iowa
Couldn't they have let the defense rest? # hawk eyes
I bet Stave makes that throw!!!!!
I would hope that the Knicks will put Porzingis back even tho he has 5 fouls. You're allowed 6 before you're done!  #NBA #DFS
"I already told you mine Myū." "But if World Peace is out of your leauge, a nice, Fluffy scarf would be GREAT."
Remember everyone! Racist symbols are a-okay! You can openly support the confederacy and slavery if you're a fursuiter!  #MFF2015
My tweet about # Y a j n a for # Chen n a i # floods was a . Did anybody take it seriously?
omg if my life just keeps getting better I think I'll be the happiest person ever! # what even is lifer n
Wish I could just not give a shit about exploiting animals and destroying the planet like my Christian family :/
guys I put up my christmas tree tonight, who wants to see a picture?  if you post a tree pic I will unfollow you.
Thanks Vegas...all over the Houston and Sacramento total
Design Trends Rule: You have to scroll at least 5000px in order to have a modern web site. # design # u i #web design
Ok now Sam Mitchell, be sure to leave Towns and and his 20 and 8 on the bench until 1 minute left in the game. # Tim be r wolves
Boy I'm surely glad the rest of these championship games are setting the example for truly great football. # s e c
Right it is inexcusable he should've him in his knee...
Well someone called me to work and TADAA!! im at work # Great #Work Work
Pretty sure that Dabo didn't call that fake punt. # Just do your job #U N Cvs C L E M
Hey Clemson coach, way to show leadership.
Hope Teasdal feels good about that decision lol
Convo's that abruptly end are the best....
Went for dinner at a Stanford hangout. The golf claps and whispered excitement each time they scored was inspirational.
Twitter was clowning Bama when we only had 2 points around this point. Guess 3 or 6 is much better.
Saturday night as a homeowner # Excitement mixed with # intrigue = :)
Woop woop 4 hours of sleep tonight for 9 hours of work tomorrow. No I'm not gonna die of exhaustion # still drunk a f
I wonder what will my 18 year-old me say about me now, I'd really appreciate a second opinion..
Fixing elevators is so fun! I love it!
Why yes, working a 15 hour shift IS my favourite thing to do on a saturday # so dead
Thankfully, as a teacher, my job eval depends on the performance of 16 year olds on a test, not 20 year olds on a football field.
I need my safe space...They just played the National Anthem before Iowa/Sparty. This song represents our imperialist history.
so glad to see unbiased reporting by my favorite # e s p n anchors
Gotta love those days where everything is perfect at work and you even get to smash your hand between trusses!
44 carries, for only 189 yards.. 1 TD and 1 fumble.. Yea. Looks like a heisman winner to me...  #Baker4 Heisman
Eating 2 meals a day when I'm working 12+ hour shifts is doing me so much good
Yup. That sure does look like the number 2 team in the nation
I'm sure Saban has Henry running the ball in a 2 score game with 5 min to play so he can get 2,000 yards and not to secure the win.
I just love it when my computer freezes while I am working on a website & I lose everything!
And there Florida goes again showing how much class they have.
ooo word classes... so much fun # Re vision
Man SEC football is so exciting . Please run more dive plays out of I-Formation and Singleback #S E C Championship
Getting spiked in the ankle during a race is great.
I'm sure the Sunday paper front pages would have been the same if the South was under water.  #Cumbria Floods #Storm Desmond
Alabama winning puts a cherry on top of this fantastic week I've had
RT 20Montgomery: Oh boy I can't wait to watch the # B r owns tomorrow # factory of sadness #Go B r owns
Oh boy I can't wait to watch the # B r owns tomorrow # factory of sadness #Go B r owns
Police called at the Economy Inn. That's a first!  #Scanner Stuff
if we keep guns away from innocent people, terrorists won't get them either.  #itsapeopleproblemnotagunpoblem
Tory austerity cuts are good as we don't need council workers, police, fire brigade or NHS staff saving lives in Cumbria tonight
Florida seems to have a really strong passing game
"How did he not know that was illegal? ... How did he not know it was prostitution?!?" # lawyer # funny # t sl
Had to keep the neighbors in check and leave a strongly worded letter. Because, I have found in the past, those do a lot. # passive
I'm sarcastic so much that my own dad can't tell when I'm being serious or not... this might be an issue
Heidi is the type of daughter everyone hopes for. Her parents must be so proud of her!  #Cant Pay Well Take It Away
How can places sell tix for different prices to adults, kids, students, seniors, military, etc? # doubles t and a r d # equality
Only took 27 minutes for an offensive touchdown to be scored in this game. I’m loving it! #S E C Championship # bored
"Smh........unbelievable that Maye was in the vicinity & didn't make a play on a pass" O
Ed Olcyk is available. Just sayin.
Holding? On an Alabama opponent? I didn't know you could call that.
I know one thing for sure this Pens team has enough scoring why would they need Sprong
Steph starts off 4-4. 11pts. In Toronto, of course NBA TV wouldn't show hottest ticket right now. Great PR.
I love it when i put my art in a folder; then lose track of what folder it's in and when I made it.
Is there a football game on today?
' , just one more service I offer...' Spotted on a bumper sticker.
OMG! Did you see that??? Not the punt return for TD...we kicked a PAT!!! #S E C Championship  #Go Gators
Florida special teams 7 to Bama special teams 2. This is a barn burner...  #Go Bucks
hmmmm thanks twitter from randomly unliking pages for me!!!!!
Florida beats Bama, they should be in top 4, right?
Another blisteringly exciting SEC game. # no offenses # overrated #S E C Championship
Kansas looks soooo awesome at home today vs. powerhouse Harvard.
Can't get enough of the SELF-PROMOTION
Behold South West has been born......or whatever the kids names going to be. #Kim And Kanye # stupid names
Cant stand watchin this awful #SEC football lol.Every offense in the #Big Ten would make both Ds look silly,right? #S E C Championship
Oh no 5-0 run from Charlotte we’re screwed
A better (progressive) use of prayer is to play it over the sacrifice of an innocent child #Scandal A B C # abortion
Thanks Muschamp for the UF defense
I need to get out of my comfort zone...like trying on clothes that I'm not sure about. # but really though # fashion problems
Just in time for my favorite ... Reggie N' Bollie  ... #X Factor
Gallagher Iba sure is loud and crazy today # p e s s i m i s t i c fan
I like how my Twitter handle is from when I was so into homestuck I made fantrolls.....
Well I'm back at work for another 16hrs! Yay me.
I just love how the new version of #M S Word has fucked up the formatting on every past Word document I've opened so far. :-/
# k u b ball i sure hope So. Miss has more injuries on defense.
10 page paper and a 5 page paper due tomorrow... living the life. # college p robs #Livin The Dream
"You can't sue Toyota just because you're a shitty driver." # t sl # law yer # funny # law # toy o t a
That's OK dad. Feel free to blast sinatra while I'm editing upstairs. Audio is not important. # editor problems
I love it when people stare at me
We need pipe bomb control. #2A #Gun Control # T e r r o r i s m # Guns # L e f t i s m # Fascism # C o n s t it u t ion # un cons t it u t ion al #San Bernardino #PP
...I bathe in that shit.... # l ol # L ma o #True Story
I know how to solve the problem of gun control! Let people use guns, but tell them they look kinda gay when they do # joke
You vote for Tabdeeli? :P I will tabdeel your vote! # A c ha sorry #Motto Bhai — feeling Bhai feeling Naughty
I'm really impressed with the sweeping mental health care plan put forward by Republicans.
Love it when people play music on the bus.
That awkward moment when you tell a Liverpool fan that Chelsea is the best and they get offended  #YNWA
Another great performance by the match officials today  #Wenger Was Right
Love that like Chelsea. Unreal final third play !
Say thank you to every social situation and you are set. "How are man? Thanks!" # awkward # it works though
You can't beat washing your hair in cold water to wake up before getting ready for work # cold
Ivanovic not making the most of a good opportunity to get a cross in? No surely not Ivanovic!  #CFC
"Luke as Luke # o mg so original # l u k e is a genius " rn my favorite tweet
Kannell is right about # Baylor crossing the field to fight...No penalties so it's all good right? #T E Xvs B A Y #Hook Em
People are actually considering voting for Donald Trump... #God Bless America
home is where you can look ugly & enjoy it.  #The Right Kind Of Wrong
So I just turned on #T E Xvs B A Y score is exactly what I thought it would be.  #Go Pokes
<3 when people act like human concepts and constructs are immutable laws of nature. ( ) They're not; they can change. # social change
Cool that Oklahoma gets in without playing today.
If UF beats bama, I'll bet the committee puts them in the final four. Cuz you know they can't leave out the SEC # S a c r i leg e
I'm starting a new social media platform that allows you to upload videos up to 3 seconds long. It's called "Vi-"
Truth Or Dare with friends .............. Yay!
What's up with you miserable old fuckers on here tonight it's Christmas bloody cheer up, have fun and enjoy !!
Whooo Black Ops 3 yaaay.  #Playstation Experience
# ne en ah yeah keep on selling guns to everyone guys. Good job.
#WKU defensive coordinator looks like a real pleasant dude. VERY mild mannered # s m t tt
What else do you expect from # Baylor thugs. Art Briles sets a fine example.
#KCA #Vote J K T48 I D lindsey_buskirk: Working on my car was just what I wanted to do today.
Working on my car was just what I wanted to do today.
I really enjoy when people disguise their bigotry and racism by referring to it as being patriotic.
You know the best way to wake up: kids karaoke right outside your window. Fucking wonderful. # p l skill me
is just another free service I offer. #I Should Get Paid For This
Today, gutters were choked in every nook and corner of Karachi in the memory of Mustafa Kamal ! #L B Election # Politics
Guise. Can we all just agree that Lexus has the best Xmas commercials w/ the car teleporter & drop the click-bait headlines?
So it's raining & cold in December in Perth. It should be 35-40, it's 17 degrees. But sure. # climate change ain't no thang.
Wow my decision making has been above par lately # sham b les # send help #shitneedstogettogether A S A P
Switching to NFL and Basketball. #Van Gaal That
This is exactly how I wanted to spend my day off.... # wish i was home
My official opinion for the past 12 hours: Cool, guys. Real cool. # thanks a lot
Jamie Vardy's on a poor run of form #Barclays Premier League #Leicester City # top of the league
Jon Moss is a shit referee. Who thought I would be typing that? # w b a #W B Av T O T
1)When I heard new BBC thing before programs with people singing two two two, I said to myself: "that's not going to get annoying"
I suppose I should be held responsible for other people's actions too, huh .. lol ..
OMG are we really gonna play one holding mf with Memphis on?!!! Follow the philosophy LVG
The weekly trip to Sam's my favorite.... .
My coworkers like to think that I look like Adele.....hello it's me No pun intended  #Pun Completely Intended
Warren Sapp is a pillar of integrity. #Wife Beater # Pat riots
Umm, hello? There is one name that should be at the top of the new coach list. It's already on top of the stadium. #Bring Back La Vell
Thank you Kylie Jenner for posing in a wheelchair for that photoshoot. You are SUCH an inspiration to us poor disabled folk.
Don't worry about that ripped jersey ref!  #COYS
Not heard the commentary mention that Arsenal had a bad November much
Honestly well excited for an 11hr shift in work tonight!
Remember when I posted a thing on Facebook, & you liked/commented? I’m posting it again because Facebook said so, so like/comment.
City really should play Demichelis in every game. Both he and Otamendi are really good defenders
I fucking love being stuck on the doors, on my own, with a bunch of football dickheads in the pub.
Oh Yay. Another Climate Change Denier on # b b c radio 4 # b b c r 4 # climate change
Don't worry fellow #S T L Cards fans. At least Garcia is still around
Jack "but" land vs Joe "hart" in today's game. And they talk about taking the human element away from the game. #STKMCI
Michigan State is winning the National Title. You have to have three quarterbacks to win it
45 min o f sleep in 2 days g o tta l o ve it... # rip t i o o r l and o # h a n k s playing mind games
Whoop whoop! I'm back in cripple mood. I do love walking with a limp # arthritis # steroid injection
I love it when I come home from work, THERE IS MORE WORK WAITING FOR ME AT HOME. (:3 」∠)_ ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )
Don't you love being awakened by a tummy cramp
Feeling like shit at the boy likes an ex's status/pic. Great -_- "WHY DON'T YOU MARRY HER THEN!!!"
Who doesn't love 4am fire alarms??
Great, I get to see the sunrise on a Saturday morning.
Yay Christmas songs on the radio # g r inch
I've discovered that my laptop is man. Since it can do only one thing at a time ! # men
because Killing # R i s h t e d a a r s # N e i g h b o r s is Illegal... #Beta Kya Kar Rahe Ho
Profile pictures of some people are hot. So hot that u are afraid to accept their friend requests. # Face book
Your opinion doesn't define who I am. # Start up # en t re p re ne u r # Fun #Shoaib Mirza
I always enjoy hearing some British guy talking about what problems in America.  Shut Up Stupid!!!
Hunting for comment typos in # Swift on #Git Hub. Maybe I could contribute by fixing some.
Too excited to be working 12-6pm and 8:30pm -4am tonight
Love sitting at work in my boxers waiting for my trousers to dry after getting soaking wet from the barriers! # great start to the day
Love being able to hear stereo from home.....
Gee, I wonder why Art wasn't up for this? # d m talk
Yes friends I'm no longer sick I'm all better thanks for all your concern  #No One #No Friends
No cars in the ancient Middle East, so not sure what Jesus would do with the wheel if you gave it to Him. # does n t even have a license
Wow chada kayong ending sa scorch trials. wow. .
You marry a girl with a Science background, your life would be based on the theme 'Every action has a similar reaction'
Cannot wait to run in the wind that has kept me up half the night, in a Santa suit on a beachfront and pay £12 for the pleasure
Well that was super fun... More fun than it was in the beginning even. # feel like death
Kassian and De La Rose for Simmonds. It worked in NHL 16 so it'll definitely work in real life. # i wish # H a b s
4 broken candles and a little boy pissed all over the floor. # work was fun
Do you know what I love more than anything? Waking up nice and early on a weekend, that's totes my favourite thing to do...
World class performance from Mr. Rohit Sharma. :D :D. What a talent...
Checking their twitter accounts and I found something entertaining af. Great job kids. You never fail to amuse me.
Lets # re name # Society as this: #Electronic Circus - # Direct lines ( in # music # video #modus Operandi ttps://youtu.be/suN-TBGCHDY
Oh just how i love c o mm un i cat ion !!! Cus there is sweet stuff all!!! # c o mm un i cat ion # black sheep
But how can Caitlyn Jenner be charged with murder when Bruce caused that car accident and he no longer exists?
Another clopening shift...my favorite... # closing # then opening # retail # work
Oh I'm so glad I woke up on the couch just in time to see that # B ruins # eye roll # fuck !
Because blocking anyone you disagree with is a very mature and rational course of action -
So, I just finished watching a movie called "White Line Fever" and all I can say is: Oh. My. God. #Must See  #Shoot Me In The Face
#Thai Takeout and # Net f l i x . My exciting #Friday Night! # p r o c r as tin at ion
It's not like we didn't give him permission to take pics of us. Right?
So glad Erika Christakis is leaving Yale. No bedrock principles shot to hell in this scenario. None whatever.
When you can smell the weed from your neighbors house and you want to yell.A share is caring B grab a flashlight and yell police
I am so excited to get up at 7 am tomorrow and go to work!
If you worked out and didn't snapchat, Instagram a picture, or check in... Did it really happen?
Obama needs to set an example on # gun sense . He should disarm his personal detail.
I would like to thank NASCAR for thinking about us Canadians. # i d i o t s # same old crap #N A S C A Rawards
Oh hey, we're on this show too! We supplied the raw material for the drugs, apparently. So proud!
.Not sure I would leave the fertile recruiting grounds of Provo for Virginia.  #BYUFOOTBALL #U V A Football
Why do people make it sound like it's a bad thing?? Sorry if ganun ka youthful ang fez ko peeps and that you can never have. Lol
Glad the Dodgers are giving Brett Anderson 15 million ....
WHAT? Another SLM Cup-Drivers-Kid DQd in tech??? Say it ain't so.
Holy crap!! I left my gun home all day by itself and nobody died. I know!! I'm shocked too!
Poor Farook didn't have friends and was introverted... Malik, that sweet house wife, really got him to come out of his shell...
I don't know about you but Price got cheated, easily worth $40M a season IMO #Red Sox
Friday night, just finished unloading a truckload of firewood I cut/split tonight. The excitement in my life needs to slow down.
Greinke walked away from $71 million for $206 million... What was that guy thinking?
If the ingredients contain things you can't pronounce, it's probably REALLY good for you... And probably organic...
Just saw the batman v superman trailer. Great choice for lex luthor. # F u c k j esse e is en be r gm an
What?!? Scully's a doctor?!? NO! # obviously #X F Rewatch X Cops
It's cold outside I wish I was snuggled up to the warm barrel of an automatic assault rifle or 10 because that's legal.
Well that's a good start # b ruins
I love when people keep inching forward at red lights yet when it turns green they don't go... # pet p e eve
At least my bowling is as good as my crappy awful day. # is this stupid day over yet ??
Really excited the # J a ys named the assistant GM today.
My parents are arguing! Yay! # Oh joy
# b l i z z heroes nothing more fun than getting fully alpha'ed off the field by Nova when your playing Valla.
She has 10k followers on IG bro, you can't get her!
#MLB Greinke to the # D i a m o n d backs Which analyst is going to say that called that one? Wow Insider Information
I'm so glad they didn't whitewash Exodus: Gods and Kings
Woww.. greinke is a D-Back.. canntt waiitt for this up coming season.. dodgers rotation is that much better.. # big things to come ..
Wow. Zach goes to D-Backs. Must have been those sharp looking new uniforms that put it over the top
The Greinke signing on same day as uni unveiling. Just throwing that out there as on of the perks Zack had to consider
Just turned on my computer with my new card. My background looks the same. Hate it. I want my money back
When your dad is so sarcastic that you don't even realize that he's being sarcastic... s m h ... # s m h
I met an immigrant who obtained their citizenship. It took five years and cost $3,000. So basically it's really easy.
Good non call #1 by the # Z e b r as #N J Devils #P H Ivs N J D
Whew, I almost made it through a day without being trolled. I was getting worried.
I forgot. Black jerseys tonight. Yippee.  #Never Liked Third Jerseys
# s an be r n a di no feel so much better that baby was left w # faro o k live-in grandmother & not dropped off before murder rampage
I when the trolley car smells like fresh pee
"5% of the worlds population owns 40% of the guns in the world." God bless the USA # peace
It's 2015! Why do we still have traffic.
Watching divers' heads hit water repetitively from great heights. Makes me think we should ban diving too. # s n a r k
re: aleksandria's nightgown : nothing's sexier than thinking of your grandma #90 day fiance
gripping at someone whom you know is upset/sad and blaming them for feeling that way, may not be the best way to help them
Remember fellow # p l e b s , it's okay to let rich people treat you like # dirt , as long as they promise to write you a large check
Living in a bad neighborhood is just great.  indeed
ITS NOT ABOUT GUN CONTROL ITS ABOUT RELIGION CONTROL, B/C GUNS DONT KILL PEOPLE. BELIEF SYSTEMS DO.
Cubs are paying Lackey 16 million a year? I guess that makes sense, since 37 year old strike throwers don't grow on trees.
Was accused of being 'slightly sarcastic' today. Was gutted as I was going for 'bitingly sarcastic'!!
Just a # nice girl with a # pot t y mouth and a little bit of
Just sent out the invite to the company holiday party. This is SURE to give me a whopping 700 emails come Monday morning...Yay...
So Bronco is scared to play Utah in the bowl game...that's gotta be it, right?
when there's a mass shooting and you try to ban guns, ppl love big government more. # maybe # red eye
Wow it is SO convenient not having a working toilet in our apartment!! I can't express how much I LOVE living here.
let's play the shame game with my guilty conscience .. .. LOL .. ..
A terrorist attack?! Who knew?! Shocking!!! # du h # wake up people
#San Bernardino gunman bought his weapon in Texas! Big surprise there.
Of course the PS2 emulator on the PS4 won't support discs. Obviously, the tech just isn't there to support discs.
it's so nice to see my dad taking care of somebody else's kids. he was so great of a father to his own 3 yah know
Just Relax folks...Farooq & his bride really were motivated by the threat of Global Warming... # c c o t # t c o t # tea party
well I for one am shocked and apalled to learn that MSNBC is a garbage news channel. I mean I just did not see this coming.
I like how my Friday pay checks come on Saturday now. # s u c k a d i c k # g i mm i e my money
Oh, what fun it is to change your car battery in December...
I demand high dollar hits for every box I open!!!  yo :-)
She: I don't want to LOOSE ppl from my life. Me: yu'd definitely LOSE me with this. #Sorry No Sorry  #If Only Yu Get It
Dermatologist appointment procedure mostly made me crazy sleepy. Off to work. Hooray.
Been the best birthday week ever.
Not all girls are made of sugar and spice and everything nice Some girls are made of , # wine and everything fine !!!
When I was ass out with my funds low It's nice to know I had the whole world at my front door.  #Cole World
Studying on my day off. This is exactly how I wanna spend my Friday.
I love that trap music that you play so loud it makes our whole floor vibrate. Please, play more.
5 1/2 hours to go, woot woot!  (been here since 8 am )
Liz is freaked that Jason will find out her secret and runs to Nic. Oh yes us viewers believe Liason is true love # puke #GH
I just did an ECG on my teacher. I wasn't nervous at all. Lol.
I am SHOCKED. SHOCKED I SAY .. that the shooters pledged their allegiance to ISIS. Just Shocked.
Is Miami big enough for Barry Bonds AND Mark Richt's ego?
Barry Bonds is now the hitting coach for the Marlins...?! I can see this going real well. Ha!
With both Mattingly and now Barry Binds many teams might fear the # M a r l i n s coaches coming out of retirement
If people get 2 know about the amount of oil in my skin,the US might stop attacking middle east 4 oil. # fact # skin problems # teenage
Welp, added three functions to a C library, it must be time to add a new language to my very # impressive # resume .
Glad this Odeon screen aint freezing cold
"No, 'but it was fathers day' is not a valid defense to towing a boat with a 0.15 BAC." # lawyer # t sl # humor
I can't believe the media is in the killers apt in #San Bernardino. Make sure there is no bacon with those eggs.
Oh I just love when my baby does those rolls in my tummy. It's not freaky or weird at all.
I love fucking with the people on Facebook. They have their heads way up their asses. Not at all like you guys on Twitter.
I’m okay with global warming if that means I don’t have to scrape off my car in the morning anymore.  #ireallyhatewinterthough
#BB9 Hats off Rochelle for beating an OLD man in a PHYSICAL task.  intented. Roch & Mand are the actual bullies here.
Just saw a twitter account of a boy and the irony is HER tweets are protected.
But hey, remember it doesn't matter what we believe. Our beliefs don't inform our actions. Nope. Nosiree.
Ugh, we ONLY added 211,000 jobs in November. Thanks, Obama.  #Thanks Obama
21 Syrian refugees are arriving in Houston on Thursday. I fully expect Texans to give them a warm welcome.
Come dine with me fun Friday night starts here # pizza time
# swift l an g just did revolution in programming world. Now need all rewrite on swift.
I really love working on days the office is half empty.
Just calm down! Our president just said that this was an isolated work-place issue. # delusion al # blind man # global warming
Love the fact that we need this guy Deano Blandino for rule reassurance after so many games this yr.
Love it when people upload photos of their Xmas trees
My favorite part of Boulder is the amount of Subarus trying to be sports cars
They just added another year to the Pelfrey deal. 3 years, 24 million.
# Funny how your Man has become God in your life soooo who needs God when you have a Man?? ...I'll Wait.... #Rethink Relationships
Being sick during finals week is the best thing.
So the female shooter in Cali stated her support for ISIS but I'm sure they are not linked.... . Wake up
Almost time for the work X m as do. Moderated drinking and sensible behaviour only of course. # X m as
"Channel" with a malay slang = on purpose lol
Traveling the scenic route to the mall. Why go the quickest route when you have bus of 11 adolescent/adult students with # autism
Lots of activity in my batch of # c h i 2016 reviews
South Africa all out for 121. Must be the pitch again that's doing it for India #Indvs Sa
So many # re pub l i cans thought my "babies are humans" tweet was serious instead of the # s n a r k y it was
One WHOLE day off, how did I get so lucky? Aloha! # one day off only
You know what's fun? Getting to Kroger and realizing that you left your debit card at home when you get to the front of the line
And a stydia v Stalia question already. Yay.
Well, I can tell already that this will be a productive work day.
Early morning debating of plural and singular possessive forms...good stuff.
Trump is going to be here in Raleigh today. Ohhh joy. # politics
Can’t think of a better way to celebrate the NFL’s 50th Super Bowl than having a British band play the halftime show.
Love that the girl that was offered a job out of us 'open contracts' still needs to ask me questions about her work/what to do.
Unbelievable. Thanks, jerk. Not trying to teach or anything.
"More like I'm caught in a bad Bro/Sis-mance.." #NP Bad Romance (Lady Gaga) "Oh look! It's Kilgrave..Day /so/ made."
Another month of solid robust jobs growth numbers in supposedly disintegrating Socialist Republic of # O b am a #USA #Jobs Report
Duh... of course awkward girls in Taiwanese movies & shows wear glasses. Awkwardness causes nearsightedness, right? # S t ere o type
The old Roli's venue on Taylor is now Imperial Palace nice to see more businesses opening up in Laredo.
You tell me to go to hell? Bitch, please, I run that joint! Lol!  #Snappy Comebacks
Hey wear your brain! It suits you very well.
How is Bo Pelini not interviewing for all these open cfb jobs? He guarantees 9 wins every year according to my tv! # free market # g b r
# Di l w ale #Janam Janam # K a j ol looks like a firangi. What a transformation (think Baazigar).
Can't wait till we pass some new gun control laws. That'll show 'em. # gun control
Hell you mean they were terrorist? Doesn't all young couples have a bomb lab in thier garage???  #San Bernadino
Oops Love On Top by the evil Beyonce is playing on my phone...bad Daniel Bad! Such a bad song this is right?  get it?
You guys, if we just love the terrorists enough, they'll stop! I mean, who are we to tell them their way of life is wrong?
I have to get ready for the day's torture session. What joy!
I dont care its 7 in the morning i listen to bass music and the people who work with me love it so much
ah I finally got some time to read what the NSC bill is. Wow I didn't know we're on our way to becoming Panem
'Don't go to Oldham (in the UK) it's full of terrorist sympathisers.'
I can't believe they are going to do an all white version of Dolly Parton's family for #Coat Of Many Colors. # why are people so dumb
What is Africa offering China? It's a partnership, isn't it? It's not begging for alms, right? #China Africa # Nigeria # Africa
Oh hello Friday I wasn't excited to see you at all  #IAMINLOVEWITHYOUFRIDAY
Don't you know that everything in America was changed by thoughts and prayers? It the only way things get done.
# Di l w ale #Janam Janam # k a j ol looks like a firangi. What a transformation! #Dollopof Salt
My neighbours are smoking pot at 8:30AM # healthy
Never settle for the "regular" truth when you can have the "shocking" truth. # C lick bait
Oh for f%*k sakes. I really need to get a job where I'm not considered an essential service. #liquorstoreisnotessential # n l w x
I love hardware designed and made by software guys...
1st 'Rolling in the Deep' n then 'Hello' - love # Adele voice but as a dude I think #Bunny Boiler much?!?!
"Naah this is not a good wicket. The ball's doing things off the surface, it can't be a good wicket!" - Sunny Gavaskar :)  #Indvs S A
Omg! Shocker of a pitch. Disgrace...BAN DELHI ALSO. 60/5 SA. #INDVSA
Vegas shut down. I forgot to save. yay life
Apparently believing in things I've seen evidence of means I also believe in the tooth fairy. You learn something new every day.
Leadership is like a pie eating contest except the prize is more pie. # shit my chef says # chef life # quotes # quo tables # funny # humor
I'd be shocked if drugs had anything to do with the death of Scott Weiland
Kicking off the day with some ironing (the romantic side of owning your own cooking business)
The answer for less shootings in America are more guns because if everyone had a gun, no one would want to use them. Genius.
YOU must really place a high value on what you selling.
We waited more than 500 days and many many years before that but finally we found the person who represents us.
I love being awake at 3am is only ever said sarcastically # insomnia # truth # tired
And so tmrw, more cleaning,a break for a routing doctor visit, or else they hold my meds hostage, & then...more cleaning! Whoo hoo!
Is it really studying if you don't post every move on social media?
You know you're having a good night at work when you get kicked in the head by a 95 year old woman.
I really, really glad today was unproductive for me.
Early morning at Cph-airport. ♡ But that's okay when you get to do promo for a whole day.  #next Stupid Question
Oh my United flight is delayed, what a surprise
Dude I love how much you don't care. # selfish much
America is just one well-timed terrorist attack from electing a demagogue. But LOL, at least he'll/she'll be a "real American."
So I fitted my professor for bras today..... Yup not awkward at all
Sometimes I am even amazed at what comes out of my mouth
The actual meaning of " Dafli Wale Dafli Baja " Is " Mind Your Own Business ".
Lol, who doesn't love a hypocrite? I know I do.
Friday tomorrow ! ..... Can't wait to close
If I were a hot woman, I'd have 10x the followers. This supposed patriarchy white male privilege crap ain't paying off for shit!
# fuck k on am i best twitch hashtag I've heard being said in chat. #thankstwitchchatbejngwvwnmorememe
If Mike Carey agrees it should be a face mask, then it must be so, right?  #The Lions #Go Pack Go
HOLY SHIT GREEN BAY BEAT THE LIONS WOW SUCH A GREAT WIN ?
I love it when my packages say they were delivered, but really weren't. # not
Yay guys we beat the lions...
Looking forward to the next episode of # T rump ire # t r e v or no ah # the daily show # d o n a l d trump # worlds greatest memory # why is trump so amazing
That's cute so they just gonna use part of the tear jerker finale song in the beginning #The Wiz Live
I came. I saw. I felt awkward. # l ol
Geez don't get TOO excited Bruins fans....
If only we could have put Barker in before Towles throws that #Pick Six! #Oh Wrong Sport #When Does F B Start  #We Will Be Fine
Finally, just have one essay, two critiques, 3 exams, and 2 juries left to go! .-. # finals week
#Black Ops3 did not win GOTY from #The Game Awards !??
Wonder who BlueCross Offensive MVP is if Big Red don't give up lead ... # C h and le r #Beast Mode
My greatest mental anguish is 'Entry Level' jobs needing 3-5 years of experience. #Lol Okay
I love eating by myself and having no one to talk too.
I need to see adults posting selfies constantly on FB
Hey the # P reds did their part and scored 1-goal. Once again our goalie did not hold up their end by shutting out the opponent.
So the first points in four quarters were a conventional scoring play. # Packers
Helluva play call by Clements there. What vision he has # Packers
"Did I ask for your opinion Eggman? NO!!"
"I wish Chris just left my life!"
I love checking my phone to see all the texts I haven't received
Nice weather conditions for drying out clothes.. # mundane life's harsh reality intended :)
Just turned on the game....Packers have 0?! Awwww I'm sad....
You know what would have been fun though # total der ailment # but not
Cleaning out flash drives is so much fun.
Fargo, seriously try to be better. # b e s t s h o w o n t v
Thank you Green Bay Packers. Didn't wanna make the fantasy football playoffs anyways
Boy I really hate seeing the # p a c k e r s struggle. # chic ago bears
Wow, is the Green Room sponsored by "Star Wars: Battlefront"??? I wonder...  #Eye Roll #Game Awards
Yea football fans love # Cold play # no one likes cold play
I think it's safe to say Mary J and I are on the same level as far as dancing goes. We crush it! #The Wiz # yea i cant dance
It's like Frank Cignetti is in Tom Clements body and calling plays out there...and might I say he's doing one hell of a job
Undertale is trash confirmed. i will not continue my playthrough of the game because it did not win an award. #Im Shallow
Does my wife make me look gay? rotflmao  #dontcometochurchifyoumakeuslookbad
On a positive note, we're 100% from the FT line! #BBN
I love these 3rd and 1 calls! I wouldn't call anything else, we just need to execute them...
The silliest excuse a boy can give you? "Oh you wanted a future, I wanted a relationship". Eh like honestly dude fuck you # c heaters
Yay. Partially torn ligaments in right hand. This year cannot end any better. # s h i t s c ram
Fair weather fans are my fav  #BBN
Our govt has done such a great job of controlling things. Spending, the border, drugs, crime, just to name a few success stories
Ugh, im so not ready for Christmas, i think i get paid the day before, this is going to be fantastic. :(  #Holiday Rush
Thank you guys for the birthday card. P.S. you forgot to enclose the million dollars! Lol 󾌴
Late night in the library, oh how I like equity and Trust law
Rodgers playing like the best QB in the NFL
And another shooting in the States today. Still, keep all your weapons America. Keep on setting a great example.
Hey Wild fans... Did you know that the Wild are playing an outdoor Stadium Series game?!  #We Get It #Still Two Months Away
Of course, it bounces off the uprights!  #G Bvs D E T
# Fantasy -How many blows w/ a baseball bat it would take 2 mess up that roadkill #Donald Trump calls a hairdo. #I Havea Dream
Does anyone know what the Department of Homeland Security does? #San Bernadino  #Kind Of
Shooters with ties to terrorism? No way! Weren't their named Jim and Tom?
You know what's awesome? When you're brother snapchats you that he's engaged to a girl you hate.
Well looks like the packers are coming out nice and sharp tonight...
I'm so glad congress is taking away health care which prevents illness & doing nothing to prevent mass shootings.
I see the offensive play calling is much better this week. # go back to what worked
Great help by Biyombo.  Fell asleep in the lane.
"let's let children discuss Roe v. Wade!" guess no one saw anger coming
*shrugs* I think Carrie Underwood could have done it better. #The Wiz
MB dog food now packed by Purina, now there's quality. # W o of
Gerald Green is still in Miami, right?  #Cmon Spoelstra #You Are Coaching Like Jason Kidd #O K Cvs M I A #NBA #DFS
San Bernardino, California, Massacre Suspects Could Have Terror Links (Really? I'm shocked and dismayed!)
My favorite part about visiting my parents is the criticism and complaining
Glass does what he does best. # n y r v s c ol
Are you a suspected terrorist or mentally ill, then you definitely should be allowed to buy guns. # e s t u u u u p i d
Great scientific argument from Piers Corbyn: 'look at the graph' # this week
"Fortunately for you, MedMal is one of the 3 things I do better than play World of Warcraft." , # t sl # law yer # law # funny #erm law
Oh no!!! Another shooting in a GUN FREE ZONE?! How does this keep happening?
she look like she about sneeze lmao
"Occupational therapy? WHAT occupation? The guy is a pimp. No literally, a literal pimp." # t sl # e r ml a w # law yer # funny # law
Gotta LOVE auto DMs that are now 5,000 characters long! YEAH, I'm gonna read it all!
Man the world is a messed up place. I'm sure glad I can depend on Facebook to keep things real.
Somebody please help me! I'm soooo scared of climate change and global warming!
I love how everyone becomes an anti war, keyboard crusader on social media, preaching their opinions. # Syria Vote # Syria
Wow. So glad I am watching qt! Now I fully understand the argument for bombing Syria. # b b c q t
Children, I shall force you to PERISH during the night. I shall DEVOUR your brains as I watch you sleep. # strong verb #Bob The Elf -AW
Weeknd comment was  for the laymen
Thx Hidden Valley Ranch 4 making 2 ranch "dips" packets lk exactly the same but w/ 1 minuscule change n the ingredients. # g lute n
BUT BUT BUT why didnt the police shoot the terrorists in the arm or leg.... why did they have to kill them....racist cops...
Finished my homework and it's not even midnight. So glad and happy and not tired and ALL! Good for me, i guess. # school is annoying a f
#B B C Papers has three more ultra-right-wing bastards yet again?... Cool. !!!
You're very smart Hilary. If the law-abiding citizens give up their guns, the criminals will as well.  #2nd Amendment Strong
back in Sunny Buck  again today, what an interesting day
Defunding planned parenthood, huh? This will go well, I'm sure of it
id say that was a pretty good day
Both of them are coming for Christmas, she will have my kids and ex's kids for company. They are all similar ages!
I know when I think of stadium sports anthems, # Cold play is always at the top of the list! #Super Bowl
I woke up already having an anxiety attack before I even opened my eyes. Glorious is the life I lead.
It's nice to know that there are people who are never wrong - what would we do without them?! Read above with heavy  ;-)
defunding PP is a great idea bc women don't deserve breast examines, and other necessary checkups for a low price. great idea.
You heard it here first. Motion rating does not matter # Sam sung # Wow
Here comes Bindi on sunrise. Cannot wait to hear her talk.  #alwaystalkslikesheshostingsomeshow...
Love when companies pass the buck between each other.
She gone text me as she walking to the bus stop "Thanks for walking me"  ...you know what I said "Thanks for leaving me"
Good news. Just got a call-from a Louisiana number-that said I won a free cruise to the Bahamas. Man. How lucky am I?  #Ihung Up
Losers bracket wohooo fun fun fun fun fun
Man I love driving I80 south of Chicago traffic is awesome with so many smart drivers
Kids last (half) day at school. So glad we have no internet or power at home when they get home early.
If there's one thing I know about # n f l fans, it's that they love British emo bands. # Cold play
Can't wait to hear the extensive list of upbeat and SuperBowl worthy songs Coldplay has to offer this year...
I love getting emails to track my package, and when I click on the link, it says it can't find my package.
This day keeps getting better and better ...-216.6 on GPBUSD
Let's stamp tweets with  or #FACETIOUS when we are,in fact,being such? PPL can't see the obvious&the stupid replies R killing me LOL
Cigarette smoke is exactly what you want to breathe in while you are exercising.
"Believe me, nobody is accusing the chiropractor of billing a reasonable amount." # t sl # law # law yer # humor
Welp, that's another SB halftime show not to be watched. Good job #NFL
The #San Bernadino shooters obtained their assault rifles and ammo legally in the US #Because Freedom #NRA
#Workplace Violence # terror ist attack I thought that we had #ISIS undercontrol? # eye roll # c o mm and e r in chief # wool over his eyes
"I'm a california - licensed 'bring everybody back down to earth' machine." # t sl # e r ml a w # lawyer # funny
The NFL heard that you like artists that have mass appeal and sell lots of records, so they booked Coldplay. # c y n i c a l t w e e t s # humour
instead of typing out " thoughts and prayers " just go with T/P or T&P. lots easier! :( # thoughts and prayers #San Bernadino
just as i suspected..... GREAT DAY!
I've been friends with my mom 4 years. Thanks Facebook... Bringing people together. # my mom is the coolest # you cant sit with us
Work should be fun with this pounding headache
The Senate has voted to defund #Planned Parenthood which is great because that is obviously America's number one issue right now.
I love being sick and having stuffed up, bleeding sinuses.
But parents would never fight in front of their kids # shit people say
4 people have to be hurt by a shooter. Raise that number to 10 and mass shootings will go down. That's how it works right # America
Nothing beats the feeling of bombing a math quiz!!!!
You know has been a good final when your classmate starts crying walking out the room.
Awesome people..  for stupid/idiot/infedel people.. Lol
bcs d shit out of pple is illegal...
How are we supposed to tell which "natural-born middle-class Americans" are secretly Muslim terrorists?
Urban Outfitters down 6.5% today. Maybe $URBN needs to buy a burrito chain to go along with its pizza restaurant?
#Loretta Lynch continues her Emery-like rampage against FIFA
I'm so glad your a grown up
The mind is a terrible thing to waste.... IG that's why mfs stay in school go to work and stay humble
Pretty sure I broke my finger. Sweet
Just the advertising Go Pro didn't want. "Catch all your Islamic extremist jihad action as it happens"?
This week just keeps getting better
"San Bernardino: 12 pipe bombs found, motive still unclear" really? It's definitely because of marital jealouse. # t e r r o r i s m
No sir, we've got 42 computers here and not a damn one is connected to a printer. Just ignore the foot-high sign. # library life
Oh hurrah, soon on Android I can have the unicorn emoji. I have been waiting all my life for this.
War and bombings are so very good for weapons manufacturers and greedy capitalist developers. Well done, you men. # v i l e n e s s
Karachites if more of the same is dear to you #Choose Kite Choose Well
Shoot me. People shouting suggestions always works.
Grim Thursday night at work.Chuckles is a joy to be with.
The # F l o o d s were pretty bad on way home, I would have taken a picture but I was on the phone....
Biotech ETF $IBB down nearly 3% today. Did Hillary Clinton tweet something again about drug prices?
I love how drivers think putting their phone on speaker & holding by their mouth isn't #Distracted Driving.  #Yeg Traffic #Be Safe
#The Doctors Mike is right Maggie - there's absolutely no chance the rabbit will catch anything in the lab!
Don't be credible...be INcredible!!! # word play # hilarious
I'm sure the Syrian refugees we're taking in will join in the fight against islamic terrorism like the #San Bernadino Shooting.
It's a surprise the Houthis haven't reached Riyadh up to now........
The suspense is terrible.I hope it'll last. -Willy Wonka #Willy Wonka #Willy WonkaAndTheChocolateFactory # S mar t ass #Side Eye # C lap back
Oh my - the trains are fucked. What a surprise! That never happens!! # south eastern
If you're gonna hit on me on the street, please don't end it with "ma'am" # now if eel sexy # if eel old
To top it off, monthlies started today. I'm feeling just fantastic about everything!
My online teacher has now been MIA for 3 weeks YAY TO SCHOOL AND ONLINE CLASS
wow cant wait 4 the new #Shaq Fu game # or not # it we et u decide
This I have learned in 11 years of school 1. I am an idiot; 2. All the other idiots, too 3. London is the capital of Great Britain.
Bollywood actresses are unaffected by cold, heat, moisture and dust in Hindi movies. They are super women really.
I missed cyber Monday can I still use the code # but also not
I must have politicians and the media validate my opinion and views. Why won’t they say its terrorism?  #San Bernadino Shooting
Wow! John was the killer all along??...who would see that coming?  #A H S Hotel
Shout out to CBC for never cancelling school. I really love driving in the condition the roads are.
After the horrible event in Cali, wonder if 0bama can find a greenpeace or EPA conference? That will show strength...
person: wtf did you just slap me?? me: no dude my hand wanted to give your face a high five for being smart.. # what a char me r
Reported Trump to Israel to meet with Netanyahu. Purpose? To inform Netanyahu that he is Rich...Really RICH! #2016 election
I love when 50% grey is XORed #UX #U X Design
I don't try to be sarcastic, I just say what I have to
I'm trying so hard these days to be a man crush Monday..
Dude, why stop at cow farts? What about pig farts & goat farts & PEOPLE FARTS? What if it's ALL BAD??? # doomed #Racing Extinction
Ah yes, let's bomb Syria. That'll solve ALL of our problems. Innocent lives don't matter. # dramatic eye roll
Oh theres our hissing snake in chief with his smarmy face again.....i feel sooo much safer now!
I love it when people say mental illness is just an excuse  #Yourethe Worst
I love a plant evacuation in the morning...
BO3 is such a well made game...
Good job, Microsoft, your new Windows updates made everything SLOWER. Totally loving it.
We took the test 5 minutes ago, HOW does she have them graded
You know, the worst thing about all these # mass shootings is that my favorite evening politics shows are always getting preempted.
If I commit a heinous act of terror, I hope everyone blames my Norwegian descent. It would have to be the reason.
If we conduct better background checks on CRACK/METH users we can eliminate illegal drug use.  #2A
Well if they are muslim they have to be terrorists right?
It's not even 9am and I can already say I'm not coping well with today. Awesome.
Oh, good. I get to do more bloodwork.
I work in a bldg that's high risk for mass shooting. But comforted by the fact it'll be followed by a hashtag # p r a y f o r s my r n a
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
I really hope there is a better gun law so criminals don't follow it and I can't protect myself.
When your professor says "your such a girl" so you make sure to add sequins and glitter glue to your essays.
She's literally coughing up phlegm and being obnoxious. Not to mention, she's picked her nose twice. # life goals
Syed Rizwan Farook & Tashfeen Malik=Perps Motive? Uncertain Farook & Malik...probably not terrorists.  #San Bernadino #Wake Up America
The 10-year reunion rumblings have begun. Oh boy....
They shouldn't of had a Christmas party offending those poor Muslims  #San Bernadino Shooting
I love how the old guys at my job have all the answers to gun control. It's quite impressive.
Wake n bake. Then yoga. Then job hunting. Then knit. Today will be lit.
driving lesson of shame..done, dreaded dentist visit done what a Thursday
Having a ball in the office on my day off
Common guys... Rohit sharma just need 2 eggs to convert his 1 into century
Dear America, Keep sending out prayers and thoughts since they did so much the last 300+ times you did. # gun control #San Bernadino
# Dent ist said I shouldn't drink pop, flavored water, iced tea and juice. # W t f do I drink now, morning dew off the grass?
Wow I love when people include me it's so much fun  #hopeyourealizehowrudeyouare
keep all your great ideas to yourself # insert # here
A smaller loss for $SHLD. But sales at Sears and Kmart plunge. Who cares though, right? Sears is real estate company, not retailer.
I can't believe that the Dawn of Justice movie only lasts 3 minutes, and I thought the movie wasn't due until next year
John is the 10 commandments killer. That was a surprise.  | #American Horror Story Hotel
Muslims attack innocent people = blame guns = progress # s m h
"You find it offensive?".I find it funny"..that's WHY I'm happier than you. .
Weather news, video game article, shootout with 14 dead, financial news... Boring, usual day. # gun control #San Bernadino
#Pray For Syria? Really people? Does it have the Eiffel Tower? Does it benefit you in any way? It doesn't, right?
Yeah I definitely feel like going to school today...
Eyes just going in for testing. I am really enjoying having poor eyesight
"Women and children" let them all in. What could happen?  #Wake Up America
Sayed Farook name of the San Bernardino shooter. Sounds Irish right? #Prayersfor San Bernadino. # quoting davidbrown
My blanket smells like my dog's pee, how sweet
More guns needed? Great idea Huckabee & #GOP....that will solve everything.
#Syria Vote Afghanistan: Roaring success Iraq: Roaring success Libya: Roaring success Syria: Probably another roaring success
It so funny how you go off tangent about shit that don't make sense and take 40 mins on one slide!!
SUCKelco is the beeeest! <3 <3 <3 <3
Ugh I absolutely LOVE nights when I # cant sleep # G r r r
Oh, sure, why not kill him too  #Agentsof S H I E L D
Waking up to hearing the B's reverted back to their reduced effort is awesome, #Bruins Fam
If you have a pet cat, it loves you so much that you can see it on its face.
Talking about Android security and ads in the Google premises… # Bo t con f
Syed Farook.. Probably a Christian or Catholic.. Right Obama? Not a chance in hell it could be radical Islamist.. Right?
When you own and drive a luxury car, are you really g ran t ed the license for stupid and selfish driving? # ran t
But so long as we kill like 3 terrorists, the inevitable deaths of many innocent people will obviously be worth it.  #Pray For Syria
"There's a Tutor showing up on FR24, possibly heading to Syria?" # Face book
Most sarcastic train manager 'apologies for overcrowding, this will get better in 2019 when crossrail is finished' #GWR # commuting
Fake prize to whoever writes a formula for calculating Christmas joy vs number of Christmas decorations # Christmas
My feelings are mutual, and don't wonder why if I talk to you nonchalantly with a callous face... # fragile #callous Face
I really fucking love being an obsessive person. It really makes my life easy.
The next 48 hours should be fun...
Communicating, talking and holding dialogues, silly 'womanly' thing. Best to drink it off till the mind becomes numb - like a man.
397 people voting for something on behalf of 64.1 million people. Sure, can't see anything wrong with that.
-sighs- and here comes the 2am mood crash...and its early! Woo!
If there's one thing that's always worked in the past, it's dropping more bombs.
Good to know we have good guys with guns, or there would be, like, mass shootings everyday and stuff.  #San Bernardino
There are so many more people on my social media feeds educated in world history and politics, than I thought. # i d i o t s
I mean, I'm totally not interested in seeing a movie with Batman and Superman in it at all.....
Morning rush hour. Train half size as normal and every 2nd door broken. Welcome to German transportation <3
I'm about to shock the Twitterverse but I'm a Marvel & a DC fan I know WHAAAAAAAAT 8O
I have an exam tomorrow and yet I've not been able to study at all. Failing is going to be great for my overall grade # losing it
The #investment(emotions) in # relation ships seeks #ROI, few turn profitable and few fail to.Few others turn into # charity # An a log y
Allowing my to show through my final project # risk everything # graphic design # sorry not sorry # college
Remember, it's always "mental illness" if it's a white guy, and it's always "terrorism" if it's a Muslim
So huh, Is mental illness contagious or were all three just simultaneously mentally ill. I'm so confused  #San Bernadino
In other news... We're gonna start a GoFundMe for us brothers to go to the Vegas bowl.  #Seriously Tho
#San Bernadino Because disgruntled violence has NEVER happened in this country.
# Syria has got to be the real superpower since its withstanding bombings by almost the entire 1st work airforce # the world needs peace
"Strive for greatness Tay" # motivation #somepeopledontmakesense
BYU being dirty? I'm shocked. SHOCKED  #U T A Hvs B Y U
twitter is good for current news. it is so current that even my fandom news got to me before I even watch # fan girl problems
Adding emojis at the end of a sentence makes it truthful
"I pack a chainsaw...skin your ass raw..." Sorry Fred, that doesn't work, I've tried it... #Music Gives Hope
I love how social media and the talking heads on cable make public policy so simple. # l ol
# In tolerance in USA #California Shooting no one is blaming obama the way be indians blame # m o di !! # weird
Well nobody saw that coming  #AHS
dook might possibly have the very best team in the history of basketball. Brandon Ingram is the next coming of Kobe Bryant. Wow!
So let’s see… #San Bernardino was caused by workplace violence and climate change. Oh and the NRA. Did I miss anything? # t c o t
I love the Spotify website # i t s u c k s
#San Bernadino Gun Control will bring world peace
I love being ignored. It's like the greatest feeling ever!
The only threat to America is global warming guys, don't worry  #Pray For San Bernandino
Violence..... that's the way to get what you want AND the way to solve problems # wt f
Perplexed that a criminal would not obey the postings of a "Gun Free Zone" and that shooters are peace loving muslims #San Bernadino
Can't think of a better way to end a 10.5 hour work day than rehearsing a presentation you're giving tomorrow # practice makes perfect
Brandon beat Swift Current in a very tight, 8-0 game
*....but he was such a nice, quiet boy that never bothered anyone.....*  #San Bernadino Shooting
There's no more Tinder profiles for me, I've reached the end of the Internet.
Watching this game, it's so obvious that the # U t e s and their fans don't even care about #BYU anymore...
I love when I'm trying to watch a movie and people come in and start talking to me about things that don't matter and won't shut up
It's ridiculous how fast people text me back! Like slow down, give me some time to put my phone down.
I know, we struggle with communicating on D. Let's play a zone which in no way requires communication # i u b b
What??? This is NOT a shooting by #VRWC groups???? shocked shocked I say! #San Bernadino
The owner of mini car knows the car spare parts so well compared to japanese car owner ! Wakaka # top k e k
“what’s your favorite position in bed?” near the wall so I can use my phone while it’s charging.  #The Right Kind Of Wrong
How did Uncle Owen & Aunt Beru age from CW protagonists to grandparents that watch NCIS in 20 years? #Star Wars #Revenge Of The Sith
Sooo because my sister didnt properly train bella when she was living here, I can't have a dog. That makes sense.
Wow, I'm like soooo surprised to find out the Ten Commandments Killer was John. #A H S Hotel  #Been Calling It
Oooo didn't see that coming  #A H S Hotel
my condo building had a fire alarm tonight. standing outside with 50+ people was fun.
Whaaaaaat he's the killer that's suuuuch a shocker wooooow whaaaat sooooo shocking. #AHS # ah shot e l # a me r i can horror story
Here we go again with fuckers shooting stuff up. Good job y'all
Aw thank you, Delta! My flight is already delayed and I haven't even gotten to the airport yet. How lovely.
I'm slowly just starting to fuck up everything in my life & it couldn't be better!!!!!!!!!
Just when you've had enough of Adele's 'Hello' song Josh Groban's Christmas music comes in to save the day.
Yep. Just an argument at work that got a little out of control... # t c o t # c c o t
Love it when my phone's messaging app decides to not send and receive texts. Good times.
Yeah, #San Bernadino Shooting has all the signs of a disgruntled worker. assault rifles, pipe bombs, explosives, yeah sure. # t c o t
Multiple people. Multiple explosive devices. Tactical gear & body armor. Sounds like routine workplace violence to me. # c c o t # t c o t
Wonder if ppl in San Bernadino will protest police having armored vehicles? #TCOT
Who in the world would go into a holiday(Christmas?) event and shoot those people celebrating a "holiday". Just doesn't make sense.
I would like to thank my Dad for the gift of the most common ancestry surnames in GB, Ireland & America. # g en e a log y
This person Anderson Cooper is interviewing right now sounds like a Rhodes Scholar.
Of course FBI is trustworthy.  #Criminal Minds
Los Angeles has lost two NFL teams before so let's try a third time! Seems like a grand idea, right!?
Good thing they didn't let those Syrian refugees in. Someone might have been shot. #San Bernadino
Good news guys Ive done a 360 n fully support signing Buehrle # supposed to be 180
Well, the world is a mess, but hey! Science will save us so it's alright! # why do we live like this ?
Waiting for the press to announce they found Syrian passports at the shooting scene. # too soon #San Bernardino
Dad's taking my car away and im in such a good mood right now
The fact that Joe wants Abi out of the game over anyone else goes to show you how great of a mastermind he is # Sur vivo r #REN
Police confirm that the San Bernadino gunmen used assault weapons. I'm glad we got rid of that ban in 2004.
So, people on the TSA no-fly list can legally purchase firearms. Because that makes sense.
I say today’s mass shooting was exactly what the founders had in mind when they wrote “well regulated malitia.”  #Whats Wrong With This
Initial reports: One of the shooters, the guy who was at the meeting & returned, is Bob Smith, a Lutheran farmboy from Iowa.
Syrian refugees are Americas biggest problem.
Felicity already knows about Oliver's son. Thanks to Barry. Thanks Barry.  #The Flash Arrow Crossover
I am having a hard time wrapping my finger around how a mass shooting can happen in a state with such strict gun laws? # California
Yeah another empty away arena...gotta love # R a p t o r s road games.
Oops MSM got it all wrong. Go figure
"In other words, not a Paris style attack.." OH THX I FEEL WAY SAFER NOW.
I just realized Bernie is right. My bosses must be controlled by corrupt politicians. That must be why they treat us so bad.
Off today but I'm at work till 9 yayyyyyyyyyyyy
Do ya just love people who tell you your not doing your job right?
Let me take this time to promote my boyfriends bands show on Friday because you know that's really important right now # priorities
Remember when a problem exists it is best to completely ignore it.
I'm sorry. The left and liberals are so dumb sometimes. Why do we arrest people? Fuck it. Eye for an eye is wrong!
Please remember that it's never # t e r r o r i s m unless someone shouts 'Allahu Akbar'. Also helps if they're brown.
"Fate had it that I continue living Chris but that wasn't my choice..."
I'm allergic to stupidity, I break out in .
"I said my life... Was PERFECT... without you!"
Guns used in #San Bernadino Shooting most likely already illegal. I know the magazines were. # gun control works
I wonder why there are constant shootings in America.....  #Ban Guns
Hooray, another mass killing by white dudes!  #San Bernadino #Stop The Madness
#Syria Vote so the best way to deal with IS is by killing innocent civilians in Syria? Makes perfect sense.  #Fixing Wrong With Wrong
# T y t live southern cops taking the freedoms of black people...... Nooooooooooooooo.
So glad that our strict gunlaws in # California prevented shooters from killing more unarmed defenseless people in #San Bernardino
uh-oh, suspect went into a church proves he's not muslim right? must be a christian who was upset about #PP and #Climate Change
# p b s news hour #San Bernadino Shooting but hey it's not fair to be concerned about # guns in white guys hands
3 spontaneous shooters very well prepared as per # G o v t source Which is it & is source same 1 who thought up # B e n g h a z i movie motive
When will California pass gun control laws??? Oh wait. # I d i o c racy #San Bernadino
Because going to war and killing innocent civilians isn't at all like terrorism and won't create more terrorists at all
Mass shooting? What? Wait... are the refugees already here or...? #N O P Ejustwhitepeople
Watching Viagra commercials with your in-laws is the best.
Can't wait to hear about Gun control tomorrow at class and how it'll solve our countries problems...
Hmm - why would police need armored vehicles? That's seems so excessive.  #San Bernadino
Love how I arrived 5 mins early for my appointment only to be still in the waiting room 45 mins later.
# s y r i a air strikes Today I learnt that college students have more knowledge of international affairs than members of Parliament.
We should definitely make guns illegal bc the criminals who already break the law will surely follow that one
I just heard a teacher say, "what will I do with all this extra time?"
I love that I'm loved so much by Kane's dads family.
Wow, I can't believe there's an active shooter in #San Bernardino Thank God this never happens
Apparently according to my fb it's disgusting to be calling for gun control with bodies still warm. I guess prayers do so much more
With so many thoughts and prayers going out over the past few years you'd think gun violence would stop. # gun control
Wow, good job MPs. I feel 100% safer about living in London now.  #Syria Vote
I've got an idea, why don't we cause widespread damage hoping a bomb only affects a single person a time??  #Not In My Name
Better go stock up on your guns and ammo. The govt. is coming for them. Seriously this time.  #Fear Is Your Only God #San Bernadino
Aaron: "I'm glad that our voices are heard in the completely fair and democratic system we have in place".  #Syria Vote
Another day, another mass shooting. Access to guns isn't a problem... Domestic terrorism, what's that? #Gun Violence # gun control
I just love our "justice system." # lack of justice #NOMORE # not a victim # a survivor
Driving 45 minutes to talk about my rape for 90. # pumped ( )
Last few # t w e e t s , keep telling yourselves that # climate change isn't real.
I feel safer already #Syria Vote # Air strikes
Only one dead in Houston? They're not trying very hard!
Chyron: "Hundreds of others in building safe." That'll certainly be a consolation to families of the dead/wounded.  #San Bernadino
It's always fun watching the fashionable stance about a piece of art emerge.
Don't worry it will be over by Christmas  #Syria Vote
Another shooting in America? Let's continue to work on banning Syrian refugees.
well that vote result on the amendment means that they'll vote through the military action in Syria # terrific
This shooting in San bernardino must be caused by climate control!
Gosh darn-it!!! If only those disabled people had guns on them to defend themselves, this never would've happened!!!  #San Bernadino
3 papers and 2 exams and a lab practical in the next two days so thats gonna be great! :) # i love college
When people yell at me on the phone at work it really motivates me to help them more. # i hate you
Scott playing the diva. But this won't be the last you see of him!!!!! Promise!!!!! # b b cap p rent ice
All bombings of Syria so far have worked so well, I guess we just have to join in and do some more! # insanity definition #Syria Vote
Nope, nothing we can do about all these shootings.Nothing at all.This is all perfectly normal.Carry on.  Time to renew the xanax.
Out of sesh 36 early, snuck into end of TEACH in Mariners for a coveted spot in sesh 47. # door girl hooked it up #FSATC2015 # winning
so many shootings & the worst part of it all is that literally the only thing we can do is pray & nothing else could ever change it
#San Bernadino gotta love all the people making up Middle eastern names and claiming they know it's the identity of the shooter
You'd think that with California's strict gun control, these shootings wouldn't happen..I thought gun control worked..  #2nd Amendment
Totally shocked at that statement about Tony and Purple, Lady C. Your still nasty. And I bet u wouldn't have served them. # i m ace le b
Another mass shooting. But wait, it was caused by ISIS or a Syrian refugee?!
Can I pray for San Bernadino or is there too much going on in LA to care?  #This World Is Fucked Up
Awwwwwwwww Joe Allen's gone off! #LFC
I love having a sore throat
"Civilians are dying on mass anyway" so let's add more bombs! Great work gents!  #Syria Vote
Shit with K lop p as our manager innit? #LFC # K lop p
Why shouldn't we bring terrorists here to live..we have such a handle on our own countries issues. # we have bigger issues # n o s y r i a n s
Regarding today's shooting, the suspects r 3 white males. We can breathe a collective sigh of relief that they're not terrorists
Your car is banged up and dented.. Yet you text and drive...? I'm baffled. Why does your car look like that? Please tell me..
3 white men killing innocents r just murderers,if they were Muslims they wud hav been branded as terrorists # California
December is turning out to be a great month.
America isn't taking this whole "terror outsourcing" thing sitting down. I mean, we can't let brown people take ALL THE JOBS!
# d c 80104 you'r cool dude keep it up
I bet that the #San Bernadino shooter is jst lone wolf who's mentally unstable.Hes definitely not a terrorist by American standards
Another shooting in #San Bernadino. No, we don't need #Gun Control Reform.
Nothing is better than waking up to rejection emails to jobs.
There is a special place for people who talk on speaker phone while in a coffeeshop. # bless them
There you go #POTUS, use a tragedy to capitalize on #Gun Control that clearly has worked everywhere else.  #More Laws Do Nothing
Another shooting, another cheer for guns! Hooray! # fuck guns
I'm in the mood to watch "Tomorrow Never Dies." Not sure why.  #James Bond
And I'm especially looking forward to how everyone is going to politicize this. # if you could n t tell
Hey guys! I'm Elizabeth and my favorite thing about this time of year is finals! # sprout chat
Another mass shooting in the US. Of course, if they had more guns this would have been prevented # yeah right
The 3 hour Oryx strategy is the best! Nothing like wiping for three hours to finally win light 314 rewards. # destiny #3hour Oryxnoty
Yet again I am more likely to get shot and killed in america than I am in Jordan. But at least we have 2nd amendment rights!!!
Hey, America, let's all have a big laugh at those Middle East countries which are filled with daily shootings and mass murders.
Wonder why they never call these mass shooters here terrorist...
HHT diagnostic criteria: need 2 of H, H and T (&visceral involvement), known as the Curacao criteria. Curious. # blood u cat ion
Surprised there's been no Oprah buying $YHOO rumor yet. Wait. Did I just start it?  $AVP $WTW
Kim K's baby isn't breech anymore??? OMG thank God! I was worried.
Got free queso and sour cream on my Burrito bc my semester was really easy # thanks universe
So the Updated Hornby Edward, Henry, Gordon and James are still tender driven? That's a wonderful upgrade!
ugh SO excited to take this 5 hour
Still amazed UNC went 11-1 with all the time and effort that went into deciding which uniforms the players should wear.
I am motivation incarnate right now
Pleased to see that people travelling to Norfolk are still charming and polite as ever  #publictransportproblems
Finally after sorting d imp crisis of # in tolerance .. the national media has woken up 2day 2 report the petty #Chennai Floods issue!
NATE THOMPSON IS GOING TO SAVE THE DUCKS AND SCORE ALL THE GOALZ!!!1! # ducks fans be like
I love driving all the way to school for a 20-min exam then driving all the way home.
man, I absolutely LOVE being taken advantage of.... # sub t we et
Wow Fergie backs Gary Neville to be success at Valencia. I shocked that he would even think this! # brothers g r i mm # enjoy the tap as
Sorry Jay, I guess you didn't know. You can't speak that way of MRyan; its not your fault. The OL is always used as his excuse.
It's lovely how children are rarely present in Native settlements to ensure the audience does not see them as humans.  #AMIND435
You live in football country when the HS team goes to state and entire district gets the day off school so everyone can go # ya y
Laundry on my last off day yaaay
Yes flak, a midtown Toronto publication would love to cover an event in Castle Rock, Colo. # party like a journalist # do your home work
Broke a spoke and my laptop won't turn on so it's safe to say I'm having an amazing day
Man, when people call in & tell me to tell my boss to cut his meeting short and answer their call.... that joke gets me every time.
Uh huh I'm really realllllllly confident that that's EXACTLY how that went
First plane de-icing of the season. # gotta love chic ago
How I love waiting for buses makes my freaking day
Fighting fire with fire has CLEARLY had such a high success rate in the past that of course it'll work this time  #Dont Bomb Syria
Another assembly. Yay... Can you see how thrilled I am?
I love when companies don't respond to the emails submitted on their website. # customer service # fail
How can a person be filled with life and then be empty? Where does it all go? # d r a m y b a z i an
Omg a full 9 hour first shift however will you live RIP goodbye forever
Apparently, I have to write a twig extension just so I can add a new block to a twig template. Symfony2 is so much fun.
#TRHK I just can't get enough # irony # u tan i at its best
Finally getting my oil changed... I'm only a million miles over due # w hoops
dear IFC, just take your time, don't over do it!!!
Don't forget to block anyone who asks questions about the media you post! That's how real "freedom fighters" work.
open enrollment ...the most wonderful time of the year # hr # office ad min
Azmat to mehnat main hai. perk khao masti pehlao. ad which is about annoying already annoyed person to look cool, how very cool.
Forsythia blooming in December...that's totally normal.
An old man informed me yesterday that water freezes at 32°. Blew my mind that I had never learned in my 16+ years of education.
Thank you for very politely placing my golf clubs & that chair against the wall when you stole the tool chest out of the garage.
Good morning from Dallas! About to head to the owners meetings and hear interesting pitches on LA! That should be entertaining!
Oh that's the secret of #SRK 's success. You have my money #Fairand Handsome # F a i r n e s scream # just saying # Serious l y
waking up with puffy red eyes is always the best way to wake up.
I love being serenaded by gardeners and their tools in the morning. Best alarm clock ever.
Love waiting around for a contractor that doesn't show up
The condition of our cities during rains are a good indicator on how efficient, hardworking and diligent our local civic bodies are
Morning (YAWN) tweeps! Nothing like 3 hrs sleep to get you going right. *-* # not really
my acne game is strong these days  ._.
Yes, more celebrity guests will help the # Raw ratings. # survey # w we
Mark Zuckerberg & wife imagine ‘a world without suffering from disease’ -- of course, billions of dollars stops disease.
Remember when people announced their babies with just a birth announcement ? Yea, those were the days... # simple life # z u c k e r bergs
Moving during Christmas time? I'm a super genius!
That Heskey chap from the U-21s has scored a goal get him in the first team! # b w f c
I'm so # grateful for all the # textbooks I # rented but didn't use this # semester . # grad school
I skipped more than half and I still got to watch JYP. So lucky!  WTF am I watching?!
Eh, bombing Syria, absolutely nothing could go wrong there, fantastic idea  #Syria Vote
Got an email at 00:20 saying my order may not come for another 2 days. Thanks for letting me know early.....  #Amazon Prime
well it's not like you can win MAMA because of voting even if you're all-around you still might won't win tho
Good Wed morning. Video server is on the fritz, ZERO video so far. Gee I always wanted more face time.  #Anchor Problems #A M Newsers
Just curious - has anyone's health insurance premiums remained flat or gone down for the next year?  #Hope And Change
ALL CAPS DOESNT MEAN IM CRZY!! Just RIGHT!!  #TOOMUCHFOXNEWS!!!!!
Ha ha ! My "Time for lunch tweet" got 3 RT's. I tweet the most interesting stuff on Earth, right ? Ha ha ha !
Waking up at 5 in the morning is a great feeling
FYI makers of sleep study stuff: blinking lights are distracting. Good idea when you want people to sleep
Fazura is trending because of her stupidity !!
i could see how facebooks worth 44 billion since we all pay 7.99 a month like netflix
With the supposed Sugar Tax being debated at the moment, should the Coke Xmas lorry be reduced to the size of a VW Camper? # joke
2nd Christmas request completed # Fame # Fortune
Corey is right! We all should look the same and not have our own religious beliefs..we should all be assimilated # kitchen cabinet
Sri Lankan postal service is the most efficient gov entity i've seen so far!
Yay . . . .raining again
Ah public transport - always on time...
I can't remember where I first saw it, but "Stop using #Team Single. Single is not a team. Single is you. Alone." # Lo l
Its so nice with the space heater that every time the central heat turns on it feels like airconditioning #Take That Global Warming
And for those tone deaf over the internet that last tweet used this thing called  to make a point. I do NOT strive to be garbage.
Oh great More Hillary Clinton emails Bernie Sanders is gonna be so excited. # sick of here mails
im gonna throw a huge party
9 more days huhuhuh im so excited.
Cool. A drunk person texting me
# bet soul train awards having a child molester close the show because of shortage of soul artists # piss on you #Soul Train Awards
Man I guess ignoring all those "share this or your life will be miserable" posts has really gotten to me
One of advantage of having ex girl friend is, they make your tough passwords composition smarter and simpler. # irony
Nothing feels better being put into the friend zone # damn
With arms wide opennnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn. Man, Creed had some powerful lyrics. #1 band ever.
The graphics are totally on point in this pilot. #100 re watch
Im done streaming until after Christmas due to family circumstances. I know so many of u will be disappointed. # T witch
Ganda ng plans ko for today napakaproductive so i'll start it now heh
All about that 11:52 train home
I am not voting for Duterte since he curses, I'll vote for M or B since theyre very subtle in insulting our intelligence.
Who doesn't love a leaky roof on a Tuesday night?
I am not voting for Duterte since he curses, I'll vote for M or B since they only blatantly rob filipinos from they truly deserve.
Im not voting for Duterte since he curses, I'll vote for M or B since theyre very refined theyre not capable of stealing millions.
After seeing what the #Boston Red Sox paid to get #David Price, the #Detroit Tigers deal to ink #Jordan Zimmerman was an absolute steal.
I am not voting for Duterte since he curses, I'll vote for M or B since i am already used to their old traditional ways.
Im not voting for Duterte since he curses, I'll vote for M or B since they deserve to enrich themselves more & not the filipinos.
Throw in the towel the # S a b r e s season is over. Jack Eichel is a bust Evander Kane should be traded Sam Reinhart should be a scratch
Tomorrow is gonna be sooo fun!
has a time and place. # m is played # be quiet je n n y
I may not have a full 8 hours of sleep. But its okay, I know all the little details for WWI... # school system # need sleep # help
I just love it when a random # texts u, & u ask who it is & they reply with who is this? Seriously. Love. It.
That's a great win considering the Aggies were playing Bill Russell and the next Steph Curry.  #Commentators Are Silly
Don't know why the Tar Holes are booing Sulaimon!
Hard to believe that Pitt hasn't fouled out two 7 footers down low. Bravo Pitt.
Man this physics test is gonna go so well tomorrow
These insecurities running through my head are really helping me calm down
Gift ideas: candy that looks like makeup so you can eat it and be pretty on the inside # finally #Low Blows #Secret Santa # s n a r k y
Yeah, Ramo did not look awkward on that goal at all.  #D A Lvs C G Y
Yeah... J a ys brass is really endearing themselves # J a ys Nation # J a ys
i got off at 5...its 6 and im only at dunbar... # i love transit # t r a n s i t s u c k s # T r a n s l i n k s u c k s # v a n c o u v e r s u c k s
Judging by the way I inhale pecan pie and down bourbon , one would never guess I was raised by southerners. # pecan pie # bourbon
Under Blair I was a "domestic extremist," now under Cameron I'm a " # t e r r o r i s t s y m path is e r ." Such nice sweet lovely diplomats, eh?
Lets focus on the positives like , Malaysia Masih Aman.
Dishes. Then folding laundry. All after a full day at work. Who says women can't have it all?
I send some A1 good luck text
Helping oldest put new topper on tree. Sneezed. Broke it and some other stuff. Best. Dad. Ever. # f b
Saw "holiday nog" at the grocery store. More evidence of the Left's war on eggs.  #Leave No Vegan Behind #Someone Will Think Im Serious
What an amazing parent you are! 󾌹󾌺
Great! A new roommate. The joys of room and boards... # bullshit # b e i n g p o o r s u c k s
cuz beating the fuck out of some one gets u thrown in jail
For the pure and serious love of .
Dont you just love to procrastinate? I certainly do! # i hate myself # fuck k k
So some moron drove his car into my favorite froyo place and the whole thing went up in flames. That's just fantastic.
Mark Zuckerberg says "$450M should be enough" I agree.
Yet again what am I to know, I'm just a 'terrorist sympathises' aren't I David C? #Dont Bomb Syria
I never could have guessed that deer tick overpopulation is related to deer overpopulation..........
I just looooove shopping in la senza with my girlfriend..... said no man ever! # bored # headache
Beginning to think my school is more excited for a football championship than for #PARCC tests.  But our priorities ARE a bit off.
You know you have a great landlord when it only takes them 4 months to provide running hot water....
Dress shirt, swim shorts and sandals... #Model Status # I di o t
You mean the # Orioles didn't sign David Price?!?
Me: So you wear a lot of sweaters? Date: Yeah like Bill Cosby, take a sip of your drink. *giggles* # dating # he gets me
I'm a big fan of how the GOP is now gladly being gaslit by Donald Trump into saying Muslims were celebrating 9-11 # remember the truth
You may not have heard this at all today but...IT'S FINALLY DECEMBER
My attitude is about to be amazing today
217 million dollars for an outstanding playoff pitcher .
The past two days I've gotten a total of 8 hours of sleep! #Ill Sleep When Im Dead?  #BTW
This week just keeps getting better and better...
It's so great when siblings are rude to you yet you still have to give them stuff. # annoying younger sister
It was August like 3 days ago
Well it's a good thing we locked in J.A. Happ. #Blue Jays
#Batmanv Superman releasing the same year as #Civil War Good call DC, try to compete with a Cap movie.  #Marvel Wins
Hype at nova for holy war is unreal! # non existent
Love when older men try to lecture me about how selfies are actually really destructive to teenage girls.
I am not a smart ass. I am a skilled and trained # profession al at pointing out the obvious. And I just happen to speak fluent
if i don't talk to myself, who will? Sometimes I just need an expert advice
David Price just got paid $217 million because he's so clutch in the postseason
So glad that you don't hear from some people unless they need something from you...
Price got more than Kershaw L-O-L. But big contracts ALWAYS work for the Red Sox
8: can I play xbox? Me: NO. 8: but I'm bored. 9: read a book, you could use the brain activity anyways. Me: # brains # proud mama
I'm going to feel awful if people don't get their videos in for the radio audition. I hope you all forgive me lol  #Skiing On Em
Get big Dave on! # s w f c # w a w a w
People never fail to amaze me.
Wow, it's amazing how easy all these projects are that you can just knock up in hardly any time at all  #kirstieshomemadechristmas
My gastro dr - "You need to cut down on red wine, chocolate, pizza and spaghetti." Me - "So I should starve myself?"
Well I'm glad that went well...
Woo! Time to go to school to get scolded by my advisor! I love when that happens!
Beginning to realize I text people for no reason at all.  There's always a reason.
my level of  has got to the point where I don't even know if I'm kidding or not.
When 3/5 top followers are high school basketball girls and the other 2/5 are family members... # so popular
I can't believe Joffrey Lupul is placed on the IR. He was pretty much the Cal Ripken of hockey. #NHL
I think I speak for everyone when I say Thank GOD Blake and Gwen were reunited after Thanksgiving. So newsworthy.
Never mind guys. Once again, Charter could not give me what I pay for. Thank you so much!
# Ado be , you chose to take away the option of Layer->New Fill->Solid->Overlay & fill with neutral colour. Thanks. Great. # photo shop
So Apple is making the next iPhone even more proprietary by removing the standard headphone jack. # Cool
I think for the next week I'll just put  tags on all my tweets just to be safe.
My favorite thing about facial massages is falling asleep during and missing the facial massage # mad p um a
I love snow, cold, and ice so much!!
Did Martin Shkreli just take over Acorn International? $ATV up 500%
So the 2.5 hours of software training I had scheduled for this afternoon has been cancelled? 3 hours instead of 5 then. Pity.
My day started off so wonderful with pfrat fire alarms going off at 6am :)
"From each according to ability, to each according to his needs" I Disagree 100% unless it concerns nannies # c d n p ol i
What is this #Giving Tuesday that I'm hearing so much about? #Please Give To Your Favorite Nonprofit # long hash tag
I'm tired of illegals taking our produce picking jobs # said no one ever capitalism is built on cheap labor # m a k e a m e r i c a white again
He'll feel up anyone, kids, your gramps, just any old person that shimmys up to him # gross #Snowman Dating Problems
Oh, so The Otto Pint is going to be a pizza and beer joint. Thank god because Fort Collins is seriously lacking in that style.
Related: All Dodgers and Padres home games will be played on the road through May 1, citing El Nino concerns. # maybe
YES! # Indians signed Joba Chamberlain. He's awesome! #Roll Tribe
My 21 month year old son learned how to snap his fingers # this should be fun # h e l p m e j e s us # crazy t odd le r
Checking in from #A C Transit like a # boss
"I'm here on a du i for a friend of my boss ' exwife. Tells you how low on the totem pole I am." # t sl # s arc law # humor # du i # lawyer
Gotta love a product company that doesn't make the dealer application process very straightforward! # product fail
Hey #David Cameron ever considered nuking # Syria ? Just target Damascus and Aleppo. 2 warheads. It'll save you a lot of hassle!
Woke up to the endless stress of a 5 page paper due tomorrow!happy happy joy joy!
Every four months or so I donate a few hours of my time to Bell and their stellar customer service department. # bell # i need a drink
Omg so glad I have Twitter to let me know it's December 1 s t # not really # we get it already # i s i t d e c em be r 1 s t
I knew that religious liberty thing would come back to bite us.
Apparently a small check is satisfactory by her book now. I hope it makes both of y'all happy.
There is an inverse relation between Twitter stock and Golden State Warriors record. $TWTR down 20% since 10/27. Warriors are 19-0.
What if Treon Harris is actually saving himself for the Big Game
Learning about form in poetry. STUDENTS ARE ENTHRALLED!!! # just a bit
Don't talk rot! Of course I don't know the meaning of # irony #dark Humor #gallows Humor
here's an original twitter thought: Scott Frost will get experience at UCF and then come back to Nebraska! # H u s k e r s # please stop
Maryland ranked number 2...UNC should technically be the underdog right?
Mizzou&Friends campus demonstrators demand All majors be banned in deference to a Degree in Attitude.
W8 it was a christan that shot up the pp office?! Who would of thought?  #Planned Parenthood
It's so heart warming to see all these companies jumping on the Star Wars ship and incorporating the movie in their ads.
"It's part of the oath we take when we're sworn in. That and promising to always fix our divots." # t sl # s arc law # law # humor
Gotta love # m s n b c Glance,mention,don't analyze Hillary's Emails, and then back to bashing the #GOP Candidates.
"APPARENTLY" the most untrustworthy word used in offices!! Better than saying "I don't trust you" #Office Problems
Well that exam was superb! # not Thanks for giving us enough time to look at everything.
Does anyone know when he started radio or how long he's been doing it. I feel like it's never brought up # nasty t we et
My favorite thing about being a Tiger is having to give 10am tours, in Spanish, in 20° weather, while wearing heels.
Without question, these auto sales numbers must have been impacted by weather
Tonight I get to stay at work until 8 tonight for Microsoft Project training. Hooray!
Esther's in heat..I don't kno which I like better, her actually cuddling w/ me or her sticking her cat-gina in my face. #cat-gina
Thank you plows for clearing our roads early when school is ON TIME. I appreciate your concern for our safety. # should be 2 hr slate
I just noticed that i have crossed 5k tweets. # Happy # T we et in g # fun #Social Awareness # politics # En t e r t a in men t # sports music # news
RW tea baggers that have done 0 farm work and don't know what end of a cow is which - sure - let's take YOUR advice Bill 6.
Two hour commute this AM. Perfect way to start the day
Wrestling two-year-olds into their snowsuits is my fucking favorite  #sometimesswearingisnecessary
Workshops for creating design solution documents are SO fun.  #ITIL #YOLO #Why Y O L O #Because Reasons
parent groups gave #The Good Dinosaur bad reviews BC it deals with a Death no Don't teach kids about death, they'll never deal W that
Day 2 of being laid up with a semi broken neck. Good times!
Good idea Mixu: Flood your team with crap foreigners in a desperate bid to avoid the drop rather sticking with home grown talent
Being late for work is my favourite #TTC # signal problems
What a great start to my day!
Painted my nails sparkly red for Christmas...I'm not at all excited
Fantastic morning for a run 45 degrees and rain. # more coffee
It's only rain and people already can't drive... I can't wait for snow
I like how Christmas has become less of a religious holiday and more about getting presents on a random day
Yaay. More rain. Just what Atlanta needs. More rain. (yaay) #Sarcastic Rant # Rain # Atlanta
I love technical difficulties. # technology blows # want to talk about the snow
People who cannot differentiate between then and than use thn ! #Sorry No Sorry
People who refuse to learn/accept new tools/techniques (and think they are right) are just amazing  #Stuck In The Past
I'm attending my first big conference today where the keynote speaker is a best selling author...not intimidated at all.
I actually like waking up at 3:50 a.m.
Just because one person complained, it doesn't mean it ruined my day pero nyeta ka! I don't care who u r. Bwahaha First in 9 yrs.
December 1'st in PA and it's 38 deg with no # snow . And #Climate Change is a BAD thing? # Penn sylvan i a # winter # global warming
It seems that the entire world knows how to raise a child except the parents who gave birth to him/her. # pa renting
Why do mummys like the holidays? A: Because of all the wrapping! #Charlie Brown Christmas # i quirk you # ill us t ration # l ol # witty # fun n t
Why is Christmas just like your job? You do all the work and the fat guy with the suit gets all the credit. # ha ha # pun # ill us t rator
Someone should invent an Advent calendar about bombing Syria. I think the baby Jesus would approve.
Sounds like #RAW was another home run.
American Horror Story has gotten so repetitive. Just kill everyone on that show. Definitely horrific.
deviated septum and asthma, life can be worse # f ml
Me: I want to travel. Bank account: bitch, where?
Spending the day with # s a r s . Joy!
Well this 7.30 alarm is working well at the moment!
Can't wait for the day ahead
This may sound cray cray... but I am so glad to be back at work. Idle hands are the devils workshop, for me anyhow.  #Red Eye
So I had to redownload Rainbow Six Siege because the PC preload wouldn't launch at all. How great is UPlay?
So looking forward to my journey to work this morning; Oswestry to Welshpool via Shrewsbury! # F l o o d s #Go Away Rain
THAT 3 HOUR SLEEP I JUST HAD WAS DEFINITELY ENOUGH! #Team No Sleep #INSOMNIA
Reality is full of bullshits. That life for you.
I love when grow adults act like children and wild out over irrational shit.
# s t andwith s t oya because no woman needs to provide evidence of her rape to the public and support should be unconditional upon that.
Yup. A 1:15am fire alarm is just what I needed tonight.
Gee that's a surprise that the Adommy's have jumped all over Adam's IG pic of him with the band .
Feuerstein, you dun' did it again. #callingforthedeathsofabortiondoctorsis T O T A L L Yreasonable
Damn book reading teenagers with their facts. Now it's damn book reading adults with their facts. Saying the same thing.
Finally applied for a new job after a month of quitting my old job teehee # broke # do it for the star bucks # pumpkin spice # just do it # u g g s
So more surgery to remove half my leg. Sweet. Can't wait for that.
I started writing about # annoying ads but you won't believe what I typed first! # click bait #dontactuallyhaveanarticlelinkedtothis
So glad everyone believes in our relationship
Just another Monday night game, man.
Curry was God awful tonight.. 9-20 from the floor and 4-8 from downtown.
So many movies with an ethnically diverse cast, so little time
0mg i cant beelive howe stupid ppl r,, liek its youre not ur, their not theyre' Smmhh ppl r supp0sed to put apastafees in purals 2
Way to bounce back from that low rating last week #RAW
My arms already sore and that stair machine was invented by Satan # i love working out
So I haven't slept at all tonight. Boy do I love random insomnia.
Another great challenge by Harbaugh # R a v e n s
I'm afraid my  cannot be properly expressed with so few words
We need more bass. # ye g # r ex all place
Me -"why aren't you saying any more stupid stuff?" Le BF- "I like you! I can totally see a future with you!" # shit my boy friend says
vet trips with crazy sheep at 9:30 is so much fun
Just so you know, if you are a pro-life Christian, you are personally responsible for last weeks killings.
Remember when phones were stupid and people were smart? Good times, good times... # smart phones # honey on the money # good times
8 man tag didnt expect that  #RAW
yay for Christmas/Holiday season  at least next year i'll have a little boy to buy gifts for...or rather help Santa get gifts for
Holiday horror: the nose of Rudolph, not bc of cheer but bc of a zit right on the tip of my nose. # e a r l y c h r i s t m as present
Matt Schaub throws a #Pick Six ? That never happens..
Thank u for living up to your reputation Schaub. # pick 6
I'm so poor I can't pay attention # p u n s
You can see how well I adult by the way my sheets match my pillow cases.
Garret Sparks with a shutout in his 1st NHL start. The odds of Jonathan Bernier making the start Wed decreased slightly. # L e a f s
If there's one thing we need, it's more factions # Raw
Man what a steal by farmer Erving at 19! Sure is playing like a 1st round pick # bust all over him
Another soulful performace? You don't say. Bet it'll be just as upbeat as everyone else's performance tonight except Zach's.
So happy for the Leafs...beating the Oilers who are without their 2 best players and behind them in the standings.. # l e a f s suck
# the voice # voice top 10 welp #Korin Bukowski #Amy Vachal are in trouble, thanks to the song picks by their coaches, great job
Kawhi Leonard and Tony Snell were High School teammates. That's fair
I'm so glad twc is having wifi problems on cyber Monday
Can't figure out why # B r owns are poor tacklers. Their punishing- hard drill training camp set the tone
Harden's defence is too good #NBA # R o c k e t s
"Hallelujah." Really. Never heard that on a singing competition before. # the voice
I'm glad that you would do anything for popularity.
Oh boy, sure do hope that god damned elf is hiding somewhere in our house tomorrow morning. # creepy
So glad to have Schultz back
Good to know I have such caring friends that wish me to get better and wonder where I was. Feel so loved rn. . I have no friends.
When I thought I couldn't fuck things up more, I went and outdid myself. Go me. # wt f is wrong with me
Ryback v. Rusev at #TLC must be a stairs match. Make it happen, #WWE. # j k j k
Did you guys hear Kobe is retiring? Big news. I can't believe I haven't heard more about this.
Maybe they'll fight in a stairs match at TLC  #RAW
Oh your IG is private? Your pictures must be SO mind-blowing!
I'm so glad to see how dominant we can be against Alcorn State. Great job with scheduling, Crean. # i u b b
No text backs are the best damn thing in the world.
Well, I was welcomed back to Chambana by my heat not working so everything is wonderful...
Local house show at Barclays is advertising Reigns & Cena vs Sheamus and Del Rio. TAKE MY MONEY!!  #RAW
when things get tough, you should probably just ignore it.. # p is sed off
The biggest game of the year is on. #MNF Ravens/Browns
Crowd is blah for the champ, but loves the tag champs...I get it, put them together! # that will work #W W E Raw
Wow. I can feel the excitement building ahead of #MNF . # b r owns # R a v e n s
Now that I have Twitter again, everyone's going to find out how hilarious I am. By hilarious, I mean negative and sarcastic.
Lets see what #RAW brings tonight,oh joy the new day yeeeeeyyyyy
Love having such a reliable car :)
Just got home… So # J u l t z is # J u l t z ing as per? Excellent. # Oilers
Raise your hand if you're enjoying final projects... #yeah...ok
I liked the pro-life/anti-abortion speech given by my 20-year old male classmate who only addressed one side of the argument
I just love carrying my grocery bags on the subway! #tj's #TraderJoe's #TraderJoe'sComeToTheBX
Passive agressive facebook posts. My favorite.
Wow mother nature .. u know how to spoil us in St. Louis! # weather # cant get enough
does pochi read through ? do i need to hashtag it every time i post something? choke. on. my. meals.
I'm a # gift to # humanity - what's the # return policy ?! # joke
Almost 6:30 and no call so I guess I'll get a call tomorrow. Oh well. Not like I'm suffering or anything. #Chronic Life
I love canvas so much...it's such a great educational platform # obviously kidding
So glad we re-signed Olave.  #RSL
Just read what bazza said "Verbals are not part of our game. We're not good enough to focus on that." U r right aussis r too good
Don't you hate it when teacher are nice, give a reasonable amount of homework, and design tests to be passable. # the struggle
He said he was a "good person?" Wow. By the sound of that, I think Saban was in on it. Possibly made Taylor take the fall for him.
To the girls that date guys whether they have a truck or a sports car, if they are rich & have money. You ladies are doing it right
Can't wait for the 115 degree weather in AZ this summer!
There are about 40 kids on Carson soccer team. What on earth is this coach thinking. This should be loads of fun
Aww you look nice.... Hair slicked back, polo, khakis, and chacos. # classic
# The rapists just love updating treatment plans.
Writing web pages to make sure they also work with <4.1 Android devices, which still make up about ~30%, is SO FUN
Earlier today a DJ on the radio referred to Nirvana as "classic rock". Great, I'm officially fucking vintage # oh fuck i mold now
I love when people ignore me  #Sarcastic Tweet
Has there ever been a GUN TRAGEDY the #NRA condemned...or accepted some of the blame?!  #Unite Blue
Dr. Williams "yeah i can do it i'm the president." # Dying # out of context
Tanning cuz I'm not dark enough
Who'd have thought that being a cunt would be bad for your state's economy. # t y t live
The quality of tech on this show is mind blowing # t y t live
Thanks Mr. Toyota Camry for dancing on your brakes. That was a fun guessing game. # idiot
Of course, because violent right wingers don't exist!  #T Y T Live
I look forward to English class every day
Hey they hit Wellington! Let's tweet their pitcher hateful things because you know it was on purpose! # Cubs
I take that back. Being stood up at dinner dates is the bomb dot com
Today was a great day  lol
# healthy eating will B the death of me yet! If eat 1more bulb of broccoli or cauliflower, Im going 2 grow a 6-pk. Dammit! # fitness
I don’t know you guys, I don’t know if there’s enough sticky-backed rhinestones being shipped to my house.
Yeah I can’t think of anything that could go wrong with drones flying around a city delivering parcels.
No irony in Assad's statement that ISIS has grown since the coalition airstrikes began. Clearly he had things under control.
Yes the Eagles signed Miles Austin
And when people say " Just saying "
-- if it counted as a deadly weapon, I'd be in a penitentiary # am writing
MY PHONE FELL AND SHATTERED #GREAT
Don't you just love windy rainy freezing days
Feeling unwanted is an amazing feeling
The nfl will fine you for anything. I am already $35,000 lighter for having posting this. $35k I don't have.
My mother would be so proud of my tweets.
Oh, hey. Our set isn't built when it was supposed to be. Lovely.
Random thought: you forgot to use the fucking "doi", good you realised 3 days later # a pa # a pa style
There's that gross, awful weather I missed so much  #Who Class
I'm glad I wasted 90 minutes of my life on that badly-paced, simplistic nonsense.  #The Ark
He He. Love it when someone blocks you. Must have hit a nerve somewhere. It's twitter peeps, it's not that serious :) # just messing
When they change your seat before you even board to accommodate an infant, you know it's gonna be a good flight # its already crying
I love having construction 15 feet out my window. I also love having my room shake like an earthquake all day! # loud noises
Well, this week is just PEACHY! Just PEACHY!
Well in fact, I can't be against war on # Ye men because according to my Gov. Here in # b ah rain if I comment against it I'll B jailed
So When does the NFL lower the boom on the Patriots for "DeflateGate"?
I love it when boys try to tell me I was never good at a sport. # ass holes # miso g y n ya tits finest
Well, she was # Class y ..... . #Britains Benefits Tennants
I love being a house maid
#The Ark Can't believe how passionate Frank, sorry Noah is, as he tries to get his message across. # complete and utter b ol locks
Easter holidays sorted- Revision and tidying up of my room. Yay! #So Fun #Best Holiday Ever  xxx
Apparently if Jesus didn't talk about something being a sin, it's not a sin or it's not as important as the sin he talked about.
All to fulfill vague ethnocentric prophecies like Zecharaih 8:23! Its very hard to extract out the pro-jew bigotry of the OT.
I truly appreciate your attempts at communicating with me today.
Great day for BBRY....  and closed almost on the low. But hey, hope you enjoyed the Haiku...
the guy wearing fingerless gloves and a camo bucket hat is complaining Al-Qaeda is looking for him? Shocker # get it together man
I love being ignored! It's the best feeling in the world.
Life is so chill right now. # so much home work
So in other words we won't be able to pick up another key player like Tyler Starr next year... # wink
Gay(e) is such a hilarious double-entendre, har har #Wendy Williams
What a wonderful day I'll be having
What's better than a late night flight on a discount airline? 1 hour delay & several screaming babies. # help me # is it worth the savings
Hey #STIB drivers: the manifestation was over hours ago and still only one metro every 20 minutes? Enjoy your pintjes
The University Challenge teams are a diverse bunch, aren't they?
Thanks for almost crushing Gale.  #The M J1
I look forward Indiana recognizing my right to religious freedom by allowing me to deny service to people that eat pork.
# b b c panorama Nice to see Ken Clarke has a grip on reality This is an appalling way to carry out court cases.
I just love all the joy and attention that my birthday brings!!!
Great Lupul is hurt again. Big surprise there.... #T M Ltalk # L e a f s
Weights and conditioning testing complete for the day. Always a pleasure # L act ate
Re that last rt: No. really? .
Thank's trams for always beeing on time so that i toally got my train and don't have to wait an hour for the next one
Re that last rt: Really? No way? None of us had any clue. We're all dumb. .
Of course body, this is a great time to get some sort of stomach bug.
Bf playin video games. Good thing I got my trusty phone to entertain me
We do so much in this international studies class...
Jaime on the DL... No way
I already have one vacation day meeting scheduled for Thursday morning. I'm so shocked.
Need get this long feature out and prepare for French... Don't you just love when there's so many assignments at one time
Delayed? From Laguardia? I never would have guessed.
Yessss ty Lord I wanted to spend my Monday morning driving 40 mins mililani to LCC # h i traffic # f ml
One week until the exciting # Phillies season begins
I for one am shocked, shocked at the level of sexism and douchebaggery apparent at Kleiner Perkins and silicon valley in general!
You know what makes COMPLETE sense? Killing police officers to prove a point about "lives matter"  #People Are Stupid
:: the best weapon against an east coast asshole or should I say Masshole?
the teachers here are so accommodating lemme tell ya
Ah yes nothing like complete and utter rage in the morning it's so refreshing.
Xenu is Going Clear in the new Mission Impossible. # cant wait
Ummmm excuse me? When did u decide to parent again? Shocked! Kids gone all next week too after u had them this weekend?
This is a fantastic start back to school after spring break
Does anyone know what Tiger is ranked in the world? I can't seem to find it anywhere...  #doesitreallymatteruntilhestartsplayingagain
Hey! My 2 glitched up Dead Rising 3 achievements unlocked! I was just about to switch to PS4. #notkidding Kidding  #not Entitled
Yeah. Rumple putting Belle to bed and holding her hand instead of leaving her ass passed out on floor is sooo creepy!  #OUAT
Yesss rain please continue to ruin everyone's day. # why u do this
Mmmm I love moving its so much fun!
I am so Chelsea that I don't drink Carlsberg just because they support Lfc # K t b f f h
Anyone needs any laptops, broken screens, broken smartphones, TVs, music systems repaired ? DM for details # Unemployed # no seriously
Tough year for ichigan. We win National Championship and their "little brother" is going to Final Four. Feel horrible.
Will constantly refreshing my email make the anticipated message come through any quicker?
I don't know why everyone is upset about Indiana's Religious Freedom bill... I mean it has the word 'freedom' right in it.
ADHD is frustrating because I take medication to control myself, and the medication destroys my social skills. It's great.
Still on hold to #HMRC lol. This is fun
Maybe it IS just me. Apparently that #Triple H #Wrestle Mania entrance was the tits, eh?
At the Capitol building trying to meet with the state senators and representatives but surprise, none of them are here #O K E D Rally
There's a moment in every sarcastic person's life when they don't even know if you are being sarcastic
keep using the word "retarded" synonymously with stupid because intellectual/developmental disabilities aren't stigmatized enough
Last tweet was  Couldn't have happened to a better company! :-)
Waiting is exo-l real job actually
I love snow in the spring. it's my fav.
oh look they killed the architect he lasted long
# F al cons won 3 games at home last season (1 against the # Bucs ). That crowd noise seemed to really help them gain an advantage.
You really know you're loved when you tell people you're moving and they don't even give the slightest care in the world.
I have the best timing ever ....
Since an anonymous talking head told me that I'm no good due to lack of popularity, they must be right.
Happy Monday Everyone! Is #TGIM a thing? Oh, it is I just looked it up. It's kind of funny in a painful sort of way.  FTW!
It's snowing in #Portland M E!!!!!! Oh how I've missed you the past week!!!!!!!!  #NOIHAVENT #ITSSPRING #TALKINGINCAPS #ENOUGHISENOUGH
I knew it was going to be a fine day when my husband took off with my car keys this morning. # mon day
Day 2 with a totally dead interpretation device. Hey! Techs! I'm the annoyed-looking tall white guy in a suit. Find me! #ISTP2015
Brevity is the soul of lingerie, — Dorothy Parker # quote # philosophy
Hitting the high notes in Maria- Blondie to perfection..
I don't get the whole Marcus Mariota thing. I mean I guess he is a first rounder as long as the genius in Philly drafts him.
Justin Bieber really hasn't changed even though he said he would. What a surprise  #Didnt Believe Him For A Minute
Amazing way to wake up this am
It's Monday, I feel so rested and ready to go to school this morning!
USU press conference to be held at 11AM at the Wayne Estes Center..wonder what it could be about.... # no secret #USU
"3 to 5". Oh yeah, that really narrows it down.  #Deal Or No Deal
Happy Monday! Today we get back to school AND unpacking our new house. Fun times, I tell ya.  What are you up to?
I'm so tired I might cry lol. # too tired for this shit
No one should ever EVER make a joke about a transgender person. There is no way there is anything funny about transgender people.
hmm yeah a video of Martin Freeman really makes me wanna vote Labour in #GE2015 ... NOT #Joke Party # Lie b our # Labour
Oh goody, it's snowing again. My Monday is complete...
Life is dangerous out there for # bel lark e shippers. BC you're a homophobe so you're gonna get a lot of hate. # The 100
Good to see the #Daily Express as accurate as ever predicting gale chaos all week, I was blown off my feet 8 times at lunchtime!
"what's your major in college?" "stress"" Hahahhahahahahahhaahhaha.... # true # l o l z z
NJ Transit bus sucks way more than usual today. Great for a Monday!
so it annoys you when i don't reply and it annoys you when i do? thats logical
I totally wanted you to give my contact info to a stranger. cool bro cool. # no thanks
Did you guys know the hosts of the man cave are black? Nobody mentioned that yet.
It is shaping up to be a great Monday
"Looking forward to the Scottish Labour Election Manifesto. There will be a separate one, fully costed, right?"
Mondays are already awesome, but if you add rain and sick kids it's a super awesome Monday.
Welp. So far it's shaping up to be a fantastic Monday.
Thanks headache to brighten my day so well...
Doctors and dentists. My favourite kind of day...
Boy I just can't wait to drive to work in the pouring rain. # case of them on days
As per usual, the 'ONLY' 'Asians' seem to be the Muslims.... .... #O Brien.... # fed up to fuck ....
Don't you just hate when people change on you...they become someone totally different from when you first met... Yea me neither
Yes, lets have #Jim Davidson on #OBrien...His record of #Race Relations is 'astounding'.... .
I love waking up to more snow when I've had the windows and doors open the day before. THAT, was !
doing my most favourite thing in the world!!! # f b
Red carpet, subtly dressed guy (who works for the Police)... I could never ever tell what's going on # just saying
Deregul a tion of energy, b a nking a nd super a nnu a tion h a s benefited us SO gre a tly- why not university # q a nd a
Oh yes, we do nothing a bout drug educ a tion # q a nd a
Who doesn't love waking up to those texts?  #Happy Freaking Monday
M7 has again shown kindness, he has given away nakivubo, *thought it was given away long time ago * for the second time *
Yay off to a day a hell hole I call school gotta love it
Tired af bc practice, summer pero nagp-practice. How nice
What a GREAT way to start Monday morning.
I love to #Rage Quit when I die 10 points of a warbird in #Advanced Warfare
Now that we're on the campaign trail, I'm looking forward to the condescending graphics used to explain swing, coalition forming &c
Oh that's just great. Now the spiders in my house are the JUMPING type. Thank you spring, really
Headache and a stupid co worker are a great combination....
So #Super Cena prevailed over Rusev # Shock e r #Wrestle Mania
halp no idea how to be fun at times # not really # c o mm un i cat ion #more c o mm un i cat ion
Apparently the UK election process starts today #Who New # election 2015
Oh dear father, if I knew you were going to ask such a ridiculous question, I would've brought my TCG. I feel the trust.
2:59 a.m. in Cleveland. Perfect time to be up with heartburn
Wow you always make me feel SOOO much better about myself.
I feel fantastic this morning # un well # pass me the bucket !
This place gets better every week!
Cena vs Wyatt for US Title...gonna happen... # yip p e e
While USA backs a Saudi-led intervention in Yemen, Washington runs the risk of undercutting its diplomacy with Iran!!!
Morning all!!! Monday.... Don't you just adore them.....
kewl...starting my monday off on a great note
My timing is always on point # the worst # bum me r
I really need to pee # re la table
They need more money. Let's help!  #T I D A Lfor A L L
Want to sound hip and with it? Add # social in front of what you do! Social construction, social seller! It works for everything
I received, "Hi, My name is Olga. I want to be your friend..." for the third time. She is persistent, I give her that. # s p am # e mail
The weirdest part of being part of a convo, is being tagged, but excluded in the reply. Makes one feel GREAT
And then I would be burned at the stake because I'd be coined as a witch. Humans are hilarious. # humor # thankful for my rights
So, they put a lot of thought into the title of the Walking Dead spin-off.  #Fear The Walking Dead #The Walking Dead
Glad to know that I'm always gonna be judged for any little thing I do.
Oh, what a wonderful mother-daughter relationship.  #The Royals
dont you love it when people don't text you back
YES, I finished my physics and I got done at a reasonable time too!!
great way to end the night.
when life gives you impossible goals, you make them your possible goals. # i n s pi ration # this is a joke
"I'm really sorry I didn't fuck you before, but I really, really wanna fuck you now." Kevin is positively Shakespearean. # S ha me less
Words cannot describe how overly excited I am to start this brand new week!
SO excited to spend the day at the Statehouse tomorrow... # we did this in under grad
Could this day get any better.  =))))))
Didn't see that one coming... #Wrestle Mania # predict able
He certainly dick-pict his way RIGHT OUTTA that title. # W rest le mania
Wow I love this holiday of only 1 week!
Wow no one saw that happening
My thoughts when a food package declares no preservatives: how thoughtful of you not to feed me toxins.
Just a repeat of last year. A triple threat headlining again is just lazy. #Wrestle Mania
Gotta catch some Z's for this track meet tomorrow # h y p e
What did you do with your Sunday? Oh just worked a 13 hour shift at work. What are you doing tomorrow?probably the same.
Well. Today was not really eventful. Tomorrow should be. College! Biology 2! Woohoo.
Wow I'm completely shocked that Taylor won like I had nooooo idea it was coming! # con g rat stay l or
Lol wow I am in just such a happy mood right now :)))))))
Plot twist: The Walking Dead season finale ends on another set up episode # it happens every time
Laying on bed thinking about life I might go for a walk to clear my mind # relation ship drama # gotta love it
Chilling with U is so fun
Um, technically space has no weight soooo... this status technically makes no sense. #Im Not Science #Im Just Science # Joking #Not A Dick
Forgot to mention... Tomorrow work starts at 6:30 am. What a treat!!!
Because I support the RFRA & Gov Pence liberals have called me: homophobe, bigot, & rightwing nazi. So very tolerant, libs.
Hey who is this guy with the mic? I don't think I've ever heard of him before...
I'm glad that the active wrestler lost.  #Wrestle Mania #Wyattvs Taker
Surprise I have gallstones what a great two weeks
I'm pretty sure I sneezed like 30 times today.... Oh how I love being sick....
Its a damn shame when I can't enjoy my birthday due to having so much work. #Woo College
Thanks for letting me know ya care fam.
WWE's response to #Give Divas A Chance was to bring back the #Diva Search. Yeah, cause THAT'S worked so well in the past.
Nah I think this Wyatt vs Undertaker match is a bit too exciting  #Wrestle Mania
Undertaker looks good. Looks like the internet was wrong for once # wrestle mania
If you love someone, you should not to stingy.
At least I get to sleep until 7:30 # hate being a grown up # spring break # just kidding
Thank you family for spoiling a character death on the Walking Dead by yelling it across the house.
I love her overuse of semicolons and her lack of the Oxford comma.
Wow I haven't heard a single cuss word this whole award show...  #i Heart Radio Music Awards
I'm such a hoe cos ive obviously slept with so many people such banter
End of the year evaluation tomorrow while videotaping myself to keep my teaching license... Not stressful at all
Oh Gabriel... We're all very upset at your decision.... #The Walking Dead
Wait, where is Rousey's credential? Why is she in the ring?
My life gets better and better
I just love it when the people that you trust the most, don't trust you at all
The rock showed up at #Wrestle Mania? Whaaaaaaaaa? I did not expect that... # #WWE
When did harry styles join #5 s os ??? #I Hate Boy Bands #i Heart Awards
Oh so excited for work tomorrow.
Hopefully Cena gets that push he well deserves after all these years.
I am so shocked. I never saw Cena winning at #Wrestle Mania. I never saw him winning over a young talent.  #John Cena Sucks
# W rest le mania 32 commercial confirms Lesnar vs The Rock, Undertaker vs Sting, & Triple H vs Roman Reigns!!! #What If
ooooooooooooh great....the #Red Sox are doing closer by committee again? this will end well.
That plucky young upstart who's been world champion multiple times finally getting that big win at WrestleMania!  #WM31 #Cena Vs Rusev
*Comes back to the show* Oh, hey. Cena won. Who knew that would happen? #Wrestle Mania
People who actually like your picture but won't "like" it on Instagram because it's you are so mature
John Cena wins again!!! WWE Creative Team area bunch of geniuses!!! Finally, a new and exciting storyline!!
So when I go Sheffield show we're going to have Cena acting all smug and everything. Fantastic
Cena wins again! Nothing like doing something different.  #U S Title #Wrestle Mania
Didn't see that one coming. #Wrestle Mania
Good guy John Cena just won by causing a man to hurt his girlfriend. A true American hero  #Wrestle Mania
Cena wins # shock !! # w we #Wrestle Mania
Omg cena wins! I can't believe it!
CENA, US champ... He's probably ecstatic...
Ouuuch this sunburn is starting to set in and it feels FANTASTIC
Cause Sasha that shit ain't weird. # t w d
I'm tired of Beth's big sister,, wats her name again??  #Walking Dead
Repeating "bitch better have my money" is the best thing I like to listen to.
Is there music is heading? Wow. Rihanna what an uplifting song.
2 tfc players fall to the ground, how did the ref not give a penalty!!??
The Wolves seem like nice, trusting people. #The Walking Dead
Oh Terry isn't there any more. What a surprise.  #Blood Sweat Heels
Nice to know how important I am
Is #TFC on an extended road trip to start the season? I don't think they've mentioned that in the broadcast.  #R S Lv T F C
Azealia Banks sounds like an incredibly intelligent, well-spoken, articulate, young lady.#ladysheisnot
I'm so excited #The Walking Dead something or another tonight...  #Kill The Brat
Considering winging this exam tomorrow. Since that's always worked so well in the past.
Thank you everyone on #CLSB15 that got me sick I greatly appreciate it because now I feel like crap
No quarters or dimes but at least there's around $60 in nickels.
# p ol y processing sure can be fun at times # not really # c o mm un i cat ion #more c o mm un i cat ion
You're at a concert? I couldn't tell from your 200 second snap chat story. # put your phone away
Glad we have our priorities straight lol thanks
oh boy. the women's match. hooray. my night is complete.  #Wrestle Mania
Wow, that 'fan feed' sure is an improvement over Quad Cam...  #BBCAN3
I'm so glad we don't have an extra Diva's match so that we can listen to the #Wrestle Mania theme song again.  #Give Divas A Chance
I didn't know shopping for shoes for a 9 year old would be so difficult. It gets easier from here right?
Oh boy Camp WWE and the new Diva search!  #Wrestle Mania
#Wrestle Mania This is much better than another match.
Getting pulled over is a really awesome idea for date night.
LOVE TO SEE SEASON 1 MOTHER OF HENRY REGINA!
Wow! I have the best friends!
Girls that like all my boyfriends selfies but don't like any pictures of us together are the greatest :-) # please stop
Never would have guessed #Sting Vs Triple H would end up being NWOvsDX. # W rest e mania 31 #Wrestle Mania
UND vs Omaha would be a terrible national championship, wouldn't it? #No Storylines  #B L A I Svs H A K S T O L
ughhhhhhhhhh........... Like Blank Space totally has better lyrics than Thinking Out Loud or any other song
Soo the BIG was lagging in basketball this season right........?
I hate how A pink is so underrated # A pink # k pop
Nice start to the game Black hawks ! # Black hawks #C H Ivs W P G
I like how Arnold Schwarzenegger never milked terminator
being home alone is fantastic, someone wanna come over?
More of Pablo Sandoval's fiancee, please. No need to talk about the match.  #TFC #T F C Live
You know its legit when someone gets 'hit' then stands up again so he can fall down.  #Wrestle Mania
Msu vs Wiskey championship would really show how weak the BIG10 is......... Especially, with how well the big 8 did in the Tourny!
Daniel Bryan won IC title wow didn't see that coming.....  #Wrestle Mania
#Wrestle Mania #WM31 DB wins, that wasn't obvious.
Family is over. Dad is goibg on the longest anti-transexual rant ever. This was unprovoked. Yay family.
Like oh those straights are so dumb I can't deal
So glad I don't like sleeping or have to be up at 4.30! #Note The Tone
Can't believe the #N H L Bruins are letting the Canes hang around in this game. Nothing like playing with desperation.
From last to first...Way to go #Yes Movement!!! #Wrestle Mania
John Calipari, Mike Krzyzewski, Tom Izzo, Bo Ryan. Nope, coaching isn't important at all...  #Final Four
Thanks, Anthem for just now notifying me you were hacked in December. I hadn't heard anything about it, so thanks for the letter
Thank you for those kind words
I woke up at 1, ran a mile, ate some pizzas and steak and napped till 5:30. Living healthy
I'm deeply distraught I can't take my "selfie" stick to # Lo l la this year.. ha.. shucks.. I mean, geez..
Glad to see some fresh blood in the men's final four.  #Duke#Wisconsin #MSU#Kentucky
Amazing booking for that battle royal.  #Wrestle Mania
Glad Big Show looked strong in that match.. He needed to prove himself after 20 years of main event status. #Wresle Mania
Nice to see WWE planning for the future by giving that new guy Big Show a push...  #Wrestle Mania
Big Show is finally getting the push he deserves  #WWE #Wrestle Mania
You haven't lived until you've done a 24 hour roaming guard shift.
Big show getting a push... i'm sure it's gonna payoff  #Wrestle Mania Kickoff #Wrestle Mania
Glad big show got the win, a young up and comer like him needs something to build his career on #WM31
Being the stepchild is so much.
Blueblood programs getting calls late in the game, I'M SHOCKED  #Dukevs Gonzaga
The Ascension is so over now! LAUGHING MY FUCKING ASS OFF! #Wrestle Mania
Gonna hang out with some complete losers tomorrow # oh my god cant wait
#WWE #Wrestle Mania From Main Show to Pre-Show way to honor Andre's legacy WWE.
I'm loving the refs this game. They're the best.
Risky strategy by # Duke of not getting the ball to the best player in the nation. Let's see if it works out for them # Duke vsGonzaga
Yes, we'd much rather have a musical performance by some no-marks than that match on the main card. #Wrestle Mania
could really go a game of pirate kings I WISH SOMEONE WOULD INVITE ME TO IT FUCKKKKKKK SAKEEEE
It sucks when you put effort into something that, looking back, might have been a waste of time. # awesome I'm going to the gym.
Man the Big 10 really sucks.
Like Kevin Hart and TI would give a pants about Zayn leaving
lately timing has been very awesome!
There is a bathroom attendant at the Saban Theatre directing traffic with a variety of hand signals. It's not creepy at all. # true
It seems the "train" carrying the results from some parts of the country has derailed on its way to the collation centre....
So glad it's going to rain in Tupelo this week because my yard desperately needs the moisture
"Don't be a bitch." ... I'm cured...
I'm pretty sure my cause of death will be poorly timed  .
Is there any college hockey on tonight? Anything? Any suggestions?  #RITMHKY let's go tigers, let's go!
#REDWINGS 2 goals early... let NYI score 2. #Way To Go Red Wings  #D E Tvs N Y I
Being on an Acela with a bunch of spring breakers headed back to college is only adding to the mix... #Sunday Funday
I'm so over school. I really don't wanna go this week. but atleast we have 2 days for spring break
# wrestle mania Already sucks 2 of our seats are blocked effectively separating our family # thanks a lot
Ruining people,s brunch to scream at them and tell them they're racist. Gosh Im sure that will help race relations #Black Brunch A T L
Does somebody have some Pom Poms for Grant Hill? Makes sense having him do Duke games
# c c o n c k And let's not even mention dead trans people.
# c c o n c k OF course kinky people don't need legal protection. We're just on the fringe.
This would cap a wonderful sports year: football title for tOSU & basketball title for Moo U.  Pitiful year continues. #Go Blue
Majority of guys begging for a 'fit chick' but get turned off by sweat... lol not feeling the irony?  #getyourheadouttathegutter
Obviously the cream of the crop are visiting today.
How can they ruin this moment by allowing parents families on the court? # things writers say
Thank you for beating NC State and then losing Louisville!
Yup, another down year for #B1G.
Izzo could be a pretty good coach if he could only learn how to win in March.
Boy, that Big 10 sure was overrated...
Jonathan Taylor: Booted out of Georgia for domestic violence arrest. Same happens to him at Alabama. He might have a problem.
Wish the BIG 10 has some quality teams....
I wouldn't box out either in this situation if I was Michigan State
Tomorrow I get to write two exams that add up to 80% of my grade. YAY!
Call the goaltending and this game is over. First game all year the refs made an impact.
I've been told that if you block explicit music, pandora deletes itself?
My day just gets better and better
C'mon Verne, it's 10-straight not 10-unanswered. Didn't you get the memo from AP? #March Madness # a p style
Wait, did they call a foul on Michigan St??? WHAT IS GOING ON!!!!!
Tom Izzo is friends with Steve Mariucci? What an interesting tidbit I hadn't been told before
Bray Wyatt injured his ankle preparing for his match against the Undertaker tonight!! Jus awesome! #Wrestle Mania # tape it up
So glad that this race is on Fox Sports 1 so that Fox can show some crappy movie instead
Well done to the knobs who set off flares and stole a corner flag during the Ballarat RD v Victory Youth match. # Dick heads .
Waiting for the body that is # P ol dark 2015 of course I am looking at the storyline as well
Love when my boyfriend forces me to smell his farts. #True Love
Ha. Of course you can get a skinny frappe from McDonald's. # no p e # stop please just stop
wow, Justin Bieber, exactly who I wanna see on stage  #ULTRALIVE
So...1D is a girlsband now since they lost the only real man in the group? #1D # Z a y n
god in a can actually its goddess ina can  its funny tho
Look at me I'm a twitter activist.  #Step Your Tweet Game Up
Excellent. Looking forward to another fun-packed week of work.
40 hours of night starts NOW. # night life # i love my job
Love sitting at church with my little guy but never actually making it in church
Hard drive failures are so much fun!
The little she-devil speaks, who knew?!
I love my 6 plus especially when it falls and hits me on my face!
# Cross fit open 2015 15.5 done! Piece of cake.
Good to know this cycle continues to be perpetually on repeat.
Wow, such modesty from Montrezl. For realz.
I mean, if you would just read your bible you would see all of the people Jesus refused to serve. # g o v e r n o r m i k e p e n c e #WWJD
I almost got rammed into by a crazy driver at WalMart. Yay me!
I sure do love people that generalize
Sorry I kept you waiting for so long. But, hey, it kept the suspense up, didn't it? # ha ha
who would've thought a guy named hussein would be hostile to Israel ? # O b am a # Israel
Wondering what life threatening, harrowing experience the Scorpion group will get into tomorrow night! ;)
Our men don't play too well with Balls, But Our women sure do play well with Cocks! congratulations Saina nehwal # r of l # fun
Ya know it's gonna be a great day when your insert a NG tube 20 mins into your shift! # Nurse # nurse problems
I never knew Twitter can get you out of bed and personally interact with strangers.
I'm such a loser. Clearly, I will fit in really well in NY next year. # follow up
Oh you treated your staff like shit and wonder why they act up or quit, hmm I wonder..no that can't be solved easily
Oh wow, SpongeBob won Best Cartoon on #KCA last night, I am sooo surprised...  #Still Better Than Teen Titans Go #I Need A Life
Ignorance is a choice, Stupidity is genetic. # just saying # stupidity # life
What does one teach teenagers who apparently already know EVERYTHING?
Well... after 3 solid hours of sleep, I'm definitely gonna be 1st place in The Most Attentive Member at Church Today # lets roll
his toy for a while. funny isn't it?
Lrt but one: yeah, I feel like the most fashionable person with my crippling adequacy and self-esteem issues. So cool!
Yay!! ULTRA gets Justin Bieber as a special guest today
Make sure you do your homework for school tmo.
I'm not working out, I eat mostly what I want, and I drink beer. Wth?! Why am I not losing weight?!?
ignorance is probably your greatest quality #Keep It Up
Poorley little kara again and I'm back at work tomorrow .... what a marvelous day!
As long as the trolls stalk their pet hashtags mercilessly they'll win the revolution.
Why is the weather outside so peaceful and serene # tornado
A greater anglia train cancelled? But that never happens?!?
At Sunday brunch, and a father and son are bonding by discussing 2015 fantasy football drafts. It warms the heart. # make it stop
I also love the irony of a meteorologists flight being delayed due to weather # irony
I like how ASA parents think they know more about softball than college players. Lol  #Dont Ask For My Advice
'Salary' should be replaced with 'revenue' to adjust for its uncertainties these days. # Jobs
Pence, when asked if his bill would be used to discriminate against gays, said: “I damn well hope so. That was the whole point!”
If some1 u knw has a drinking problem, it only makes sense to attack them & gang up #Blood Sweat Heels #not A Fan of Demetria # Bravo
Any vines of Henry's no look pass?
didn't even realise they cancelled it...such a shame!
Refusing to serve gay people for religious reasons? Way to show Christ's love. # Indiana # in di an a bill
I am an immigrant...blame me for all your problems
Let's have robotic pilots instead of humans because human error is too risky and computers never get viruses or hacked, ever!
It's already Sunday. I'm glad break is over... I'm glad no one is talking to me.. I'm glad to be sad... # fuck this
Walk away for the restroom & see that they've binned it up again. But I guess that's the series fault also, right?
currently just eating toasted coconut flakes. great way to maintain health; only eat coconut  #I May Need Help
My job as a DJ is to give you best heart hands and jesus arms possible... #Get These Hands  #Real D Js
So Maldonado got punished for being to slow? Excuse me while i LMAO #F1 # Pen al t y
I'm so happy I get to work from 2:15-10 today!!
I just love it when people slow down to 50 mph when going through the pike pass . It just makes my day. # so annoying # pike pass
I love when I have CBS on mute, yet can hear everything, word for word from my neighbors TV.
Not having a voice is amazing
Cause that's totally something to be proud of.... # get a life
When people don't really know what to say they use  as an excuse to express how their feeling...
Eu & Scottish rule vote # Labour Eu only rule vote # C o n s e r v a t i v e Ooh the choice, we've been really spoilt this time.
I think I'm addicted....... To I need it as much as I need air # funny only when i mm e an
This place is full of bright ideas
Do you see this beautiful garden with flowers?...I'd like to bury you under it.
I can't believe Christian Grey's helicopter could tweet or talk by itself.
How nice of Gov. Pence to answer questions
No way! I woke up to snow on the ground in New England!
"I hate (insert team/player name) because they always win." is a sound argument.
Wow I'm going to have an awesome time at work with two hours of sleep
#Game Day Caniacs - # Mass holes in the house tonight. Yippee.. Let's Go Canes
Corralling, dressing a 2yr old to go grocery shopping, Sunday mornings don't get any better...
I didn't panic much when I thought I had lost all 20,000 words that makes up half of my story
Having a good day in sunny Manchester
So my shift back is a stock take! Fantastic!
Yay! Australia won the world cup.
The best thing about their victory is how humble they will be #C W C15 Final
PDP clears ekiti state. Wait. hold on, let's blame the igbos. #Nigeria Decides # t h e r e w i l l b e h a t e r s
changing my relationship status from "single" to "still single" #An Saya
Now Watson is going to hit the winning runs. Great!  #CWC15 #A U Sv N Z #C W C15 Final
Fitting that watto will probably hit the winning runs  #A U Sv N Z
Height of confidentiality when u share a secret with a girl # hilarious # epic fail
Remember, India won in '83 defending 183; history can repeat itself! Have faith!  #Before Australia Started Chase #A U Sv N Z
fuk skool m8. No 1 neds it. ill jus b a pimp now.
Aussie batsmans are struggling to increase the run rate.They need holy mother Pragna's blessing, right away! #Aus Vs N Z
It's obviously the team fault that Hamilton didn't win. Shouldn't talk to him on corners. # boo h o o # little baby
Seb takes the #Malaysia G P as usually a very boring F1 race. Seb won by 10 secs real exciting stuff!
No fun was had this evening! No fun... At all!! # joking # not true
Cricket fans, god they're so zany with all the hilarious never been seen before fancy dress outfits #Cricket World Cup
Ahhhhh, First morning of # b r it is h summertime . What a lovely time for a run. . # put me back in bed
AHQ is again extra fast today
Great quote from Paul Hurst's post-match interview "There's a guy down there who's an expert and he says 'maybe'."
On top of this fantastic ear infection I've got cramps. Oh how I love being a human and a girl # gotta love it
People find solace looking into predictions of winning T20 world cup.!! Perhaps they should mind their own innings.  #W C Blooper
Pillow tosses at 2 a.m.? Why not. # totally fine
Do u seriously not see that questioning my response to your post on appreciating freedom of speech is a huge contradiction??
You know what players love? stealth missions with an instant failure and reload.  #Watch Dogs
My nieces decided that my bed is theirs so....I now have to sleep on the couch all of Spring Break.....yay!  #Love Being An Aunt
What a gorgeous day for my last long run! # piss in git down # marathon training
Love being ignored. I LOVE IT!! # hateful person # hate hate
Oh. Got it. Finally got it. # got my answer # hash tag fuck you
Brilliant, #BST . My # insomnia and I thank you sooo much. # clocks go forward
Everyday it becomes more & more evident that I'm not the Carrie of the group...I'm the Miranda # left over chines e food # i like short men
Being ignored is t h e best feeling ever omg yay # h 8 u
Love the # Face book invite followed quickly by the Face book page # like invite.
I hate that everyone is out drinking while I'm stuck at home. My friends are awesome
Can't wait to repeat this all next weekend... # fuck
According to my parents I'm going to be a pizza delivery driver forever. Like I fuckin guess. I mean it doesn't should that bad
Wow, you put pics of you on social media with alcohol? Man you are so cool, and not to mention smart!
Just finished watching the new # C in der ell a . Did NOT expect that ending!
$NVGN better watch out! $1,000 pps coming soon!
Continue leave bad impressions so no concert will be held in malaysia anymore. Okayy? XD
Mcculum and Guptill's wife/girlfriend are in stands .. No wonder they are playing so shitty ... na?? #A U Sv N Z
This just in; Delayed New Zelda WiiU to be first NX game, because hey it worked for the Wii.
oh weird, the # d all as stars blew a late minute lead. didn't see that coming. jk yes i did. # n h l # hockey
N thoz men that actually marry twin sisters/just sisters! The children are brother/sisters/cousins! #Shut Up Elphie lol, Im on a roll
FLASH: # Virginia State Bar finds suitable alternate for Midyear Legal Seminar trip in November 2015 seminar....Iran? Disclaimer:
You know what I hate? Braces. I hate braces. Good thing I only have them on for 2 1/2 more years # t hats a really longtime
I'm a pretty bad guitarist though
I love night time feeds when the clocks go forwards.
Thanks Refs for that lovely icing call that led to the Dallas goal.
Ignore her baby daddy. Great wife, you got there, Goku. # To on am i #D B Z Kai
I will be just as famous when I date Aaron Rodgers. # but really
Vaping inside doesn't make you a douche bag since its legal! # bar tips
Why is Nash and HbK and he other guys doing the #Bullet Club hand gesture #WWEHOF
It ought to be fun going through security with two laptops later today  5 hours of sleep here I come.
Oh, I love my customers sooo much.
Does anyone know when # India is touring Australia? #C W C15 Final # Cricket
Toonami starts in 7 minutes, 37 minutes till Toonami is "saved" and 1 hour and 7 minutes until Toonami gets "killed" again.  #D B Z Kai
Waiting in line today was fun!!!
Love having plans that don't go the way they should
What you can count on is for Scotty Brooks to made a great out of bounds play after a time out. #O K Cat U T A  #R I P Hot Rod #GOJAZZGO
Yup my bad. . Always the bad guy......
Thank u refs for ending the irish basketball season....job well done...
#C W C15 Final #A U Sv N Z not enough gambling ads...
We played Wisconsin in the Final Four last year? What happened? I forgot.
The game of basketball is kinda fun! Just wish it wasn't so slow paced.
I love waking up to yelling at 10 o'clock when I dozed off...... # ya y
Oh, the Military Ball is coming up and I have no idea how I'm going to do my bun  #Have To Look Manly #Why Cant Girls Dress Up
There's nothing better than those open to close shifts # restaurant life # hostess problems
Wow you beat a 3 seed that's 4 inches shorter than you. You are just so amazing  #N Dvs U K
Kentucky barely beat ND but they could beat teams in the NBA for sure!
Kentucky was getting weak calls all game long... But they would be an NBA team for sure.
I am so glad I got out of Lex this afternoon before State Street gets crazy  #BBN #UK19
I didn’t know Ashley Judd was a Kentucky fan?! # bitter
What a game! Only thing that would top this is if Duke wins tomorrow!
Oh, and thanks for giving us some credit, Cal...
Thanks Warriors! Nice inspiration to the blackcaps! # s m h
And notre dame chokes the game away, pretty good defense they played on towns all night......
Yay more Ashely Judd.... #N C A A Tournament # Kentucky
So this was a real blowout. Notre Dame didn't have a chance.
So great job UK, you and your 9 McDonald all Americans won a tough game tonight, who would have thought?
Really hope Kentucky has a go-to guy.
Damn this game is good, even better that I can't watch it. # s i r u s x m radio # Kentucky #Notre Dame #N C A A Tournament
The real winner in #March Maddness is all these timeouts
I can't believe they're not showing #Ashley Judd after # Kentucky just retook the lead
Geez, wonder who the announcers are pushing to win this game.  #Notre Damevs Kentucky
To be fair to Kentucky, if this were the Eastern Conference playoffs, they'd have a 7 game series to rebound from tonight.
Timbers never fail to make me hopeful about winning a game, only to lose in the worst possible way. Keep it up. # boo
Just saw the red card replay. Ugh. And apparently Kasey was spot on on the call?
All my life I'll be workin 3-11 # dream # l i v in it # amid one school yet
I'm sure a ton of really cool people go to Whatever,USA. #Up For Whatever # audition
Cal's really making his point by not going zone tonight.
Anything good to watch on tv tonight???  #March Madness
ND is trying to screw up my bracket.
Oh how I love the game of you following me so I follow you and then you unfollow me. # t w i t t e r r i d i c u l o u s n e s s
wow such a sweet play from Cauley-Stein # you suck
LOOK AT ALL OF THESE PLANS I HAVE
Well.. This day has been marvelous. # so tired #10 hr shift
Having no friends is the best thing anyone can ask for
I love when people act like they're mad at me but cant tell me why? # c o m p l i c a t e d
This tweet activity stuff is killer, now I know just how little I accomplish! I have actual numbers and everything!
Enjoying spring break at home. # so much fun
Oh Recognition. How I love the.
It's cool when your friends don't invite you to hang out with them. I just love it.
Nothing creepy about it at all
Do I want to go out dancing or hangout with Adriana, watch movies & be fat?? Geez wish this choice was much easier...lol # food wins
One of the point guards, that Kanter supposedly never had in Utah, just got a layup because Kanter is still good at defense.
All level at 19 at halftime. Yeah, no problem with scoring in the NCAA. # march madness
I dont fucks wit that THC shit i only smoke weed
So surprised by the pro #BBN officiating thus far. Push and shove on one end, touch foul on the other
These announcers are doing a stellar job.  #BBN
Way to go Gov. Pence… really building a great business climate in IN and showing how far we’ve come from KKK days.
Sundays are for homework marathons. Good thing I had such a restful Saturday.
Kentucky looks soft inside the paint
I'm so happy to be in Florida during spring break
"Write about your worst memories of adolescence" this assignment ... so much fun
Chapter 7 wasn't on the last test and it won't be on the next test? Cool. Glad I learned it. #U M N Physics
I hear Spongebob won the KCAs. Big fucking shock.
Great man my father, great man
I love working 13 hours with no lunch or dinner
Welp at least # Z on a has the most patriotic fan base with their USA chant!
Great job, Wisconsin. Now you can go on to lose the semi finals once again after teaming with the refs to beat AZ. #March Madness
can't wait to try to explain to Mary about this
Y'all got friends like this? Oh...me either.  #Karrueche Speaks
Because its TOTALLY fair that Gonzaga gets to play 2 minutes from their home... # not fair # is that legal ? #GOLADYVOLS!
Thanks for recording the KCA's Lexie
I love a great free throw shooting contest.  #N C A A Tournament #March Madness
Hope #DD can handle playing TWO nights in a row. The man must be exhausted. # m n wild
Ok the Pack scored, everyone go home game over.
Roger Goodell thinks this game flow is slow
So: Tomorrow, I must edge Joon or Howard to get into the top three. Well, they're easy guys to root against. #ACPT # du h
A lot of firepower vs the houthis in # Ye men a bit of an exaggeration maybe,even # Iran in direct conflict wouldn't need that,
I wish TBS would show Aaron Rodgers and Olivia Munn more... Haven't seen them enough.
Omg I laugh so hard ahah
Seriously #CBS? Reruns instead of #March Madness #Regional Finals? Yeah that's a good idea ...  #BBN #Does Everyone Get T B S?
I can tell it's gonna be a very fun night.... Of laying in my room the whole time
Reggie Miller has given us so much great insight during this game. #N C A A Tournament
nothing I love more than 40 year old multi-millionaire white men yelling at 19 year old minority kids over a game # a m e r i c a
I love sittting at the hospital for hours while people act like idiots!
FaZe Red vs OpTic Gaming, loser goes home. FaZe Black is already going home. Nice brackets, champs
Well. Boyfriend's still all moody. Yeah, today is gonna be great.
A nice ‘warm’ December, oh wait March evening. 0C/32F at this time.
Love how my family excepts so much of me
Yeah Zayn that's how you get more privacy for sure
If people think we've kissed, they're wrong. these rumours have driven my BOYFRIEND into thinking I'm cheating on him. Thanks media
Thank you, snow. Now I'm staying home tonight instead of visiting friends because driving on slick highways is not recommended.
These announcers for the #W I Svs A R I game clearly aren't for Arizona at all...  #LETSGOBADGERS #B1 G Basketball
So here's a funny story - it took me 5 hours to drive home from North London today. Oh, wait... That's not funny # true story
Nothing puts me at ease more than watching my kids open "child-proof" containers. #Dad Plus4 # pa renting # f b
It's always nice to see the same picture 50 times in my Instagram feed whenever some event is going on
Sure YouTube I will watch a 2 min ad for a 30 sec video
don't you just love how people tweet about loyalty and how you should treat bar but you don't even do it?
I have the greatest dad ever! no college fund, no support, no help at all! I love you daddy!
The way I look at it "if it's to hard don't do it, why better yourself!" Right?
How can you dare to think that there could be something Kensi can't do? Super-Kensi can do everything... really.  #NCISLA
Who's is this #Big Vape I keep hearing about?
So should we give the goal back because Eder?
Thank you Best Buy for shutting down Future Shop. That was indeed greatly appreciated
great. more armenian neighbors. fucking awesome
Running the entire #Big Train Set by myself tonight. FUN!!!
Wow so many people are claiming they were once a JYP Trainee.. Oh well, if that's the case, I was a JYP trainee, too! Ugh oh please
YAY a CUP DRIVER winning in a TRUCK RACE ! YAY !!!!
85 people let me know that I was wrong. I now know Eminem is so humble and also by far better than tupac and nas as a lyricist
Going to miss Futureshop, they showed me so many ways to treat customers. # future shop #Good Riddance
Love it when Michael doesn't text me back about making plans to go home # b r o you suck at text in g
Picking something to watch while I re-write the begining of a book. JOY, of all JOYS
Oh yea..I did forgot how im Nothing to U ..thats Right
Oh inviting me to a movie? Suuure. I'll just forget about what I need done and other obligations.
This snow really makes it feel like spring outside
Like i cant think of anything else to do on a satuerday than this fuckin paper for captain dick face instructor of mine for English
Shea Salinas now on at 45'. That will fix everything.
So we are bombing Yemen 2 save Saudi boarders while Pakistanis are still stranded there. Brilliant Foreign office strategy!
The Wings just show up to play when Mrazek is in the net.
Going out in public later oh can't wait
Jut love being at work a whole hour earlier than I'm supposed to be...
Welp, toddler has a soiled diaper so my day is about to improve. Thanks, Flyers.
And the # F l y e r s are going to everyone's fave part of hockey, the beloved shootout
Awesome greetings from my bfs family .
Oh what a beautiful Saturday to spend inside working all day
my best friend is a really good friend
I love it when patrons complain that our barcodes are in an illogical position and ask how we came to that decision. # library life
Boom clap the sound of my ankles after 50 battements on each leg. Oh how I love getting screamed at during dance. # dance life
my favorite friends are the ones that like my pics but don't respond to my text.  it slips out every once in a while.
# Life is so funny! I want to run from this weird # laughter because it's not haha funny but full of ! R u getting at I trying to say?
The great thing about getting new tires is how inexpensive they are! # bored t we et
When someone orders the entire menu through a drive-thru
I'm just gonna have a blast today
Damn I thought we would never lose again after clinching
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
I hate it when my favorite tv shows take a holiday break and then a # spring break. Stop ruining my life already.
If this game doesn't get you fired up for #NHL playoff hockey then I don't know what will. # pens # Y o t e s
So tired! Running on 2 hours of sleep and no voice! That's always good! # sick # sick nesscantslowmedown
I'd like to thank my parents for my mad social skills. # social anxiety
imagine the loss for some churches tomorrow if election continues, no revenues
I just lurrrve these lazy Saturdays! # working
Woooow dad, soda & donuts? So classy
Karns looking thick solid tight.. Looking great for our 5th starter...
The KING has given up three goals in the 1st period vs Boston. Rangers should trade him immediately before his value drops further.
and # irony are still wasted on my children
this order of play in Miami is brilliant (beware, ): on some days there is no for me interesting match to watch, and now there are 4
Then I guess I'm a triple sinner because I have a tattoo, beard, and long hair. #Grace Replaces Law # T at to os # Christians # L e v i t i c us
With 10:56 to go Texas has kept the UConn lead to just 84-38 and held Breanna Stewart to just 31 points 11-16 FG
let's order coffee coz its raining
Espn's coverage of women's bball is riveting. Is there such a thing as non-revenue sports coverage?
I cannot wait to work today :-)
Times now says #Saina Nehwal becoming no 1 is shameful because she didn't win to get the spot, someone else lost. #Shame On Times Now
"Strong,independent Queen Mary"...if you say so.
But we know it's in the name of "Class"  #Spain And Prim
You know, I love my family because they are very good at understanding people, really! Although not for the members.. # Typical
Who's going to break my two-digit hymen? #One Hundred Club # Oooo o o #VIP
Getting our taxes done. Yay the best time of the year! # taxes
#Hillary Clinton wiped her server? Wow, what a shock. She definitely didn't have anything to hide though. She'd never lie..
I love sitting next to drunk, high, tacky people in the airport bar, talking about how women have done them wrong. # stay class y
Being single is awesome. I eat alone. Seriously.
Best dog award goes to Zoey for chasing the new calves 2.5 miles away from home
Wow £2 increase to minimum wage in 5 years. Be still my shorts  #GE15 #S N P Conf
Is it awkward or polite to hold the bathroom door open for someone ? # awkward problems
So far today has been fucking fantastic.
#R I P Farhat Abbas. I know we're not supposed to b happy w/ someone's death, bt I was relieved when #Bin Laden died. Farewell, Abbas!
Gotta love all these screaming kids in the Eaton centre because of the fountain.
Commercial: 2nd "once in a lifetime" event. Really? Is this going to be annual? 80th annual once/lifetime event? # not that dumb
I love waking up at 6:30 just to get to work for them to tell me they don't need me today
Yea, haha .. Thanks for the invite..
It's going to be a beautiful day.  I will rise above this.
So interested in the life and motives of a suicidal airline pilot. Where he worked out, his favorite cuisine, favorite shampoo...
Or maybe I should study, so many choices
No St. Lucians don't have internet access. They more third world than Vincy.
Have gone to Wembley for the Sarries/Quins game. Definitely more here than a typical game in CAP.
At last! Mall Cop 2 will be released April 17th! # movies
Love being sick on a weekend
Happy Spring!!!! (as I'm wearing my parka, ugg boots, and the temp is 36 degrees)
Shape shifters and telekinesis using vamps on prime time TV.Hmmpff and we say our television is regressive! # mind numbingly dumb urgh
This should be a fun day.
Hillary wiped her email server clean. There couldn't have been anything incriminating on there, or else she wouldn't have wiped it.
Dartmoor was beautiful on the bike this morning, the wind, the rain, the mud
Im so attractive in the mornings
Be warned, my tweets have a high level of
OMG! I THINK my phone's camera might be functional again!! Praise Allah (as Obama would apparently say...)
Yay! 4 to 6 inches of snow predicted for today. I missed it feeling like winter.
gonna be a great day cutting wood with dad
Sitting by myself at work like a weirdo. So much fun. # woo h o o
To scale or not to scale that is the question #15 point 5 # cross fit open 2015 # of course i wont scale # i l o v e t h r u s t e r s
wonderful snow on my birthday how nice
So exciting for this Spring snow!
Absolutely delighted to have a flat tire. # just great
# Hot h Diary-Day 92 It's snowing again. What a complete and utter surprise.
Hurray! There's snow on the ground this morning!
I just can't get enough snow!!
Eating hass been kinked to some forms of cancer. Replacements for the habit have not proven effective for sustaining life.
Called into work on a Saturday is my new favourite thing
If a religion teaches you to kill, start from the "god".
If I could give Brady Skjei some advice. I would tell him Ranger fans are extremely patient. Especially with young defensemen.  #NYR
I've been trying to get to sleep since 11pm. It's now 7am, and still nothing. But that sunrise was pretty. # just wanna sleep
Thank you for telling me of my useless worth. Please drown in your karma now. Enjoy!
Love it when my iPhone repeatedly says 'Call Failed' when trying to get a taxi to work! Then my boss has to ring me one # fuck you
This three hours of sleep should be more than adequate to get me through work this morning ... # it was w or r hit
...Because I get it. Cuevas-Bellucci match should be streamed.
Up at 5:30 for # work and it's # snowing again? Oh yeah, gunna be a great day.
To the person with the room before me: Thanks for the 5:30am wake up call. It's fine. I didn't want to sleep anyways.
WOW WHAT A SURPRISE IM SO SURPRISED!!! # if you are the one
Who is ready to start the day?! I know I am! Woohoo!!!
If fernando drove the Toro Rosso's car he will be world champions this year.. Just look Carlos Sainz performance..
Couldn't make it any sooner, but man, am I glad to have turned on my tv just in time to see the two McLarens on 17th & 18th. # f 1
Thanks Northland voters. Peters king maker again. That's sure to take the country forwards and not mire it in his ego. # yeah right
England have done really well against Lithuania, Estonia and San Marino. No wonder Bobby Charlton's scoring record is under threat
I mean, we do aspire to be the next Nigeria. Then possibly Saudi and Iran. Yay.
My new high score on Flappy Bird is 2! Aren't I great? :D  #Flappy Bird
Just heard that Toby Anstis is djing at a club night near me. I've seen Judge Jules Pete Tong Carl Cox...etc This is the 1 tho.
Happy almost birthday to me. Glad my friends love me enough to celebrate...
#Heroes Reborn = A good idea! How about we leave recycling to helping the environment, not TV or movies?
Thanks for making me waste my time on you
This just keeps getting better and better
Nice end to the night lmfao sweet!!!
Maleficents kiss wakes her instead. Totally did not see that one coming at all.
3 am gotta be up in 3 hours for auditions all day yes tomorrow is gonna rock!!! Just like today did!!! Love life :) :) :)
before u vote, remember how stable electricity s, remember our chibok girl s bk remember we have surplus food.
Just caught a couple having sex in their car in my driveway. #The Valley Is Awesome  #Next Time Ill Record You And Tweet It Out
Real cops in an airport. That would never work. # Red eye
I've been trying to sleep for 4 hours but I just can't stop thinking about how Zayn left 1D #can'tsleeptho
Thank you, Kohls, for crossing me over to the dark side. I just bought Taylor Swift's album.
I love it when my cat chews on my hair, truly
Thanks though, made my night so much better than it already was.
I'm trying to find the hashtag #The New Facebook Features Are Awesome but I can't find it?
High school kid who has been a part of music for 3-4 years obviously knows more than someone with a degree and 20+ exp. # just ask them
If drinks make you look better...I hope you get fucked up because I'm a beast trying to land a beauty....... # funny #Ruperts Fault
Oh how I love walking across the city at 1230 in the morning.  #Creeped Out
Pessimist cn only criticize other opinion but cnt appreciate sm1,s right # Opinion # my thoughts # criticism # experience
Feeling lucky to be alive. You know, after traveling in downtown DSM on a Friday night and all.
How does spotify know I just love listening to horror movie ads instead of worship music during devos?
The Master is Keller? **Gasp!**  #Friday Night Who #The Mindof Evil #Doctor Who
Day off. Wide awake at 5.15am. Yay.
Neuropathy's back.Eh who really wants to be able to feel things w/ their hands anyways? Tingly numbness all the way!  #My Body Hates Me
Here's a twist I didn't see coming.  #Friday Night Who #The Mindof Evil #Doctor Who
To be an # expert just use wikipedia. Then claim that "the main litterature of this topic...", do not open any real books. #Bitter Me
Doing what I love on Friday night . . . tax preparation.
Is the Contirbuter/Noble protector form any good??? # Fenway # Hart n ell
I hate when people tweet an inside joke and tag another person. Like only that other person is gonna get it, nobody else will.
Glad I can support the less fortunate
Up at 4.45am for work. Very little sleep again last night. Today is going to be a fun day.
Tonight was a great way to start my spring break though..
Hurray just as soon as I look up cases it starts raining... Oh goodie!
i've had such a great past couple of days like wow what a great time for me
Thank you mother that was the most encouraging statement of the evening # W t f #You Dont Say That
DEFINE INSAFIANS: Where there is obscenity there you will find me!!! # D ha r n a #We Stand United With I K
Been tired all day says I can't wait to go to sleep.. But stays up on twitter # good idea
Looking to follow new people. If you like # p l l #Walking Dead # B at man # al t music # in die music # horror and # bad jokes pass me along #FF
Love hearing my neighbor blowing down his house sneezing.  #T O Oclose
If it takes you more than one attempt to back into a parking space in front of me...I hope you hit something! # l ol #Real Talk
Wow omg someone got the same colour strapless prom dress as me I'm gonna flip they practically stole my dress # looks beautiful
I've said all season long the WCC is one of the best conferences in America. Gonzaga being in the Elite Eight *proves it!*
Hows all these ad breaks see noonz adless racing works!  #V8SC
Michigan State - Louisville in the Elite Eight.. Yeah, we all saw that coming.
I'm just here cleaning my closet. Such a fun thing to do on a Friday night.
Quinn Cook is such a class act
not tired=no sleep for this girl # woo h o o # wide awake # my life # going to bed at r and o m times #makeswakinguparealstruggle # rid in struggle bus
NCAA really put a good officiating crew out there.
AND duke wins!!!!! My night can't get any better!! Lol # fuck a duke
It is an awesome night to dance
Crumbled blue cheese vinaigrette. need a place! to wow guests or a great place! for a steak salad" this unicorns
Articles of Confederation became official. Its great, our government will be toppled by a slight breeze. Nothing could go wrong.
When celebrities are in box hair dye commercials. Like really? I'm sure you go to Walmart and buy hair dye and do it yourself.
So many accidents on my way home the highway got shut down and I sat in traffic for an hour and a half.. # blessed # please kill me
Don't worry kitten, the zombies are looking f or brains. You are so sa f e! # rolls eyes # f unny f riend # just kidding # f 4 f
thank you all for being such great friends
This is such an awesome night! I have a head ache, I'm afraid that my ear ache is gonna come back and I might cry too!
This is exactly what I wanted.
Working on homework on a Friday night. I'm super cool. # cu et he eye roll
Thanks cop were fine keep on driving
The shitty message I got from my sister tho >>>
I'd hate for Duke not to get a 50/50 call
Until we can walk around naked western feminism will be complete.
How lucky am I to have had a 5 am alarm set all spring break only to follow it up by another alarm for my Saturday!
Ooh, or even better, maybe now I could make my own cooking show and stream it on twitch!
Just chilling with bob watching the Blackhawks. Great way to start of my sprangg break
You don't say? Ice issues at the arena tonight, huh? # no surprises
Third wheeling my dad and his girlfriend. Fucking sick
Well this is shaping up to be a fantastic birthday weekend  it's my birthday, I can cry if I want to
It's funny how life plays out lol got to love it, and it's only Friday, can't wait to see how the rest of the weekend plays out
3am and back spasms still going strong
Strep. Nasal congestion. Fever. Fluid in my ears. And arguing. Great Friday night. # lucky me #This Night Sucks
Word has it our website will go down tonight after 8 p.m. because “maintenance.” Good thing there’s nothing we’d need to post.
Wow I have the best friends in the world.
I'm sure shooting a basketball in a football stadium is an ideal situation.  #Go Utes
Shocking to see Duke have an iffy call go their way and all of the sudden they go on a big run to change the game.  #March Madness
Ipsy subscription or a new purse..my life is so complicated. # i really don t know
Just when I thought WWE was the only promotion that does things right, TNA busts out a 6-man tag match. #I M P A C T Wrestling
Friday night, the perfect night to just stay in and do chores
Don't forget wild fans. Vanek isn't worth having on the team...
This #Dukevs Utah game is so fun to watch with the high pace and all this scoring.
So, both the # Cats & # Cards advance to the # Elite 8 - who saw that coming? # Common wealth #REPRESENT #BBN #Uof L
Man this dook defense is amazing and definitely committing no fouls! # beat doo k
Having the best night of my life stuck at the mall.
Sitting here alone is a blast
I'm so glad I have such great friends that are there for me when I need them  thanks everyone..not like I'm suffocating or anything
I have the time of my life doing the same exact nothing everyday!
Well done T&TEC 2 nights in a row with no electricity  #Third World Woes
Keep up with one fandom was so easy that I obviously had to join another one. # ya y me lol
Playing in high school gyms have really hampered the Zags
So what they got lebron James and kryrie. We got earl Clark # nets # desperate l y need this win
Oh dear, the planned reunion for my school has been cancelled. Such a shame. .
I just LOVE how excited the ESPN announcers are for UNC. Not biased at all.
Love how it's almost April and still 30 degrees outside!!!
Going to Alabama tomorrow where they never tire of hearing about #UCF.  Bonus: Georgia side trip.
Love it when UCLA misses fast break uncontested layups.
:3 what a fucking beautiful day!
Can whitesplain be a thing? As a black man, having a white guy/chick explain how I'm systematically oppressed is p oppressive. # le l
Oh shit I texted him a heart, now he's going to think I want the D # really now
Just drank a bottle of water. I am so good at taking care of myself, I mean wow! Seriously...  #St Albert
#Roman Reigns has the cutest blue eyes ever, OMG!!!!!! He's my favorite wrestler!
Feeling like death warmed over on vacation is just what I wanted
(Water tower at the strip district needs to be rewired so) this weekend we'll hand boil the water for your coffees! # artisan # craft
So # Per is cope doesn't use a ton of battery.
I can't POSSIBLY imagine why the neighbors don't like when we play Mariokart. Its not like we're loud /: or excessive /: or loud /:
I didn't want to go to Michigan anyway
Probs the best spring break I've ever had lolol
Omg I love fake people they rock!! Woohoo. # An no y in g
Oh well it was just 75 pesos anyway lol
I love the relationship with me and my mother
Little kid: "I don't want to share right now" I'm sure this kid will grow up with many friends.
I just love when non-pitchers think they can pitch :))))
I just love doing things I didn't want to do.
Kirsten is the most supportive friend I could ask for # l o l j k
Ya, that's the way to raise your kids! Yell at them and make them scared of you.
I never tire of observing which tweets are fave-worthy & which aren't likely to make the Library of Congress Twarchive.
This Gophers' team has no structure. Time to watch Lacrosse to kill time before the Wild. # ye o cliche
My 16 yr old brother knows more than everyone.. I'm one lucky person to have such a smart little brother who knows everything.
Notice from #Blue Cross they were hacked in MAY 2014 & discovered privacy breach in January. Glad they're on top of things # April
you respond really quickly!! dang.. lol jk  you suck at replying
feel so happy for Kane to score on England Debut
Absolutely shattered! # too tired to hash tag # bed before 11 # rock and roll life style # awesome week # bedtime now # that is all # first hash tag lied
Really wanted to spend my Saturday morning chauffeuring my boyfriend around to different bowls clubs because his car broke down.
Welcome back gophers. Missed you these last two weeks.
So Bradley Beal let me pause while I get excited.... # W i z a r d s
The religion of peace is mostly about learning who to hate and what grudges to pass onto your kids. Makes sense. # Islam
10th straight weekend of snow. Awesome.
What, with all the temporary signs at churches you'd think Easter was a big deal or something.
Saints scoring off a forward pass?? Never...never have they done that before # rug by league
Thank you for your support, my dear. You made me feel much better... # bad day
oh wow England won against weaker team, miracle!
My twitter and instagram are full of # beards and # tat to os oh well. It's all good. Lol
And now England are gonna win Euro 2016...
I love it when people ignore my question
4:10 to 5 classes are so awesome especially on Friday.
The most annoying time of the year is here. Its that time again for Ultra Music Festival and the traffic is always a delight.
2 tries to get added to my partner's # r b c credit card to simplify life = 2 "lost" forms at 2 diff branches. 3rd time's a charm?
Thinkin' about doing a few screamo vine covers... What do you guys think?! # so you think you can scream # screaming vines # opinions # help
It's so lovely being a first generation college student. # no p e # s u c k s
eating dinner alone is so fun.
My phone goes off a lot....
I used to have a miner problem with YouTube ads. But now they make me wanna cut my throat with a table knife!! # irony #Not Gonna Do It
Fair play to Raheem Stirling lasting into the 2nd half! He must be absolutely shattered + still plucked the energy to score a goal
# i s t h i s w a y n e b a r n e s This ref is nearly as good as wayne barnes.....
Carricks 100% pass completion is still intact. Thank fuck.
Here for 3 minutes and the gay jokes have already started. I love working here.
I love when it's Friday & people are in such great moods.  #TGIF
Great effort Welbeck. What a player. First name on the teamsheet  #E N Gv L I T
Guys who can just blow off work for no reason: what's it like?
Tonight marks the triumphant return of Spencer Hawes. Glad I was able to find someone to share this moment with
Well if this hasn't been just a fantastic week!
"Boob" is a Perfect word B=top view Os=front view b=side view *shakes head in despair* WOW GUYS REEEALLY?!  No, just ... just no.
Harry Reid steps down so more Democrats can get into Congress? What a patriot!
Please stop complaining about San Francisco changing if you aren’t doing anything about it. Or poor.
Class from Welbeck. Should've been dropped though to make way for the Kane bandwagon
Great passion from the boys during the anthem
So the (latest) saviour of English football is only on the bench? # h o d g son out #E N Gv L I T
Nice to see our international football team singing with pride! #E N Gv L I T
Have I ever told you how much I love being ignored? I love it so much.
Mam: How many beans do you want? Me: Seventeen. I don't mean to be sarcastic, but lines like this are a gift  #Love My Mam
Today is really my day... # annoyed # g r r
I agree with #Harry Kane not starting, Tough opponents, can't take the risk starting nobodies....(!)  #E N Gv L I T
Not the same on ITV without Adrian Chiles
love when I catch myself turning up the volume while watching films with subtitles # ironic
A middle east gulf on fire! just what is needed for 2015!Well weapons sale industry is gonna be good this year,better buy stocks!
He's coming, he's coming, he's coming. He cut me off. *Shocker*
Again guys and girls division in the house... wow so unique #BBCAN3
Today is a great day for some tennis! # but not really though
So Danny Wellbeck starts and the Premier Leagues top goal scorer is on the bench?? Totally makes sense  #Woy Hasnt A Clue
Hooray for being frustrated with myself this morning. I'm just way too hard on myself... yay me. :/
I only realise I made spelling mistakes in my tweets hours after posting. Great job Alie. # boo
Sleeping on newly pierced ears is a great feeling # the pain is real # oh my g ah
I'm glad this week is turning out better and better.
Cause I've been out of high school for years. #2014
So they're demolishing Irwindale Speedway, awesome. That'll definitely help with the problems of street racing... # water u doing
Horray. The rat in a dog suit is here.
What?? Kevin Hart's new movie is terrible???? Ya don't saay....
I just love being creeped on  #maydelete F B
what a way to get me to do a Grey's Anatomy # S c r u b s commercial HA HA very funny
Yay! My REI dividends are here and it $1.95. Bout to drop some dough on some sick gear boi!
I don't think we have a problem with too many murderers. I just think there are just a lot of murder VICTIMS # s h i t j o h n l y o n s says
Oooooh yeah! Another full weekend revising! What a joyful and euphoric time I shall have
Think about it, now, you will never visit # Indiana . I hope there is a support group out there. #Boycott Indiana #LGBT
321mil ppl in America & 1 party's politicians think just a few hundred wedding industry workers need legislative protection. U S A!
Thankfully there wasn't a corporate tax hike - CEOs might have to fly economy with us peasants. Oh the humanity! # able g # ab budget
i cant wate for the wedding! so much food to make and plates to cleen!
Mmm... Because that's what I want to see after I eat lunch... Dead fetuses...
Color me shocked that Accuwx decided to rip into the NWS about Moore tornado
Wow i absolutely love starting my spring break off by walking home in the snow # o h i o p r o b z
Shiiiit. Plumber time. =( Cuz I'm made of money.
Favorite thing in the world? Uncomfortable silence in the library # its too quiet
Oh darn it! Now I have to cancel the family vacation to # Indiana . #Boycott Indiana #LGBT
Holy fuckdamn. You needa get kicked in the teeth. Feels good to be back at my old job #dontcalltoarguemyauthority # your dumb
I got 99 problems but i'm going to take a nap and ignore them all. .
Pretty sweet racing at Gulfstream Park today. Real large fields, high quality horses.
Yay, I get to hear my brother and sister cuss each other out all day Too fab
Anybody watching England? I've been praying for the day I could watch Ryan Masons international debut! #What A Time To Be Alive
I'm crying so much zayn malik left one d irection omg # One d irection #1 d # stop is is # hash tag # literally #sosa d # z a ne male e k
You know, I just love it when my personal space is invaded and when my body is some other person's play thing. What a compliment.
If women go topless evil men are bound to post pictures of them on porn-sites. It’s only natural. #Free The Nipple
Mrs. Ferrell came in clutch with that surprise in-class essay.
I think it's amazing how people have nothing better to do than play Call of Duty competitively
Surrounded by food yet nothing to eat. What a terrible world I live in. # first world problems
Nothing better than hearing kids brag about schools that they have no connections to.
....THEN let's treat them all like homicidal maniacs!!! Cause you know, it's obviously becoming the new norm # not right
Thanks Heik for locking my locker. # annoyed
The weather in Fargo today isn't what I expected at all: it's windy and cold
Raiveribeyge Jihaadhuge fethun sounds like a joint terrorist activity being carried out by ISIS and elderly # M a l d i v i a n s # M in i van 50
Love. PayPal notifications that tell me I'm paying money instead of receiving.
Why is it that people forget how to drive the moment rain hits the ground...  #Washington D C #USA
Somehow the Pens have developed into an uncoachable team? That makes massive amounts of sense.
Going to a Thomas Edison tour house! Oh, I'm so thrilled, the non-history buff I am! !
Nothing is more exciting than the $36 I got paid.
#Religious Freedom Restoration Act, because people in # Indiana haven't been able to practice their religion in yeeaarrs.
Well nap time before work at job 2 # joy
The best thing about being left in the office alone is the full capacity ‘broadband'. All 2mb of it! # n of i b re # card if f bay
Why yes, I did just go and get my reading glasses so I can see my computer screen better. #I Love Getting Older
Great job Gov Pence we are now making national news Not the way we would've wanted too But still great job
The best way to protect #Yemen's govt is to send # Saudi jets to kill rebels or civilians or Shias! Way to go # Saudi !!!
After cleaning internal mess, now we are moving to Yemen. We might end up in # Israel . #Say No To Saudi
Thank you America for the cold and rainy welcome back. I missed u too # over it # spring where r u
And finally #AB dv will never bat like # Af rid i he is not a #Tail Ender
A new UN security council resolution to designate Qassem Suleimani as the real Ali Baba & the 40 revolutionary guards
It's 11pm on a Friday night and I'm out with my mom! How fun is that?! No, really!
Working from sure makes you more productive. I’ve already spilled coffee on my laptop, phone & Moleskine and it’s not yet 8AM.
Wait # s j u b b offense was bad? You mean running the weave for 10 seconds and then going into iso ball and a pick and roll is bad?
Guy with the neon yellow sweats in Starbucks was really doing it for me.
The new movie--> Super Qassem's Yemeni adventure... The Iranian Superman on the magic carpet defying the Saudi siege.
Preseason rankings are 100% accurate and definitely matter
Dear #CFL Rules Committee, Vince McMahon called. He said, "Great job on 'fixing' the game."
Man I sure did miss waking up to the overpowering aroma of fried chicken in the morning. Thx west Charlotte.
Because the first thought to cross my mind after coming out of the closet was, "I'm moving to # Indiana ." #Boycott Indiana #LGBT
I love when people do exactly the opposite of what we're told to do. It's pretty great.
Nothing more fun than being at a racetrack in the rain
So I'm really excited about Zoe's new wakeup time, an hour earlier than normal every day this week. # quality time # why me lord
I'm a hair up kind of girl and my pony tail holder breaks in class... It's gonna be a great day.. # mad
Way to go Indiana ! # Indiana # in di an a bill
Not been this devastated since the loss of Robbie from Take That # one direction # z a y n pain
Things I love: sitting in an airport on s t andby since 5am # j k # s t and by life # you get used to it
Honey ! If u r God's gift to women ... I pray he keeps the reciept #LOL
When your Ex gets dumped by someone else # Break even point
Why are people so angry about the plane crash? Haven't we all had a bad day and then crashed a fully loaded plane? #German Wings
pining for the good ol' days of Encyclopedia Brittanica and filmstrips. # technology #ossu P D
4.39 40 for Powell. So glad he wasn't used more.  tweet!
*Hands registration forms to new patient* "what am I supposed to do with this?" ... you eat it!
is the death knell of # respect . # a lb a sayings
Ah the joy of having clients on the other side of the globe. Finish up the work right before bed and wake up to find more work.
Quality media in Germany these days
while you are presenting your work to a jury: You think you 'veni vidi vici' is it # hides my face
My fave type of profile photos are the ones that cut other people off ;)
Today I have a 3 hour lecture with the best lecturer ever. He's so enthusiastic and lively.
Awwww, what a shame. Harry Reid is not seeking a 6th term.
I love when I only get 2 hours of sleep
Has Nicolas Cage ever be better !!!!!! # con air # face off # acting genius ? Who knows ;-)
Imagine the Daily Fail response if we suggested that, as more men commit suicide than women, we should only employ female pilots...
Wait! You mean as a Nevadan, we won't have Harry Reid as a choice on our ballots!? What will we do!?
Was having a good day until my colleague kindly reminded me that England are playing tonight... Cheers!
At how well you're handling this, I almost forgot you're 5 YEARS OLDER. # mad as hell
Special thanks to all Service people who fought so others can have the Freedom of Speech to bash and criticize others. # ignorance
Read my previous two tweets in  please. #Warofthe Worlds
Because babysitting is such a fun way to spend your Friday
Want some fabulous school spirit? Come on down to west to watch the students laugh at their own lip dub
Investigation into prostitution happening at Platinum Plus? No. That would never happen there.  #yeah T H A Tprostitutionring
My Girlfriend is like a Rolls Royce, I don't have a Rolls Royce.. #Sad But True #IDK
Visitor Design Pattern: "Operations applied to elements of a heterogeneous object structure". Oh gee, that clears it up KTHANXBYE
Dad: Good news! Even dieting, you can have all the carrots you want Me: Oh good, cause they are way better than cheese # hate carrots
Sure, I'm off work today but wake me up at 6:15 anyway, body. I won't be mad or anything.
Waking up with a tummy ache is so exciting .
Sawakas. Natapos din 'tong putanginang week na 'to! FU, universe! I will never forget this! Hahaha.
Do people think I'm being serious when I tweet because I am genuinely being sarcastic # love it # life
It's a warm 36 out there this morning! So glad it's spring!
Who's this Garth Brooks fella people keep talking about? Been listening to some of his stuff, think he has a chance to be big.
Things I have to look forward to this weekend - getting to work for 6am on a Saturday :D # winning # loving life # early rise r
When a roommate moves out and you can literally write in the grime on his wall. Sure you can have your bond back
What a fantastic fucking week I've had!
Beautiful cross-field ball by Bosnar. #M V Cv C C M
Goodbye England. No better destination than West Layette, Indiana for my Easter Holidays
As it looks $GNFT might finish the day green
Got that dang Kids Choice remix of Jealous in my head.. Not even the song, the remix. Thanx Sabrina the Teenage Witch # love that show
Thanks for the support man, you're the best
Pakistan is the only nuclear power with a shortage of electric power... # Pakistan # power out age
Accidentally swallowed a bubble/pearl or whatever you kids call it & had a near death experience.
Approaching the 138 with no traffic. Shocking.
Loves Short formation train with no announcements  #streatham Hill #0722to Victoria
# German wings tragedy can't be considered as terrorism. Unless the co-pilot was a Muslim.
Are you on # Face book ? No I am busy making myself worth to be in a # textbook !!! # motivation # start up quotes #Hell Yes # start up
Ah, I see one of the blogs I read is just full of butthurt this morning. Great.
Aamir Liaquat Hussain LAWN sounds like Meera's brand Men's underwear # Pakistan # a r y news
I love how fake people are
Weekend will pass without talking. That's great.
Understand the real reason why he left??? Yeah right  due to stress? But he's going solo. #I Am Mad
Second meal of the day, woot! # serve r life
Oh btw, thank you for stalking makes me feel special HAHAHAHAHAHA
Oh dear.. How will the world cope now one direction only have 4 members? I mean this is a tragedy. Front page news!! # give a f cu k
If it's too easy let's make it more complicated
Are there any coaching classes which teach 'how to console people' and not make things worse with your awesome humour?
is the lowest form of a # wit .... Exactly! It's the only form I am capable of this # weekend ....
Working in London on a Friday - who doesn't love an early start
Aaaahhh nothing is better than doing 4 projects with boards due tomorrow # t h e p r o c r as tin at or sl if e #myschoolgivetoomuchprojects
Thank you for giving up on me my dear charger. Thank you.
Best thing about warm weather living in NW PDX: screaming fools walking by
Really loving the fact that my phone doesn't work now
Wait what? Zayn left 1D? # interest in g #Zayn Malik # people are raging # end times # oh no
Love not being able to sleep.  too much on my mind
Can't wait to stay up this late tomorrow to watch MSU play.
"I just pictured you in drag." "I knew U are the doll playing type." "Just nod your head and look pretty." Thanks Suits. Very much.
Whoa. Post-grad life looks so intriging.  lol.
god I wish my dog would bark more so I'd know somebody was outside
I just want to know one thing! Where is everyone running to? # insurgent # insurgent movie # di sap pointed # t r is
I wonder if David likes dogs?
I got fucking sunburnt today. On my chest. This is lovely.
Remember when # k state only scored 39 points in a game this year #Oh Wait #EMAW
I can't believe # Kentucky gave up 21pts in the second half! # Sweet 16 I really hope I don't regret gloating in 2 days. OK, I'm done.
That 'lazy' UK defense really looked terrible tonight.
Just think how much we would have won by if Coach Cal was coach of the year! #BBN #KSR
Solid no-call on that loose ball #X Uvs A Z
The least sweet start to my b-day: ordering chocolate chip cookies only to come home and find they're oatmeal raisin. #Thanks Obama
I haven't watched but 3 mins of basketball today but it looks like West Virginia is really give Kentucky a good game  What the fuck.
Sleeping in the morning is what i love .. # insomnia # h y p e r s o m n i a # depression
Sometimes i wanna be a true good girl.  strikes
West Virginia's lock-down pressure will take effect any time now. #K E Nvs W V # Sweet 16
The Washington Generals just tweeted they can't believe how bad West Virginia is getting beat.... # Kentucky # inevitable
If West Virginia keeps this press up who knows this could be a ballgame!!!  #Of Course
It's just great to see that your boyfriend keeps his ex girlfriend contact name with a :) smiley face!!!
This Kentucky game is close..Kentucky better step it up. # not even a game
haha it's so funny how things always work out
Girlssss it's always the guys fault
Did you know Usher is from Atl? # still love him
Slept for 15 hours today and now I'm going to bed at 10 pm. Oh the joys of being sick.
Never has there been a secret combination lock on our dishwasher preventing just anyone from loading or unloading it! Nasty rumor!
lol when people thought I was being for real
Well on the pos. side of things at least WVU eventually managed to outscore their # of fouls. 2 bad UK isn't playing hard  #W V Uvs U K
Kentucky is playing great, but it's obviously all about Ashley.  #U Kvs W V U
Mike Pence looks old enough to remember Segregation - I guess he just wants a return to the Good Ol' Days # Indiana #Fucking Moron
Thanks # n c a a for one and done deal! So much fun to watch Kentucky
Ya know what's missing from the UKvWV game? Whistles. If only the refs would show up tonight  #BBN
Happy graduation day to those who wont be marching today...
Today I was messing with the YouTube filter for a while, the younger guys I work with said, "oh no, no more 1980s movie reference"
I so act like I'm better than everybody don't I? Cause I so do, sorry for having confidence in myself. # learn the difference
If Kentucky keeps playing this soft we will be hurtin'
I wish they had more stoppages of play in basketball.
Good ol innocent, pristine Caucasian wife is slutted out... That's a stretch...  #American Crime
I swear your the nicest person on earth...
Oh no Zayn Malik left 1D!!!! what is the point of living!!!!!!!
My self-esteem is at an all-time high, as I have reached 200 twitter followers # Confidence # De term in at ion # Po is e
You know what we don't see enough of? Will Ferrell and Kevin Hart promos.
OOHHHHHH BOYYYYYY!!!! WV will still cover shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh my twitter peeps on Kentucky..... # in a next lifetime # prayer
Come on Cats, I can't wait for you to get physical. WVU is so out playing you in physicality.  #Beat W V U #BBN
Yeah! You show em W. Virginia!!!!!!!!!
Can this week get any better?!?!? Woot woot. Lol
No, really, UVA needs this Law and Order: SVU episode framed after the Rolling Stone incidence.
Oh I'm just coughing until tears fall from my eyes no big deal. # i m so sick
At least the Kentucky game is close
That press is killing Kentucky right now!  #W V Uvs U K
Man, that Daxter Miles guarantee is going over real well so far.
I’m shocked, SHOCKED, that WVU can’t score against Kentucky
Cappy talks about changes, about being sick of certain combos. But Please don't break up the 4th line! Ever!! # is les
Shocking that Kentucky came out swinging in this game. It's like something gave them extra motivation or something… # good grief
Oooof cooourse fucking Chillarrens BLAME US for Darren's account being ''hacked'' Didn't see THAT coming.
Oh the struggles of privileged white people on drugs...  #American Crime
Going to Easter egg hunts this weekend to tell children that candy rots your teeth and there is no Easter Bunny. # Easter # Humor
At least Wisconsin players don't complain on every foul call.
The person who invents a Twitter  font is going to make bajillions.
Running an 800m with respiratory sickness is definitely what I joined track for
Imagine how good we'd be if we played hard. #BBN
Because I'm sure you'd all miss my tweets
I was really hoping for a bit more excitement and suspense. # B a d g e r s
I love high school dances. The # music choices are so classy # e w w
Thanks for the awesome night with just you and me....
So As per tweets in my timeline, #US state # Indiana is on verge of becoming like # Pakistan ! Is it true dear American friends??
Quick, someone new follow me so that my Internet-based self-esteem is restored # worth it #Things I Do In My Living Room
If India was not democratic nation then I might have stripped off KRK's skin on acc. of showing his absolute IQ in his tweets.
Always loved having my life controlled over by my parents
Doing my english homework... just 30 pages left. Yaaaaaaay
So this is one of those "let's only call the Rangers for penalties" games. Cool.
Unreal. They couldn't have done that 2 minutes ago. I love DC sports...
Kris Bryant is 0-4 tonight with 3 k's. # bust
Great consistency by the officials on drives to the basket.
Zak Showalter and Josh Gasser weren't good enough to play at the high major level... # s m h
What a disastrous sequence from UNC. So atypical under a Roy Williams-led team
Way to stop that run with a timeout Roy #N C A A Tournament
I just be coming on here to laugh at other people and the dumb shit they tweet.. Some of you can be real comedians...
Banning the niqab?!?! Oh the horrors, let's also ban a black garbage bag with two holes for eyes and one for nose. # d r e s s c o d e p m
It's so great to see that there is a lobby group for the telecoms/ISP's to stand up to Govt stupidity. Oh wait, there isn't one?
Oh no I put ranch on my salad, I probably gained a pound
"I cannot tell the difference between you and Mother Theresa" # burn # s c and al
Andre the Giant tournament during kick off show? Seems odd to me, but I'm not #WWE creative or booking so what do I know.
Gosh, I really wish # Wisconsin would show up for this game #March Madness
Wow.a whole period where we werent scored on...weird. # Sort a
I'm totally ready to get no sleep tonight # retail problems
Ron Thomas wants better access to documents. He seems easy to work with # west field in
My favorite part of losing all my hair is definitely when my eyelashes fall out and poke me in the eye. # c hem o patient problems
This is some really solid announcing on the TBS broadcasting. Wisconsin's offensive vengeance?  #Not Actually Solid #Go Heels
NBC's reviving Coach. Apparently, they're desperate for that coveted 55 to 75 demo. # rolls eyes
Love the hype video for the IC Title Ladder match: Benny Hill-esque music, shenanigans of people playing hot potato with the belt
There's nothing I love more than hearing myself in a recorded interview. Truly a pleasure. # party like a journalist
Hope we don't get any power plays in the playoffs
The strike is over!!...with one week left of classes well done #Uof T I'm sure we'll get the most out of school now
I can't wait to hear what Charles Barkley has to say about the game. #N C A A Tournament
Had a pixie caramel for lunch and yesterday I had a Kit Kat. Super healthy and filling
Sure wish Dennis Lindsey would DO SOMETHING today...  #Doin Work
Hoping the other bird sleeps soundly while me over here receiving all the sweet talks from the sky.
It's pushing 90° here in LA and next week I'm going to Chicago where it wont be pushing 90° Yeah!
Hahaha isn't it hilarious when stress eats away at your happiness and energy and maybe even your sanity # l ol # depression # anxiety
Looks like Johnson's decision to dress one less player is paying off well..
Oh damn...the Coyotes scored. #Full Tank Mode # S a b r e s
"I use to really love dying but that speech really turned me around." "Whatever." # community # je f f
Nothing screams "great draft prospect" quite like a failed drug test  #Randy Gregory
# y os emit e crashed again? no. that never happens
Leanne Wood, makes you proud to be Welsh!!!!  #BBCQT
So glad Claude Julien participated in the Bruins Foundation Cuts for a Cause. His new do looks so different # jokes #N H L Bruins
woah look out dillan nudi has blisters on his hands # weak # define n t l y failed the 40 day challenge
"Let the sun shine on the Bluefish" # quotes by l is a
Lol and today just keeps getting better and better # i d i o t s
Roses are black Violets are black Everything is black I'm blind. # poetry ? # blindness
There's no better place to socialize with your friends than the library... # s t f u
I ordered a calzone, and the server was like, "It's a actual calzone. It fold in half." Thanks for the warning.
doing absolutely nothing all week is super productive!  #Forever Alone
'Are you going to keep to your promises?' Well worth the effort in asking. # bat the for number 10
Darn! It's raining. I wanted to go for a brisk walk today. I may shed a tear
I couldn't give that up for anything!
Next promo pics I take are gonna be front face pics, half light - one side in shadow & one lightened. That's the DJ rule.
Classic editing from Sky. Not partisan at all.
Yippee. Work tomorrow! If only I didn't have to go to sleep in my comfortable bed. Just gets in the way of my joyful work!
Yay! Booking my tickets to see Coco and the Butterfields! Its not like its my third time seeing them or anything! Never!!
Sweet 16 starts tonight, eh? Oh how I missed the play by play this week....
When ignorant people say they didn't ask for my two cents. "I know, it's my annual donation to idiots charity." # code name du chess
I predict shrinks will be asked to predict if pilots will crash planes. Bc we can tell the future.  PhD not a crystal ball. #FYI
I love paying thousands of dollars for faulty tech.  #J560
You look so cool taking off from the stop sign in front of my house super fast young man in the black car.
Off work for 9 days, first email I work on when I get back and customer thinks 3 days is a week. God I love my job... # learn to count
Finally got my passport back. Thanks so much for this "FANTASTIC" visa application experience and a "WONDERFUL" delivery service.
Ed Miliband confirming tonight that Labour are branding themselves as socialists. Yay!  #Battle For Number10
Great contributions from Kay Burley....really top class!
Only the WORST boyfriends rub your back/shoulders when they hurt and buy you gifts
It's hard to listen to another new song w/o saying "oh goody! A folksy blues electro song you can clap and stomp along to!" # music
Luxury sausage and mash, thats restaurant quality in a ready meal; oh be still my beating heart. # truth about calories
I really appreciate how easy it is to get ahold of anyone at intact
There's nothing better than being used
"We should do everything we can"! Yeah, that's specific, brilliant.  #Battle For Number10
France need a new Manager they got lots of Talent but outdated Tactics, Wenger maybe??????
#Battle For Number10 Cameron "what we want to do over the next 3 yrs is basically what we've done over the last 5 yrs". Great.
Let's bash Hillary for pay inequality, but praise Cruz, Walker, and Paul for tramping on women's rights on a higher rate.
Maybe that Jonathan Martin money can be rolled into a Crabtree deal?
I love when people come to me only when they need something
What? The plane was deliberately flown into the mountain? SHOCKED! SHOCKED I SAY!
£12bn in welfare cuts but only £5bn in tax avoidance cutdown because you can never have enough #Food Banks  #Battle For Number10
My absolute favourite thing in the world is when a politician goes around the question but never actually answers it.
thank you to the girl that ran a red light and about killed me
Salazar has hit Negron with a pitch twice today. Clearly upset that Negron is 2-for-2 with a HR vs. him in his career. # wild outing
So you can work more than 1 zero hour contract now...hallelujah  #Battle For Number10
Working tomorrow at 6. Yes! # sick of this shit # need a life
self love is a good thing but self awareness is much more important, so you've gotta know that you're kinda boring!
REPORT CARDS ARE IN!!!! The day I've been waiting for
I'm 'welling up' here..... # channel 4 #Richard I I I # r i c hard re buried # get a grip
Make sure you barely wear any make up this weekend. And no need to touch up those lips, it's fine if all your features blend in.
This French team are good like, but can they contend with mighty roy's boys? # t we et lines closed
Cover letters are ALWAYS so much fun to write!
Mmmm burnt pancakes, I just love the taste of them! # bad cook
That new Paul Blart movie looks fucking hilarious # fuck in g terrible man
Our government has a balanced approach. borrow spend & tax .......embezzle spend & tax.
I'm at everyone's favorite place......the dmv... yay.
Six bronies on my school bus... this is so great.
Man, Indiana is THE place to be. # fuck bigots
What an exciting life I lead!
Is it just us or is #T X Spring Fest no big deal?
That makes me more excited to come home.......
So wait, with Religious Freedom laws, you mean that I can't force a Muslim restaurant to serve me pork? # disc rim in at ion
I was wondering why no one was coming by me . the "closed" sign was up im so wow # genius
Have I mentioned how much I love a broken escalator?
so happy that we live in a super accepting and welcoming community!!!!! there is no prejudice!!!(((-:
Getting accused of fake ID is also a fun time...
Good job Mike Pence. You truly are a great, great man for doing the right thing. Freedom for ALL is overrated. # D o u c he
I just love the # Missouri license plate vehicle renewal process.
Today's hashtag : #Small Victories lol  applies as well
I've never seen a happier bunch. # train delay # severely delayed # s a r a c a s m
hey sorry im late I didnt wanna come
I just love it when people assume how I feel about someone
Douglas Alexander? Can't believe that guy is not hiding away. Good luck, Douglas.  #GE15
People, Saudi Arabia is not an Wahabi imperialists they're just spreading the truest version Islam.
Someone left a martial arts thing in my car door. Sign me up bro!
How to punish .net developer? Throw him in a Java project and add on top of it all ubuntu and g it ! # it
I'm at work with a wounded hand that got infected #Team Delta
Free my nigga Steph who lowkey a thot but I still fuck w her
I love it when my peers "big time" me
Heard the # Ben gals are going to trade a 5 rounder to the # Texans for Jonathan Joseph.
.. one of the best bits of life
I v ape and listen to dubstep and looking for a chick who does the same # v ape life # v ape community # v ape
That moment when one direction is famous but not you :((((((((
So fun when you're the only one who does any housework
Thank you to the robofax call that woke Dennis and me up at 3:30 am. I really didn't need another 3 hours of sleep.
of course I love how everything has to be written down in a scientific way! :) # p using
Tomorrow is neon day at work! My work is better than yours!  #Seriously Get Me Out Of Here
People who don’t understand  are awesome.
I'm so glad the wifi isn't working in the dorm.
No doubt I can catch up on plenty of informed and impartial analysis of the politics later...
Just did 5 push ups show me where is #Arnold Schwartzenegger ?
Wow...I think I almost gave a damn :O
Isn't easier to bribe Yemen's president Saleh? Surely he has price tag that the GCC can afford/
I was planning on filming buuut my brother decided to break the lights in my room. Thanks.
Hospital now - whoop whoop # c f
I could be seeing my first hail since I moved here. Yay storms. # r g v
I think I was blessed with the cleanest suite mates in the history of suite mates
Don't get much # traffic at home. Parked on the M50 now, really enjoying the experience.
I wanna step outside and smell the fresh air but I'm taking a shit, wish I had an outhouse so I could be attacked by heat and bugs
I love when I do my bangs only to have the wind mess it up as soon as I walk outside... # girl problems
Thank you for putting bacon in my sandwich when I specifically asked NOT to.
Tonight, tomorrow, Saturday and Sunday= Homework
Yes, let's rush out to retrain the broken process because that worked so well last time
Quick lunch, on to the next exciting part of my life…
Apparently #One Direction is breaking up. I'm so emotionally distraught. Just trying to get through the day at this point.
I would like to # apologize to anyone I have not yet offended... please be # patient .. I will get to you shortly!!! atmybest
If this is what the rest stop looks like I cant wait to see those All Star lobby's  #damn Florida Residents #When Is Spring Break Over
On another note, Einsteins forgot my bagel # worst day ever # this never happens # hash tag
Can always rely on the # H a r r i e r s to put you in a bad mood! Brilliant end to a shit day!
What a great spring and summer we just had # am i right # buffalo ? Thank god we are back to winter and getting our beloved snow!
It's fine, it's not like I enjoyed seeing the grass or anything. # spring in buffalo
I missed the HOH reveal??? Ah shucks...  #BBCAN3
LOVE being reminded how behind I'm going to be when i get back to school
Why # lift when it's all about the # car di o . # hybrid muscle # do both
Bi-polar Indiana weather is the BEST!
*lego RedBessBonney:"day 2 of sorting legos. what fun. "
Just catching up and I noticed Campbell likely in the lineup tonight and for the most part people seem OK with it.
day 2 of sorting legos. what fun.
Teacher + powerpoint + sound effects = super fun!
The BEST father. Malaram ku sorry :)
What did comrade Merkel say to Putin about Savchenko? "It's good you healthy again, Vlad."  on german double agent #Free Savchenko!
Just reminding everyone to take pictures of their Starbucks birthday cake frappe today...
Oh how excited I am about today starts blackout week at work,
So this homework session is going great right now # distract ions g a lore
Trying to figure out school stuff after being in the hospital for 2 weeks is so much fun!
Lab is over and I am soaking wet since the storm decided to break my umbrella! :/ And I kinda adored this umbrella! :( # storm # rain
Yall look real nice in ya European designer clothes
It's +4 degrees (celsius) here in Scarborough... why is it snowing? # global warming is a myth
Shout out to Facebook for automatically playing a video about hand guns on full volume in the middle of class. That was cool.
It's nearly the end of the week and there hasn't been, yet another, low end lumia announcement.....i must have missed it?
Can't wait to watch the # P e n s lose tonight!
Way to go Indiana. Congrats on ruining your state's job force with the Religious Freedom Restoration Act. # s m d h
Don't you just love it when someone reads and doesn't reply back
I love when people ae in a worse state than you try and preach to you
AIDS in Indiana? Pence needs to ban homosexuality!
Omg a kid in college who played football, a top 10 athlete, smoked weeed!!!! The sky must be falling!!! How awful!!! # weed p robs
You know your day is going to be great when your alarm don't even go off for class..
And I see # V o d a com pricing now going up too - 99% of the time I have awful or no reception so I really don't mind paying more
Oooh no Zayn Malik left One direction! I'm heartbroken and crying my eyes out :'( # forever a fake fan
Yay for sucky insurance. ಠ__ಠ  $300 later and I "might" have the flu. #things Iwontmiss
Thanks for responding to my email an hour before the test, that gives me tons of time to understand
Don't you just love it when you're walking home and some perv wolf whistles at you
I'm just having the best luck
I just love how GPS likes to turn a 10 minute trip into a 20 minute goose chase. # first world problems
You know one thing I love...guys flexing their gargantuan muscles in the mirror at the gym. # looking good
Indiana passed & signed "Religious" "Freedom" Bill, but America is a democracy & Muslims are the religious extremists. # in di an a bill
Monday is might break into the 90's. Can't wait for it to get 130+ out. Whoo......
Like Guerrero, Maidana may be out a year after losing to Floyd. Because no one breaks you down like Mayweather? # box in g
Thank you ford for making my moms van so that it leaks when it rains  #Team Chevy
Played our first flag football game last night and lost. Have to execute better and draw up better plays. # grind
Almost back to Trenton, just in time for lunch at Great Western # h o or a y
It's a beautiful day here at #NOEW2015. Bring rain gear.  #its Worth It
Be on the lookout for 8yr old phenom Justin Credible, this kid is the truth!
Because SEX is a “dirty” word. And concept. And a thing that should be avoided at all costs. #Clean Reader
I don't get it.I thought #Gamer Gate was a hategroup trying to drive women out of tech & business?!? Why would Elly lie like that? .
Ted Cruz is going to repeal every word of Obamacare, explain to everyone how global warming facts are wrong. We found a winner.
Don't mind my . I just have some opinions.
Boy George and Culture Club are planning a tour of North America. Squeee!
My kids are SO engaged and enthusiastic about their standardized state testing this morning. We are all ecstatic! # test test test
And a lock down drill to make this day ever better
Good thing I have an umbrella during this monsoon. # r a i n y t h u r s day
Quit pikin on us backwoods folk that don't no no better Clay Travis, we dumb but we stil hav the feelins # I have better grammar
SB 101 will get signed in at some point today. Great for Indiana, lets just take several steps back shall we.
Last night Zayn had announced his departure from 1D...yet the boys arrived TODAY in South Africa!!!Awesome right?  #Perfect Timing
Sofia: I wish I could slap the biggest Slut right now!! Me: Self abuse is not funny Sofia.
I must've missed in the books where it says i cant have a bad day or have frustrations because i have a miracle baby. # i hate people
# An us h k as harm a should not b blamed, after all she jst came Aus only 4 one match & Ind lost that! #Shame On Times Now #CWC15 #Indvs Aus
Zayn Malik, ex singer from the band "One Direction" joins channel Bol as Senior Vice President.  #Always In Our Hearts Zayn Malik
I'm sure NO ONE in this intensely religious area where I'm at RN (next to a bible college!) will discriminate AT ALL.
Gotta love being an asshole first thing you wake up
Im seeing/hearing bout all my friends moving on w/their lives and im here still in school STUCK with the end in sight……..? # lucky me
I like how all the parties go in to coalition talks claiming they're negotiating about principles, not portfolios. Very believable.
Unfollowing me makes me feel SO upset. I def cried about it while I ate my bag of candy and ordered pizza while watching doctor who
I love when Word Office "Isn't Responding" and then shuts down. Not like I was typing anything for college or anything like that
Watch the price of oil increase... #War Is Good For Oil  #Money Is Money
don't you just love how Ramon Ang went cheap?! hahaha
If only German IDs stated people's religion like #Egypt'ian IDs do...
Bout to get so turnt for North Carolina!!!!!!!!!!
"Men will be lovers of themselves" (2 Tim 3:2), so that explains the significance of s e l f i e s # s e l f i e s # s e l f i e s Rstupid #Apostle Paul
This is unbelievable - the 12.24 to Glasgow arrived 6 minutes EARLY! 6! # Scot rail
Sure mom 5 dollars will buy me lunch
It's going to be a marvelous day.
Workinf with 500 primary school kids.. What a wonderful task
The guy next to me in the train is making a to do list. In it he wrote: "take the train and walk home." Really?! # Day um
Because I love yelling at my children before 8am.
rmbr when the reverend died. i cried so much.
Great is one who leaves others at a loss after he is gone... dedicated to #Viral Kohli for today's show... my attempt at -ism ...
I love getting up stupid early to take the tarp off our field
I picked a good day to wear shorts .
aww how cute, my uterus wants me to have a four periods in one month
Boy, I just LOVE being sick.
Yes. I am extremely interested in what Lousie Mensch has to say
Plain language benefits everyone, from children to field experts. Finally my 3-year old niece can read up on rocket science #SEPL15
Walking in the rain with an injured foot... Yeah this is totally not stupid
INDIA today Missing KAPIL DEV's 175* performance from wc1983 #I N Dvs A U S #CWC15
How many drivers does Williams need? Or did they just want Jennifer Becks to do some glam photo shoots w/ Susie Wolff? #F1
My last full working day as a CFR soldier today.... Don't know what to do with myself # emotional wreck
On my way to my favourite place in the world. # London
Jabse woh advt bani hai ' Virat I want u here in 5 mins' Tabse Virat 5mins me nikal lete hai # take light
Neither enraged nor extraordinarily disappointed.... Just feel sedated big tym with ! #Indvs Aus
People are wrong. Arabs are not cowards - they are great fighters. Well done Arab world, well done. # counting failed states
Hey every1...wer done!! Be happy...  #IHateEvryoneRiteNow....I wish DHONI does it now!! #Indvs Aus
Up quick breakfast then off to show how bad of a dad I am lol next pissing joke!! # piss take # fight for my kids # my world # daughter
Or I wouldn't be up at 230 in the morning watching shows! # but fer real # what would we do without it
Wonder if the Taliban is seeking charges for Berdahl after he deserted them for nine days?
Morning World Isnt Just A Fabulous Fucking Day !?! # moody t w at
Spitting up chunks of blood is always fun. # not
Isn't it just awesome when you want to sleep but can't . Opening Christmas gifts can't even compete
Oooo catch dropped by kohli..!! Cricket ball may be too Small for him?  #A U Sv I N D #CWC15
Welcome back cold , sharp wintery days & rain . I've missed you. You've definitely brightened up my morning # not # rain # cold # boo
Yes, the reason I hate dance movies is cause I don't have sick moves
I'm stuck having to pay $25 for the same headset that failed me after about a year of use. Oh wait, I could use my Kinect!
Don't you just love it when # Israel talks of the Occupied Golan Heights as if that represents its border? # Syria
Typical Watto. Absolutely useless.  #CWC15 #A U Sv I N D
Quick shoutout to that one friend who can never keep a secret. You da real MVP.
I love being wide awake at 3a.m.
When you drink at a party by yourself... Yay..
I love the smell of unfathomable stupidity, inevitable respiratory diseases and premature death
Thanks iPod, I always appreciate when you decide not to show notification alerts.
Just a SUPER great birthday so far
My local news just reported Pablo changed his phone number and doesn't communicat with giants players. Wow.
Finished my business management assignment in 2 days, I'm definitely going to get a 7.0
Just the response I was looking for! Thanks.
and of course i had to document it because social media is the most important thing ever.
Today is also "My office is so cool day".  #Indvs Aus
Wow.. #DRS is such a fair system. I love this game. :/  #Opportunity Lost #Indvs Aus
Also, there's nothing I love more than game invites on # Face book # stop
Can't sleep...tomorrow will be so pleasant as a result... # S t r e s sed
Love it when my mom thinks all I do is sit around and watch TV. # loving the support
"About to watch my fav new show, CSI: Cyber!" - No One Ever
I pretty much have the same job I had when I was 17, but I get to make 75 cents more because I have a degree, thanks college.
geee... Mike's not obvious at ALL... LOL # Sur vivo r
Why doesn't Gudreau just put Hockey on the back of his jersey? # greatest prospect ever # h art t trophy # kill me
UTSC Registrar is being SOOO fair right now....  #Uof T #U T S Cprobz
# van g und y is as good of a commentator as he was a coach # how many rings does he have # g s g
If India wins today's match, I'll show you guys a working model of M9+  #If You Know What I Mean #Na Ho Payega
congrats! you want a trophy or ribbon?
Literally 5.30 AM and I feel like shit. Yay me. Successful life.
My favorite thing is when people don't reply
just love going to sleep frustrated. It's the best
Well. Sure sounds like I'm in for a treat with the Hawks game. Glad I DVRed it.
Feel like I gain 2 lbs a day #Thanks Alot
Twice in one day?!? How did I get so lucky?? # anxiety
Bouma isn't the least bit intimidating.
I just love my uncles wives.
Seeing that there must be only 28 guys getting drafted, don't know how the NFL draft will fill out 7 rounds
So sad I don't get to see 2 hours worth of stories from Florida everyday anymore ..
An american Liberal's dream: a Mideast war the US isn't fighting, at least nominally
Did you guys know Adam LaRoche was from Ft Scott? # r o y a l s
Lifter's elbow... another form of mild tendinitis. Great. # weight lifting # problems
Wait. Zayn's leaving 1D? BE STILL MY BEATING HEART THE WORLD IS ENDING.
it's going to be so much fun teaching Van Gogh's artwork to a bunch of kindergarteners tomorrow
LRT I for one am happy that our PM and his ministers think so little of international law. Who needs it, right? # cm on son # can p ol i
KLove having one of those games that obviously means he wants out of Cleveland # C a vs
OMG can't be real xD #People Dying For Zayn Malik #Zayn Malik #No More One Direction xDDDDD  #Likeif Icare
most overrated pop band of our era broke up # oh no #One Direction
So we swapped five Taliban prisoners to get back # B e r g d ah l only to put him in jail for life? That makes sense. Intended
Was a long and stress filled day... Tomorrow is the same way except for a different reason. Oh joy! I can't wait!
March where in one week you can have 70 degree weather and -10 # lovely march
Today's forecast: Sunny 75 degrees. Tomorrow's forecast: Cloudy with a Chance of snow -13 degrees. # Arkansas weather
I just killed a wasp in my house. In other words, hooray! Summer is here.
Yes, let's continue to try and find happiness in the same place you never found it. Your logic >>>>
Bus SS 4 is ah poppin tonight, we're totally gonna take American Idol
Gotta Love when unconditional Love comes with hidden conditions.  #Da Mind Of Smiff
If you're not getting bombed from above, then you're not in with # G a z a , # Syria , # Iraq , # Afghan is tan , and now # Ye men . #The Lucky Few
Shoutout to the most loyal woman I know, Gertrude. # incest is best # not for the nephew t h o
Temple offense looking crisp. Definitely not a tournament team.  #Still Bitter
Wedding Set: Treasure Breakeven White Winter How Will I Know Sound of Silence Cold War . # oh wait .
So glad I har to miss youth bc of a baseball game I won't even play in
Isn't it fun when you are perfectly fine and then suddenly it fills like someone punched you int he throat and the heart? # anxiety
Fuck you for showing compassion towards me. How dare you love and care about me? # overheard in the office
I'm such an emotional mess because Zayn is no longer with 1D!
I'm voting #PCAA in upcoming election. I was just saying the other day: we don't need hospitals, we need good golf courses. # able g
I absolutely DESPISE when people walk in my freaking room without knocking. No bitch, I don't mind you barging in.
The Knicks are really giving the clips a run for their money... # its hard out here 4 a k n i c k
Noo I am not starting to get pissed off at all.
Clarkson being sacked, Zayn leaving One Direction and then Bendtner banging a hattrick . . my mind has been blown # crazy shit
Stupid Sprint! Your service is fan-freaking-tastic! # p is sed off # screws print
Oh yeah. Being stressed out at practice? Yeah, that's what i need.
Spread 90ac with recycled organic nutrients on 78 FIV P soil today. Does this make me sustainable?
Today I learned that if I just never stop thinking about being rich and successful, it will just happen. Awesome! #Law Of Attraction
#Who Cares If you don't RT this tweet? I won't ...nah, but fr RT this tweet
Isn't Oklahoma weather just wonderful, it snowed like last week and now there's tornados. Yay!
Oh What!!! A Dirty Lying evil government official? I don't believe it!!!! Lol # Arrow
I see the Rockets came out strong against a team they always beat!
Can't have the quiet, unconfident friend telling you about yourself now can you?  #Look Ma No Wand
How did avery bradley know where the free throw line was?
Gotta love SoCal traffic! # socal # new port
Oooo, a  page on twitter........I must follow it!
I gotta say, the new "strategic patience" is working very well tonight in the Mideast.
Shockin bout #Zayn Malik leavin! I mean who cares bout #Alps Crash & all those people dying! Come on man zayn is far more important!
Apparently it's, "Fuck it, let's get drunk on transit" Wednesday in Vancouver. I love my commute! # du h
Oh, good, Daniel Seavey made it. . # a me r i can idol
Sprit is the best phone network.
Is it just me or is it raining out here # wet coast
Sam & Patrick shacking up, how lovely  #GH
Ray is just perfect # Arrow #DC
OMG can't believe the BBC sacked a man for punching his colleague in the face. What an outrage.
Man I'm glad I tried so hard to get Dragic in my lineup, he's been awesome so far # mistake
I guess writing that paper on the destruction of coral reefs really took a lot out of me # passion # i hate my life
Wow man, these Warped Tour lineups are getting so good.
Armed jumper on the I-5 bridge, huh? # awesome # u g h
Let's eat more # meat , cut down more # rain forests to make more # l and for cows to eat their #GMO # soy # feed . #c l imatechange # fuck
My niece just told me Zayn has left 'One Direction' - How will we cope!  - although I reckon he's gonna be a great solo artist!
Getting ready for Kylen is prettttyyyyyy fun lol
I cant express how happy i am to have turned on the Bulls game and hear Doris Burke is commentating. She is the best of the best.
Well...that was a fun night lol
I can't help I'm so amazing
Clarkson getting the chop for assaulting a team member... What is this world coming to?  #Jeremy Clarkson
Excited for all the #NHL GMs to start offering contracts to 20-yr-old CHL players like they are w/ all these #NCAA free agents!
When a guy refers to every woman as a B... That's the guy you want to wife you up ladies. Bc apparently girls LOVE douchebags
you know a wall a much better thing to spend our money on after two schools collapsed from tornado damaged and killed several kids
# t y t live It's so sad when a white republican Xtian can't get equal consideration for a job, they're really hurting these days ;)
The Smiths sounds interesting played faster, can't wait to hear Kate Bush #34 not 33 rpm
A Childress team caught cheating?! No freaking way! # c heaters
And I'M BACK with more knowledge, more experience, more sense, more things to explore to share.
Running in the rain is my favorite
Oh, great. Shape-shifting frogs have been discovered in Ecuador. Just peachy. That is JUST what I needed to hear.  #This Is How It Ends
Golly! I wish I were as smart as you!
Remember re; Cruz: "Conceit is God's gift to little men." & "Never has anyone gone so far with so little." TY Bartlett's. # quotes
You know what I love? Printers! Especially when they say they're wireless but you can't get them to connect. Yeah, I love that!
People who rev their engine and speed off at the turn of a green light are complete douches. Like wow...aren't you cool...
Oh no Zayn left 1D. What will happen to the world?
So glad I went out of my way for you. I would never do that to a "friend" # never again
Wow! Am I ever glad that main artery of North-South traffic in #Ldn Ont, Quebec Street..has an overpass. Christ.
Tornado warning issued by NWS at 4:51. Tornado sirens didn't go off till 4:59. Nice job, city of Lowell. # we would all be dead
Lazy is such an Ugly Word, I prefer the term, 'Selective Participation' :p
I sure love waiting in the clinic with an injured arm.
Tell me she still isn't employed at #KFC # dent on rock # bet h #Billion Dollar Chicken Shop - a wonderful employee, note the
heck yes my internet is up the shitter again. love you, internet.
I cleaned up about 30 piles of dog poop in the front yard on both sides of the sidewalk. I just LOVE irresponsible dog owners.
Let's spend a few hundred million dollars more to study why young Sunnis believe the West and the Shia are teaming up against them.
Mom just said "after 21 years of relationship I need to leave this band, don't even look for me I'll be in a new band"
Who the hell is Charles? Oh yeah, he is A. Makes total sense now.  #Charlesis A
I'm going to stand outside. So if anyone asks, I am outstanding.
sitting here, not bored at all
You know what'd be great? If Michael Bay made another TMNT movie...and also if I contracted AIDS.
Because is it really the love of your life if you don't break up every other week?
I've waited years for professional soccer to return to MN. Gotta' jump on those season tix before they're all gone! # beat the rush
DJ's playing my song. SHHHHHHHHHHH....sidebar. I've missed those.
Who needs El Clasico or Liverpool ManYou when you can watch top class international like Scotland v N Ireland
WTF Zayn Malik has left One Direction and Jeremy Clarkson has left Top Gear. The armageddon is near!
Ticket sales for Gibraltar will be going through the roof after tonight's game !!
Captain Toad. More like Craptain Toad, am I right?
Has someone left One Direction? How have I missed this, it's not like it's been on the news or anything # who gives as hit
It was exciting to find out my pink wheels are different to my old ones  but they are the correct wheels for my bike :-D
Reckon this KFC recruitment model might work in my business!
Good thing Kanye gave Paul McCartney that career start- headlining a huge concert already! # kids these days are dumb # Lo l la 2015
Nice to see the US losing to Denmark, even if it is a friendly
To the assholes in the ford truck trying to get my attention...I bet your penis is HUGE!  #Not Impressed
got some great friends dont i
Ohhh travelling during local spring break. What a pleasure.
OMG A MOM JOKE HAHAHA SOOO FUNNY IT TOTALLY HURTS MY FEELINGS
It's lovely living in a world where a boy leaving a band is more important news than a plane crash causing 150+ deaths
I love being all alone in my house. I can do anything like, watch Youtube, eat chips in my room, & take a piss with the door open.
Good to see our defensive and offensive quality have improved so much in the last 4 years of Jurgen Klinsmann. #U S Av D E N  #USMNT #WTF
also jeez, stop reading into things, she's just talking about them adopting her, THAT COULD BE PLATONIC STOP MAKING EVERYTHING GAY
My, Does this week just get better and better
Gonna have to let the homies at Cornell know they can join the ISIS club
is a boon and a curse for me.
Take virtually any tool. Paint it red. Call it the fire service model. Then charge twice the normal price. # old school LOL
Thanks for the help. #SASS # a n g u l a r j s
Note to self: After a beautiful drive in the Colorado # foothills , close the damn sunroof because it might snow tomorrow. # oops
I cried all morning when I heard Zayn was leaving. Maybe they will consider me for the open slot in 1D. #Always In Our Hearts Zayn Malik
My music theory prof is the best! # we need help
oh no not one direction....how could you zayn # don t care
Empire? How To Get Away With Murder? Cristela? Fresh Off The Boat? Being Mary Jane? All flukes. Clearly.  #I Am More Than A Trend
Has there every been a GUN TRAGEDY the #NRA condemned...or accepted some of the blame?!  #Unite Blue
What? WHAT? You want equal pay? Lol no. #I Am More Than A Trend # F e m i n i s m
Pffft? Equal rights for Women? Feminism and the like must be a trend #I Am More Than A Trend # f e m i n i s m
Can't believe Zayn is upstaging my birthday eve. Does he not know it's all about ME!  #1 Dgripneeded #thankgoditsnotharryorniall
No, of course Zayn leaving One Direction is a breaking news worthy. I mean what else could people possibly care about more.  ლ(ಠ益ಠლ)
Inception - when you run a VM inside another VM, inside another VM, inside another VM....everything runs real slow.
Did Zayn quit #One Direction? I haven't seen a Tweet or Vine about it.  #Shut Up I'm kill myself if I see one more tweet about it
And you're doing a great fucking job at it  leaving me the hell alone
smoking kills but having a full time job makes me want to flirt with danger # i kid
Guess where I am at 9PM right now. Still commuting home from work AND lurrrving it
The Minn U expansion was just an elaborate plan to get Miguel Ibarra without doing another #Blind Draw #Sneaky M L S
Oh Noes! Zayn quit One Direction? That's it. Shut it down. Shut it all down.
Wow! It only took FOUR emails to HR with my concern to get a response! #Great Service #I Feel So Valued
I love being told that the rough draft got moved up a week...LOVE IT!!
Zayn has left #One Direction?! Oh no.
#I Am More Than A Trend Apparently we are hot commodities. Screw our humanity, amirite?
S/O to the random girl that gave me a free concert from Charlies to Simp. I thoroughly enjoyed hearing you sing the whole way.
Who is this zayne person everyone is talking about... And why has he gone in the wrong direction? # don t kill me
Oh Zayn left then.. Oh dear what a shame..
This #One Direction drama....so unnecessary,we should just make tomorrow a public holiday!
So proud of my team today...
So upset, how could they let him go?!  #Cry Me A River #Zayn Malik #ONEDOWNFOURTOGO
Since she is a Student Musician why isn't the NCAA checking in on all of the unfair benefits piccolo girl has received?
Go out for the day and find Zayn's left, Clarkson sacked - disaster! # who cares
Lucy. Proof that you can save a bad movie with plenty of stock cheetah footage.
OMG!! zayn malik quites one direction, the world will never be the same again.
They lowered the speed limit on 24 1/2 Rd probably cuz, ya know, people always go SO FAST on that street. # sigh
I was just sitting here and looking outside thinking, 'it doesn't rain often enough in NYC, I hope it does,' and what do you know...
May be pushing back graduating another semester because I love being an undergrad so much. .
Love that the U.S. released prisoners from Gitmo for a deserter.
Bowe Bergdahl who abandoned his post is to be charged with desertion..**great trade for 5 known terrorists I'd say**..
Crying over this guy I have never heard of leaving a boy band who I never listen to
Oh yes, I needed something else to do. # too much
Love groups that screw you over my favourite thing ever! Loooove college!
I can't wait for the epic gridiron battle between A&M and Colorado  #Would Rather Have Oregon
I'm so excited to go wheel around in this monsoon.
I said politely, I was falling and thanks for saving me  Why do they think they have a right to be grouchy! !!
you know its going to be a good day when you spill your smoothie all over your scrub pants, great start to my day
I'd care about poverty, homelessness, aids, cancer, but some band had a member leave, and it's the most important thing ever.
A member of One Direction left the group. I'm sure y'all will understand if I can't hold back the tears.
People are heartbroken, their lives will never be the same, i can't believe #Zayn Malik has left 1d. I also hope the  is clear
Being stuck behind people smoking cigs when you're walking through campus >>>>>> LOVE that!!!!!!!!! # i literally hate you
Parents in NJ are outraged about testing, homework, adding make up days due to snow cancellations...let's just get rid of schools!
White people try to ensure the survival of their species medically why not on television? # du h
Its as if my world is falling apart, it was # Clark son now # Z a y n too! Why lord why?
Let's make a typed up essay outline due tomorrow even tho wifi is malfunctioning. # makes sense
It's a good thing I never take basketball too seriously because that would take the fun out of it. #Wisdom Wednesday or
am i the only one who hates the sound of people eating or drinink stuff
When did  a passive aggressive, negative, cynical, derision become a positive character attribute that people happily admit to?
With regards to my last tweet... # Jokes I just wanted to see how many RT's I could get...
An organisation that won't tolerate bigotry or verbal & physical violence. The BBC is a discrace! #Top Gear
Day 4 of 13 day work "week" #Sunday Funday
AWESOME!! 2 cm of snow on March 25th! Intended # we at hers k o ol
I love Wyoming especially how she can't make up her mind. Winter? Spring? Snow in the morning and 50 in the afternoon? Ok.
I'm cool with "Redskins" as a team name in the NFL. "Whitetrash" should also be a team name in the NFL. # change
How shocking is it that a rich wanker can't hit a person who's not in the same bracket as him
wow. I'm so intimidated. HAHA kbye
I thought "How Great Thou Are" was a spiritual until I started reading tweets.
The Mayans were wrong...25/03/2015 is when the world ended #Bye Zayn
Original snap chat story idea: blowing smoke into the camera.
So Zayn has quit One Direction. I didn't see that coming....
# Z a y n has left #One Direction. Will life ever be the same?
Soccer is coming to Minnesota... trying sooooo hard to hold in my excitement
This week just he Keeps getting better and better.
What we gonna do Zayne as left 1D boo hooo hooo!
Oh no, One Direction are breaking up - what a shame!
Oh no.. Clarkson and Malik both gone in the same day... What will the world do now # not to bothered # more important things
Well this was a fun "work day" they covered my shifts without telling. THANKS!
Package delayed three weeks in customs (I sent it a month ago)... Way to go customs, *high five* for the awesome service # i hate you
And big shock that a member of a group made up of lads who were originally single artists put together for money quit #One Direction
Internet breakdown a bellend has left 1d and top gear producer bellend gets rid of clarkson. I think the world may actually end
Jeremy Clarkson and now Zayn Malik, how am I going to cope
I just got an e-mail guaranteeing 1,000+ media placements, with a total audience of 55-60 million. Wow! Sign me up right now. #PR
Become a Doctor and forever be in debt. That Sounds like a good way to go  #Fuck That
Good to see a Taco Bell opening on Devonshire Street, keeping that unique independent spirit alive # save de vs tree t
Forget Paul McCartney, Sam Smith is worth $350 to see. # Lo l la
Buffer should get credit for creating the illusion of tireless work and dedication.
too many ethnic actors according to deadline? Yea, because we dominate everything else huh....white people cant have nothing!
So, thought my literature review was 'fun', turns out the methodology is even more 'fun'. # kill me now # d is se r tat ion
Boss: You're becoming a tea snob. Me: I am not! I just have standards for my tea. Boss: Yeah, that's totally different. # i love my job
They picked a real great time to hire a new degree analysis person
Dow below 18K. Too bad $KRFT is no longer in it. Up 40%.
Everything makes me think bout heaven & i need to stop thinkin bout it, i'd must hve go in hell for infinity years.  #Solve If You Can
Oh I love my brain. It blacks me out and when I 'wake up' I cry because of all that shit in my stomach. #mustlove E D
if I leave # h ol born on the #521 bus now - will I actually make my 5pm train from #LB...???!!! What will it be?! Ooooh exciting!!
I love when people exaggerate stories of my past to ruin my future
Nothing like spending the morning on hold with multiple companies straightening out multiple billing issues.
Weatherman struggling this week. Wish I could perform like this on my exams and still keep a job. # w e a t h e r t w e e t s # raining # us a
I've been diagnosed with ocular migraines....hooray!
OMG! Have you see that Jesse Eisenberg/Lex Luthor pic? It looks fantastic! This movie is gonna be so siiiiick!
Bhojpuri : The official  language against those who boast their english skills. :p
....maybe God sent all these storms to prepare me for all these emails I've been getting today  lol
Am I indicating  wrong? My last tweet was only favourited by an "ordained minister"
Omg. Yes please suck back a pack of smokes and the continue to huff and puff your nasty breath all over me. I fucking love it
So apparently cats don't like to be tickled.  #Pet Me If You Dare #Dont Rub The Belly
me: are they ever gonna get here? boss: you will love them. just wait and see, you will fall in love with them. #Oh The Joys
I'm so glad Cyril Ramaphosa is in charge of Eskom's war room, the load shedding power outages just seem to have much more purpose
Thank goodness God told Phil Robertson not to rape your daughters! Apparently religious people can't rape. # a t h e i s m is winning
Paul McCartney is headlining Lollapalooza. Thank goodness Kanye gave him his start.
I'm disgusted Jeremy Clarkson wasn't able to verbally and physically assault someone in work and keep his job. Such an injustice.
Oil will run out in my lifetime but we're paying $2 for it now? Glad we're so considerate of my future # sustain ability
Last nights main event... Double Foot # D ys ton i a Shuffle! Great fun! I highly recommend it! # d ys ton i a awareness
Nothing like starting your day with a lower body #HIIT in your room. # dead
Love being the only chocolate chip in places…
Now I wonder what the support act is gonna be.
The language of the few and select
In the frame 2 replace Clarkson...Evans, Vaughan, Kidd. That's a relief as l thought a bunch of useless cunts were being lined up!
Well today has started out just fabulous!
Turning up with maw maw everyday baby oh wait...... # c rip life # kill me
It is almost too warm for a jacket today. Slow down, Boston. You're embracing Spring too quickly.
Idiot: Have u ever tried this before? Me: Nope Even bigger idiot: So is this d 1st time u r trying this? Me: OMG # Sherlock Holmes!!
Christ. I didn't see THAT coming. # Clark son
Remember, fanshame others early and often, so they know you're the 'right' kind of fan.
Driving thru Karachi and seeing the ever growing illegal land grabbing at every corner caused by influx of migrants. #Thanks M Q M .
Jet lag is awesome! # jokes # need sleep
K # be an outrights very liquid this morning...
at least the morons had good grammar with their fuckery
Cropped pics are not suspicious at all... Nooo  Seems like the paps were maybe trying to hide sth or SOMEONE
I sat down to dry my hair. That's how much I want to adult today. # need more sleep
Nice drive in this morning.  #Flint Town
Love how snapchat tells me who needs love on my friends list with a cute lil' heart!
Starting the day strong. Oversleep bad hair day work clothes crisis because I haven't done laundry in weeks yay Wednesday.
Nothing like a shitty rainy day to make me wanna stay in bed all day. Good thing for me I had work bright and early this morning!
Lets get this party started. # i love my job
Accept things u can't # change . I can't change anything. # wt f
First track meet tomorrow and it snows... WOW DIDNT SEE THAT COMING AT ALL
It's fun when you text/msg someone "Have a g8 day!" and he/she doesn't reply back EVER! I'm not asking your bank PIN # FFS!!! # s h d m
Ok, so the whole #In5 Words movement totally not getting old...
5ft5 between the sticks today...woo! Can't hold back my excitement :/ #11 aside # f ml
So now Ernie Hudson won't come to comic con either, this is getting better and better , so much for seeing another great actor :(
I'm sorry that I don't give a rip about your child's tender ego. # sorry not sorry
I'm sure #Super Troopers2 won't ruin the original the way every sequel except Empire Strikes Back and Godfather 2 did.
And I have my 1st sinus infection of Spring , awesome... # Spring Happy Hump Day!
So incredibly incredibly # di sap pointed Happy Wednesday!
You're as relevant as the letter "k" in the word knife. 󾌱
I just learned it's going to get nice and cool, once again, this weekend. Hooray!
Yippeeeee i am soooooo excited for the drive in to work this morning # not so much
my prom was great . It was a hotbox.
Today is just going to be greeeaaattt.  #I Want To Go Home
Absolutely love those dumbass drivers who love to drive 15 miles under the speed limit and form a parade of cars behind them.
woke up at 5 and i cant sleep anymore my feet are soo sore and i feel sick but but on the bright side im alive # you get it
My life may not be perfect BUT it's Wayyyyy better than yours ;)
Whn I talk abt #March Madness wid friends.They turn back 2me wid'No wonder swty U r a MarchBorn' N m like Ws dat a # compliment or ?
This week is going great already
Shocked! Just managed to buy something in Kent with a Scottish Note. Who'd have thought it.  as I spend them every time I'm down
I just LOVE dependable people. # nobody is dependable
Congratulations on having your priorities straight.
RUNNING ON ONE HOUR OF SLEEP IS SO GREAT
Love a good bit of good customer service from HMRC
I wonder is stupidity is a profession or are you just gifted?
Great value for money commuting in to work. Today I got a tour of the Hertfordshire countryside and I didn't have to pay a penny!
1st work photo was bad so its take 2 today... no pressure... its actually really helpful that my hair wants to do its own thing
That 8 page HW assignment was nothing! I still have less than 6 hours to sleep! #R E Maint Even Important
Over worked Under paid Under appreciated Tired Sick like symptoms Guna be a great day and shift
Oh yeah, i love wednesdays. Working with all the crabby pissy people
Loving #British Columbia # health care system! still waiting for surgery... #Canadian Problems #Vancouver Problems # Van city
Love when I'm working on a computer and I download the wrong version of the right program.
helps me overcome the harshness of the # reality we live, eases the pain of scars and makes people # smile . -Mahmoud Darwish
42.7 percent of all # statistics are made up on the spot. Including this one.
My phone is all types of fucked up. Plus I can't sleep. Yay.
...you know, since everyone's aware of the fact that I'm totally ignorant when it comes to # m a t h e m a t i c s and # science . #HL
Already an awful start to the day.. Awaiting more surprises..
Watching Pakistani Media gives you diarrhea.. #Legends Of Pakistan  for the idiots who don't understand.
Well I'm absolutely knackered. Time for nice 1.5 hour journey to work
Now I can rely on Sprint's awesome, amazing 3g service!
Every day I get on Facebook I can't wait to see what Event Invites will come my way.
Oh yeah sure call me late at night & wake me up you know it's not like I work in the morning or anything.
Did you see how JOYOUS those Collegiate Teens looked at the CRUZ McCarthy announcement gathering ? #10$ fee
Really need to stop sleeping all day on my days off... can't sleep at night and have to be up at 7 ... thank you bales you rock
Germany playing tonight. Can't control my excitement.
When u r dead, u don't know that u r dead..It is difficult for others. It is the same when u r stupid...!! :P
Thank you very much, but I got me own attitude! #Sassy Since Birth
If you can't learn to do it.. Then enjoy doing it badly!!
Oh LAX, you engender so much love. # red eye #The Struggle Is Real
no, go ahead! by all means keep acting like he's your boyfriend... WHEN HE'S NOT.
#KCA #Vote J K T48 I D Spencer_Durrant: itschappy pupusa Gobberslob actually we don't agree on my youth or the Jazz, so............
I just love when people I've invited to stay in my home tell me I'm wrong about things.
F these college essays, I love every single word of Bs I write down. # b g s u
loveee how I just had such a terrible dream that now I can't sleep
I love how sore I am.
Ha. Haha. Ha. I may have just screwed myself into working 7-11p tomorrow. # A we some
Treat everyone with kindness. It does nothing for you but suck out your soul - but if I run into you, it’s nicer for me.
Good to know females are the only ones worth apologizing to....
Way to come up big #N H L Jets
People who celebrate every month of dating as an anniversary are just great..
Cheers to a nice fucking life
1 1/2 hours of streaming, NO views. Its because I'm not an attractive female gamer. Thanks so much for the support everyone.
#Rolls Eyes  I don't wanna work! #Naps Are Great
Birthday is in 5 days. Yay me.
I have to admit I lost my cool at these points during the day: IRD; teenager. Their response was remarkably similar
Why can't you see the gems you pick.
Tree sex is safe sex guys. # people are dumb
#P L L Finale otherwise know as #Big A Disappointment So glad I invested so much of my time and energy and lack of sleep on this.
I just love it when people tell me things like "you need to eat a cheeseburger" or stuff like that. :') makes me feel so great.
Theresa has used up all her sick days? Shocked I tell ya...shocked.
Well goodnight. Gonna sleep fabulous tonight.
I've come to the conclusion that we pay more money to wipe our ass than it costs to buy a newspaper. That's sad. # funny # facts
I love nights when I can't sleep and have to be up at 6am the next day...love it  AtItsFinest -_-
Totally love it when my hearing aids feedback whenever I want to lay down or rest my head  #Deaf Problems
Oh you know what would make things better, If you go off on me
I'm sure there are people writing for Russia Insider that have flexible attitudes towards modern Ukraine, right?
What?? There's no region for the 51st state of USA? What are we Australians meant to do then??? :p
The straight Darren club thinks calling Darren gay insults him. But of course they aren't homophobic.
I LOVE Hayden's essays almost as much as I LOVE Ms. Olson.
I don't know why I'm so attractive I just am
Guess who got fucked over at work? # Great #And Im In Pain
I need more followers....why don't more people know how awesome I am?
Come on folks these 2 teams play bad hockey & completely rely on their goalies. These teams are obviously not contenders # m t l hockey
Wow this spring break has been great :)))
I prefer George Stroumboulopoulos interviewing Nickelback.  Nickelback sucks!
I love when people don't reply to me
Surprise , Surprise !!! REALLY SUPRISE !!!
Slater mishandled the puck? Nooooooooooo way.
glad everyone let me know how the meet went today
I love that my work IT dept is in the Philippines now instead of Toronto  #paaswordsthatchangeevery90dayscanlickme
# l r t Oh boooo-hoooooo! Wtf, for real. God forbid things be even 50-50. How *horrible*
#Shoot The Gays Sure, I'll agree as long as we can shoot the innocent straights, kill dogs, run over babies.
Time to get one of these damned shipping asks out of the way... Great.
This guy from Tennessee on Tosh is giving us a great name...
# jets getting a ton of help on the out of town scoreboard tonight, like always
Breaking: According to #MSM we should ignore laws we don't like About time  #You Cruz You Lose
Thanks dawg your a big help
When you are venting to your friend and it's apparent they don't care the slightest bit.... # what a true friend
Wait!!!!! The Penguins had a 2 goal lead and lost?!?! Shocker! I'm so surprised that happened!!! # typical # P e n s # not actually shocked
Writing my thesis is so much fun # cap stone # college # life of a student
Monta should know he's never getting that call.  #D A Lvs S A S
Nothing better than an angry reviewer that doesn't even read the grant properly to confort you in your dreams # a c ad em i a # funding
Hmm so people from my crappy hometown who've hated me since I was 15 are talking crap about me.... That's news
Grandpa: Man you should have seen the house it looked brand new! Grandma: Yeah that's how things look when their just painted.
Massive headache thanks to unwanted # family drama . Joy........ I think I'll try to sleep it off.
My dentist never called me back today... Good thing I'm not in pain or anything.
I love how Cathy says "I have a great group of dancers this week"... Bc you should a diff dancers every week??Amiright?? #Dance Moms
What? PLL said they would reveal A but then really didn't??? That's shocking!!
I get so much support from my family!
The # J e t s have filed tampering charges against the # Pat riots for Robert Kraft's comments. This deserves much more media attention.
Done for the night, but if you're cold, check out my timeline, it's straight fire. # me tt a
So Jason has a twin! Nice one PLL! #Big A Reveal
euhm ok so since when does Charles exist? &,ya totally cool to introduce a twin in the 5th season.. # what big a reveal # this is e f fed up
Trig is so calming. Like it doesn't stress me out in the least
Glad to know I go to a school where someone feels like anonymously reporting a kid to the police for being black & in the building
The whole carriage is empty so of course its totally fine that you sit right next to me # t r a n s pert h
Ok, time to fire Jim Rutherford. # pens
I will see your and raise you some # s ass .
TIL that along with shoulders, thighs are also a body part that can prevent boys/men from normal everyday function. #The More You Know
i wonder if PLL is on?
A IS MIKE!:0 omg!  if it actually was it'd be so funny though!
Missed my connecting flight. Rude United customer service sent me to American. Got a 3.5 hour layover. I'm the luckiest girl!
Govt has the right to influence church but church can't influence its members on moral issues in the Govt? Seems logical.
Okay I'm not confused at all! #Big A Reaveal
I work in the tech industry. I know some really smart tech savvy men. But these #PLL dudes are clearly way smarter.
Oh no I couldn't possibly see that coming #Big A Reveal
I sure miss working in Seattle. # traffic
Every time I tell my mom I'm talking to a friend, she gives me the weirdest look she thinks so highly of me *eye roll*
some people need to reduce the excess use of hashtags # wt f # chill out # l ol # like for like # angry # stupid
is product of shallow mind ( NCYS agent McGee ).
Is Brock Lesner staying with #WWE? Think I saw someone mention that # calm down
Meaning, I have better wireless internet at home than I do at the office... # shocker #long Standing Issue
K thanks for like opening my snapchat 3 hours ago! & not responding! Love u too.
My cold is gone but now I'm having an allergic reaction to my hair dye. Ain't life grand?
Have to put on pants to go grocery shopping. #The Struggle Is Real #These Are A Few Of My Favorite Things
#mychurchdoesofferabsolutes - if this doesn't get overused # old already I'll stick with the real lyric
FU English Language… You make no freaking cents sometimes.
It's a great feeling when you try clothes on from September And they are too tight
I love when I get home to an empty house
Its great making a big bloody effort on something when all you actually want to do is sleep & then getting a negative reaction.
Yeah whatever, east side. All white people not only look the same But also are the same.. sure. # animosity #FYF
Was lucky enough to see a cow peeing today on my travels...
Avery Ballard needs to hit the weight room and work on her wheels. Hits one off the wall, only gets a single? C'mon man.
Less than two weeks till I can be mean again. Bc that's what Lent is about. Trying to better yourself but failing.
I do love when #PTSD rushes in my brain at night time. When alone. All the fear. All the feelings. Ace. # wt f brain
My online boyfriend hasn't contacted me in too days. I'm so sad.
funny how parents never seem to be wrong because they are totally perfect and never make mistakes
This week just keeps getting better and better # housing stressed
Heath Bell retired today. I will remember him very fondly for his time as a D Back and all the great games he had
Gosh, I just can't get over how cool my dad is...
How's about telling us that the Birkenhead tunnel is SHUT before leaving the M53! Really enjoying my detour round b'head
I'm sure Ted Cruz defended the Dixie Chicks when they spoke out against Bush  #T Y T Live
Let's just continue to keep America divided and far from progression
Drinking a cold one, folding laundry and watching Gossip Girl. My life is so glamorous.
internet keeps going in and out on my computer... freaking love it! # super annoying # hate my computer
Can you believe how scummy stage left is?
Thank you small cracks in bathroom stales, for providing my life very awkward eye contact that I so desperately want.
I think Josh Gad is just about ready to EXPLODE, professionally! #Josh Gad
Sick, cold and tired... What a great day I'm going to have
It’s great that we have 24 hours to figure out and book a #U S Airways award flight. Feel the excitement, hear the . #AA
Love being a meteor user, they give such good coverage, deals, services and their staff couldn't be more helpful
always feel a bit gross whenever I use a hashtag for # genuine purposes rather than as some kind of self-deprecating observation or
And if a frog had wings it wouldn't bump it's ass when it hops
There isn´t a better feeling than that one you get when you order your TOEFL exam... yey..
Today I got to call US Immigration with some questions. That was fun ...
So excited about working til 10 pm.
All it takes is some 40 degree weather to bring out the picketers at work can't wait for summer.
#Gamer Gate So talking to a woman equals harrassment. Wow Anti-GG, I didn't know that ( , Antis are delusional as shit)
I overused my brain today. Going back to bed. Bye.
A God without wrath brought men without sin to a kingdom without judgement through the work of a Christ without a cross -Niebuhur
Thank you, Twitter and Facebook, for being so full of interesting conversations today. My productivity really needed the break.
Anxiety, welcome back, did I ever fucking miss you # mind games #dontyouseewereinseperable
No off the lows today! Stocks finish near lows. S&P back below 2,100 & Nasdaq slips under 5K. Dow still above 18K. Moral victory.
Buzzin to find out who A is # i m not #whatis A # i don t care
Hopefully everyone gets turned off by the country headliners and Summerfest stays really low-key this year.
So I'm not starting my Scavenger Hunt Project too late am I?
God must love stupid people. He made so many.
Felt so crap today, went into town spent nearly all my money and I still feel crap! Life is great!
about to start rolling the ceiling. my favorite. # h o m e i m p r o v e m e n t s
I love when people ignore me! It's one of my favorite things
OFPBlueFalcon: ReignOfKingsG it's cool guys don't worry about the # hackers they make game sooo much fun #ban hackers # step up your game
Does someone have a cane I can borrow? I'm so old now. Every time I walk I can hear my bones crack # birthday joke
is # life an ability 2 see behind walls, masks, facades & turn that # truth into a laugh that can heal the world if done correctly ☆
... who has the job because of a history of conquest"
I wish the Kerala political parties declared their hartal in tandem with the ICC 2015 matches  #Developing World Problems
So Olivera signed with the Dodgers. I bet Puig is happy with that. Lol!  #Baet L A #Go Giants!
I'm just in a great mood today.
...and don'cha love when said allergies make you sound like hammered horse shit when you're singing? I sure do!
Don'cha just love allergies? I sure do!
Nothing better than a good ole vaginal exam from a foreign doctor
How did anyone manage to gain muscle before the IPad was invented  #Cant Train Without My Ipad
oh and the best news of today: I have to work 5 Saturdays in the next 10 weeks. Isn't that awesome
I just had this 5 year old tell me that I'm going to hell in free speech alley he has a bright future
Yay to this 1.5hr webinar... The excitement # i have not had lunch
Love being in the city with non-New Yorkers
Yes, mammoth sounds very French doesn't it!  #The Chase
Hipster Cleveland fans are the best fans
I love how my grand parents give me free cars and wish me a happy birthday and spoil me. # shit t y g r and parents
Wow, I made it 4 whole days.  Twitter helps me avoid facing reality and living, so I have to limit it.
Love that my teacher thinks she knows everything # chill # c c c p robs
Lol. I love when people follow me just to unfollow me shortly after.
Ohhh I love getting yelled at
Nothing better than a patronising twat of an optician #Made My Day
How about another book, podcast, or eBook on how to be an entrepreneur and start your dream career? We need more of those...
# home school while packing is my new favorite thing in the universe. Then throw a # t odd le r into the mix. # home school erproblems
Dragged hubs to dentist. In a lot of pain. I suspect may need wisdom tooth pulled. He's so excited.
I am starting to think that it's not the real #Grumpy Cat writing all those clever tweets.
I can't believe the EBTA cruise is stopping at Liverpool & Dublin, yeah cause they both have the appeal Castaway Cay does # as if
Yes cause # T d m on # waste l and is the best mixture ever.
Soooooooo... Cracked my tooth in half, now I'm on the way to the # dentist man... YAYYYYYY!!!
Hey yo Indiana, separation of church and state maybe? Slippery slope, Hoosiers. So proud.
#Bring Back Clarkson hope they announce the results of the inquiry after the stock market closes. Wouldn't want a worldwide crash.
Looking good so far # Re pub l i cans . # Cruz 2016 # election 2016
It took them years to build the reputation of being # c h o k e r s how could they suddenly win a knockout match and destroy that ? #N Zv S A
Oh now youtube suddenly wants to work. Complaining helps as always apparently.
I THINK hillsong United is available for pre order ;) lol # hill song united
Oh ya. You really look like a bad*ss wearing a tank top during school.
Guys, I get to go on a funeral field trip on Thursday!
Drumroll: There's going to a competition for starting center. That should be fun. # Colts
Yes, Chrome has won at 1 3/16 + 1 1/4, but has he ever won at exactly 2000 meters? I didn't think so! Major red flag!
FACT: Earthquakes create jobs too FACT: Regulations have always protected us from danger # rubble trouble #Dont Frack M D #M D Politics
Oilers really need to hire more bloggers this offseason
Hope that being # coffee lover wouldn't be an eligibility criteria for # T wit t e r sign up!
Just watched Ted Cruz's speech from yesterday, and I'm excited that one man will singlehandedly end governmental corruption!
6 > 1 Thanks Flonase. How would I have ever known that without you?
Shake Shack is right next to the gym. Go burn off all the burgers you just ate. Or treat yourself to a burger after a hard workout!
(ring) (pause) ... it has come to our attention that your Google local listing has not been verified (oh no! how do I fix this)
55 minute commute was a 2 hour one this morning. TTC, you da real MVP!
Intelligent thoughts are sooo over rated for my tasted. # dumb # i d i o t s
Such an # Adult & a wonderful #Role Model... #IThinkNot...bring your unnecessary opinions to my face next time! Bet you won't...
Please keep flirting with every girl that walks. It makes me self esteem sky rocket.
Yay I'm get to be sick today
Now it's watered-down and I believe the Disney channel offers their own version. Nickelodeon needs to update their version.
And of course Benny sees that. Awesome.
You know it's going to be a good day when you walk into the office and your boss tells you the Account Director quit. #Happy Tuesday
Obnoxious unfunny shouty twat James Corden does well in America, well colour me shocked
So glad this summary is going to be easy.
Oh man...I just don't understand why some people post such personal info out in the open on Twitter for all to see. -ish
My sister says,Today is going to be a? Niece says: a Tuesday! Sister: how about a GREAT day? Niece:how about a Tuesday. # family
Well it's time to move from being disappointed by # i u b b to being disappointed by the # Reds I'm so excited.
I love being sick and having to miss a bunch of school
So Ted Cruz basically said he's willing to work with anyone as long as they agree with him. What a good mindset for a president.
I must hide my enthusiasm to do my phonetics homework.
already hate everything about today and my day just started # ya y # u g h
suppose with 'European Politics', there's not really anywhere relevant that I could go..
A nice thing about being colourblind is not being able to distinguish between a yellow or green banana.
Must be terrible to feel wanted... # love
Selling stolen shit on Facebook is a great idea! # I di o t # sketch ya f
Isnt it beautiful when you have a day off school but have to study???!? # kill me please
Lumpy hot chocolate after donating blood. Delicious!
It's been a while since I showed someone my fingers & they burst out laughing, but it happened today. Hooray! Self-esteem building!
It's cute when video game guys hate their own community so much that they have to come for other fanbases to feel better
Well done EA.... 5 minutes from the end of ET in Birthday Cup and the server packs in.... Awesome Service. 10 out of 10. # e a s e r v e r s
Nice to see Honda have pulled the stops out with the #Type R #BTCC livery!
Is it bad that I just want to stay in my car? # teacher life
Can't wait to clear the snow off my car on this beautiful morning.
I'm in very glam surroundings with a b&m, home bargains, netto, Iceland, pets at home, kfc and Macdonalds # this is the life
I think "... you have pretty eyes ..." means "You has vagina. I has penis. Understand?" # manly men
Backed out of the garage and directly into my dads car. Dented the hell out of it. Looks to be another great day!
And what another great start to another great day!!
Oh How I like this.  lol You followed me, unfollowed. Followed again, unfollowed again. Girl, actually woman, any problems?
I am having such an excellent start to the day
Angelina Jolie's ovaries are more important than #Sec66 A. Period.
Yeah, one-day cricket is definitely dead # holy shit this is great
Is off on another training course today. All about social media. Does this tweet count towards my credits? # c p d # training
That last tweet was sarcastic btw. If only I'd had space for a ' '...
New Zealand need afridi performance in batting to win. So does South Africa in bowling #N Zv S A #CWC15
Liberals calling Ted Cruz "Rafael" are not ALL racists like the conservatives calling the president Barack Hussain.
Always nice to be asked how a program you didn't write works by the guy who wrote it.  #Office Space
My parents won big with me. . The Divergent series, adapted to my life. 1. # D is appoint men t . 2. # In sufficient . 3. # A g g r i eve men t .
Now I have to go to school with people and learn... the joy
I think I'm getting sick again. Wonderful addition to this already wonderful month and week.
you know, some people say that  is not an attractive feature in a woman. Luckily, i don't give a shit about those people ;)
#NZ is fighting with their hearts on their sleeve. #SA is defending with passion. Theres no # match i fixing here i can tel you that.
It's not like work drained me or anything
Yay! I'm so glad I went to bed early so I could get a full night of sleep.
Can't go to sleep don't know why but I got 9 g's left and that might be enough to roll a joint
I love finishing hw at midnight and not even actually finishing
Everybody against those who decided to type loudly and sneeze at the library!
if my excessive and constant hating # jokes make me a bitter person, so be it! I happen to enjoy it.Thank you! # Angel at heart
Everything just keeps getting better and better. =  #bybetter Imeanworse
reeeeaaaaally looking forward to seeing this "invitation"
Time to head to work - I'm not tired at all  WTB coffee.
THERE'S NOTHING BETTER THAN CHECKING THAT F*CKING POLL IN THE MORNING AND GETTING YOUR BLOOD PRESSURE REALLY HIGH
This 3 and a half hour nap is about to be hypeeeeee # l o l z
Panic attack! Yay! # money # stress #O C Dproblems
Wait, it's #National Puppy Day... I had no idea...
# fox news is really starting to get that # g o e b b e l s feel to it! #Mission Accomplished Yay free ppl protecting the motherland/homeland
Great. Now I'm annoyed and can't fall back to sleep I'm sure I'll look great tomorrow in front of all my family
Apparently my Twitch account has been hacked, oh boy! What fun!
Just so everyone knows I really really wanted to see pictures of everyone's dog on social media today. # not # why i hate social media
Guess what I just found out... Wrestling is fake!!! # W ha a at #Mind Equals Blown
Wow am I dumb or what?
Man, tonight just keeps getting better and better. Oh, wait... # stressed to them ax # worried
Only ever really talk to me through Twitter... Cool.
#In Elway I Trust Elway wants four compensation picks, he gets four compensation picks # Broncos
I just love it when spring break comes and you have a 1000-1005 word term paper due immediately after break, with 3 other finals…
Why do I always get the "Great Ones" and no I'm not really saying that shit for real
The joy of living in a # college # d o r m is that you have no control of air temperature. # not real la joy # the heat is on # dripping in sweat
My head feels phenomenal right now
I so love when my cats get all psycho when the lights are off
THATS how you end the go home show for the main event of WrestleMania? ..... Yea, this is gonna be good.  #RAW
I seriously love it so much when people use my stuff and not put it back!
I love it when someone tells me one thing but they act in a completely different way. I love people. I love it here. I love life.
nothing better than being cleated in the chin # kid could n t slide # battle wound
Yeah, Daniel Bryan's pops have really died out  #Raw Los Angeles
Mad? At you? Of course I'm not mad I am just glad I could be what was convenient for you when you felt like it
So Butler comes back from an injury and leads the team with 40 minutes? # B u l l s
Wow, I am so glad people care about me.
Oh boy…. “what” chants. Like that needed to come back  #RAW #WWE
Today I am on detox, see you then.
I just love to waste away the hours debugging 3rd party libraries I paid money for when I have a deadline looming
there's no better feeling than when you make a fool of yourself
Damn the Pages app is so amazing! # crash on crash on crash
LOLOLL Cena getting beat up on #Raw Los Angeles he is OBVIOUSLY Not winning at #Wrestle Mania.
That ride to lucias store wasn't awkward..
Butler's First game back in weeks. HEY! let's give him the most minutes on the team tonight # bulls
Oooh you unfollowed me. I'm so sad
No televised entrance for a man involved in a main event caliber match? I agree. #WWE #RAW #W W E Logic
Negotiating with a man who has said "death to America" and has called for obliteration of Israel seems like a great idea
Rusev vs Swagger next? Never seen that before. #WWE # Raw
Rusev vs. Jack Swagger. Haven't seen that one! #RAW
Sometimes the only appropriate response my brain can come up with is "seriously"...
Just HATE that Derek Fisher has to fight through all this  #Go Grizz
Toronto's rink is so packed # fair weather fans
Seems like the Democrats and Republicans have done such a good job with there is no reason we should elect a third party
Well. Perfect way to end my night
Oh Yay! #Bill Riding, my favorite part!!  #Strike The Favorite #Hide Yo Eyes
And up next on #The Voice battle rounds...Celine Dion and Joe Cocker!
Back at my wonderful mother in laws # joy
Nevermind, I'm getting it tonight I guess. Well booked WWE.
Setting Nikki up to retain AND the Bella’s to win at Mania; likely on a Paige heel turn. Shocker!  #RAW
That great moment when you find out you've been exposed to mono...
As a Knicks fan, you have to love when Mike Breen name drops Knicks legend Frederic Weis on a MSG broadcast.
Quick! Somebody teach me how to stop caring about someone in the blink of an eye. GIVE ME YOUR POWERS.
All is good my amazing technology skills fixed it # i did fix it thou g g
Swagger and Rusev again? STAY TUNED EVERYONE, THIS MATCH WILL HAVE A SHOCKER OF AN ENDING.  #WWE #Raw Los Angeles
Thank you computer. I would LOVE to restart every time I need to download a paper tonight. # need a new computer
Yeah okay Jordan, you would've put a big threat on the block if you won Veto, i'm so sure..  #BBCAN3
Hands down, the best part of living in rural PA is when they spread the manure.
How is it that a Canadian, Ted Cruz, can run for president of the US? At least Obama changed his birth cert from Kenya to Hawaii!
Gosh, I really hope I'm still wearing Ugg boots and a puffer coat in June, because it's so cozy and awesome. -said every New Yorker
Wasn't he the WCW champ? #RAW
A "V" shaped puzzle!?!! OMG this is SOOO unexpected!! #BBCAN3
Great job everyone being proactive in responding to emails and texts today!
It's so awesome when people decide to hate you for no reason, and then they block you before you can defend yourself...
Thanks # Chicago ... For dropping one last snowfall on us just when we were starting to think we could put away our winter booties
This Chuck is a REAL catch! # my 600 lb life
Awww poor thing got her feelings hurt. I mean, what do you expect when you decide to be naked in a Hardees commercial? #DWTS
Maybe I should just be a hipster and play a big band record on my phonograph.
# taxes are paid!! Now I feel poor . Yaaa for another tax season # B l eh
#OD_Mafia speaking fluent in . # satire #USA # church
How about some higher ed finance reading? That sounds like loads of fun! # grad student p robs # say no to math
I "LOVE" automated tweets. A disconnection from your followers makes it pointless to have a Twitter account. # truth
Nothing's better than your daily dose of inconsistency !!
3 catchers? No Bryant on opening day? #Fire Theo
Possibly have the worst dead leg ever!!! Joys of being an unreal footballer!!! # sad l i a my # pain # tears for fears # b a k e r i s a g i m p :-)
AND NOW CABARET IS CLOSING IN A WEEK
I LOOOOVE getting automated tweet replies based on what I post!
Well, a wasp just dive-bombed me in the shower. I do hope Satan is happy with himself for the cardiac arrest he has put me in.
All I have to say to that email is, thanks Taylor. . I hate this furniture class with a passion.
Shout out all the homies partying for spring break on that financial aid money. You're the real mvp
Go to my Instagram and the first three pictures are of Hero. I'm clearly not obsessed or anything # totally obsessed # its sick
I love spending my afternoon calling/emailing parents to tell them about their child's poor behavior.  #Teacher Problems #Long Day
Snow flurries in the forecast. Hooray! # make it stop
In general I'd just like to say that I win at life.
Yes, standing to get bad cellphone video of your kid in the musical outweighs all the people behind you getting to see their kids
Gawd I can't wait for the new PC to be done. Playing FTB Infinity at 7 fps is so..... "Exciting"
I live in a world with the most mature people I swear.
Taking Mary to tumbling is my favorite thing to do
It's #National Puppy Day too bad I don't have any dogs.
So glad I get cold pasta for dinner. Really so fucking excited about it. # are you serious # what the fuck
Philbin gets an extension and we have the same quarterback. How exciting.  #LETSGODOLPHINS
Thank God Dermot Bannon talked to that couple, I'd never have understood the problem otherwise # c b live
2015 has been such a hectic week! Weekend where you at? # humour
Perfect timing to hurt my foot....
I wonder if TeeSpring or SpreadShirt offer design lessons.
Wow, what else could happen today.
$PTCT obviously getting bought out. What CEO doesn't sell all of their shares before a huge premium buyout and Phase III data.
Ooo, a Gary Barlow musical. How exciting.
Mmm I just love the smell of Axe in the early evening
Is that all it takes for people to be impressed? No notes, no TelePrompTer? No wonder people hate Obama.
I'm fired up for Ted Cruz's presidential campaign! Finally, a candidate who truly represents what I believe in! Go Team America!
Glad to finally cross #Hernia Surgery off my bucket list, hope to tackle trail running in a couple of weeks. I hear it's fun.
Oh great a Hook episode. The joy.  #OUAT
Always the love the Atlanta airport. Such a mix of white cultures at the bar.
What do you mean Monday is over? NO I was having so much fun!!! # why mon day # don t let it end
I like a girl who barks back # attitude
I love when ppl tell me I didnt make Telephone, sometimes I forget which suits I did or didnt make. I need other ppl to remind me.
I'm a # mom and a # teacher so I use # t wit t e r because I don't talk to myself nearly enough.
mmm, studying at 10 pm, i love that... -.-
I love being ignored when I'm setting rules in my home!! Gets me ecstatic!! !!
No, you’re not the problem at all. You’re just a grown adult who called a toddler sexy. Nah, nothing wrong with that!
Ugh.. Nothing like feeling unwanted . Gotta love this feeling! # love # unwanted
is following me on Twitter. It's a Twitter perfect match.
These Liverpool fans r lovin gerrard right now...
Great TV right at this minute # sun 7
Today I am reminded of how much I absolutely love Capybara. it is the best # java script # rub y # program min g # coding #Head Desk
Snow today, thunderstorms wednesday. I LOVE OHIO!!! # y u c k
# dispatches is very dull tonight. 'Political parties hold fundraising dinners to raise funds'. wow - shocking stuff!
Just got out of audio foundation class to realize I have 3 finals this week. Can't wait # awesome
Re that last rt: Yeah cause that's gonna help.
Just returned home from a week in Cuba and was shocked to see that the # L e a f s were on a 5 game losing streak and not in play-offs
Welcome to the internet where your tastes in anime and figures is called pedophilia, creepy and sexist. Isn't it grand?
30 degrees and snowing on March 23rd. Yeah, # climate change is totally a myth. Totally.
Phone calls to tell me how well other people are doing k how much they're re enjoying themselves. Always fun . #I Hate People # fun
Am I USian? I sent a message that began with an apology. USians never apologize.
Thank you SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO much for disabling custom scripting by default... #O365 # Really ?
Oh isn't this Monday just pleasant. # day from hell
'Its not about Onions...' Yep, gotta remember that #Dumping Line.... # corona t ion street .
LRT: Very surprised BJ ended up at LaSalle . Best wishes for him and I hope he does well in the A-10.
I forgot how much fun Macro counting was....
Really glad that my AT&T service went from #No Service to zero bars on 4G. Now I can unleash the potential of this network.
I find it funny that the same people bashing Cruz are the same people who supported McCain... cuz McCain was SOOO much more viable
I hope the Browns ink Housler. I know he's the kind of guy that keeps d-coordinators up at night like JCam.
#graphicdesignerdreamjob  72dpi photos the size of my fingernail that are blurry.
Louis and Eleanor broke up I' so sad right now, my life is ended, I'm gona die, they were perfect It's because of you Larry shipper
Eurgh was like lets go pedro... pedro was like .......... your mum works at morrisons. Big up the crowd tho
You have no power here! Be gone before some one drops a house on you! # w i z o f o z
Yay for starting the week off with a root canal!
Glad to know some of my friends are willing to take a stand against bullying.
I'm glad it's lighter on the commute home. I get to see Hag Fold in all it's glory.
If any eligible bachelors saw the state of me right now I don't know how they would be able to resist me
Apparently, I am the only person in my family who owns one of those newfangled phones that makes outgoing calls.
Nothing better than studying organic chemistry # best evening ever
This may blow the minds of all the idiots & TeaParty dullards following #Ted Cruz Campaign Slogans but these aren't direct Cruz quotes
Man if only parents saw how these people act on spring break... They'd be so proud.
I love announcements for trailers. I love them more than announcements of future announcements.
Could this night get any better wow best night in ages
Spending all day on campus studying sounds like a perfect Monday
I thought that fearing things was bad but not if its a Deity, then that's a positive character trait
Wow don't everyone all reply to me at the same time
After all white culture has done nothing for this country afterall  #Ted Cruz Campaign Slogans
Dear Young World, What exactly is this # flee k and how do you get on it? Signed,
WHO EVEN NEEDS A PHONE??? # not me
Can one more thing just please go wrong today !?
Today is so productive. I've learned so much.
I just love when a person sits next to you in class and busts open a can of tuna fish. Love this smell.
Max Scherzer is trending on here.... Why is that????????
Almost better than Christmas. # free lance # tax time
Go USA. Woo. This will end well. # Cruz
I was born so unbelievably photogenic
I just love the smell of sawdust in the house. NOT!
I love looking through other peoples's code libraries and seeing TODO: test on every method. It makes me feel all warm inside
(Yeah, FXL for any reason you can imagine, I didn’t see that coming )
So much fun getting screwed over all the time
Conservatives know what this country needs!. a cuban president!. # not liberal # no party # t e d c r u z
Great weekend and things just keep getting better # complete
Do I need to start using  hashtag? Sheesh
Welcome back winter. . This is the day that the Lord has made I will rejoice and be glad in it!
This republican presidential candidate sounds like a fine upstanding citizen. Why wouldn't we want to move the country backwards?!
Plot twist. Your boyfriend is your man crush monday.
Perks of working in a newsroom- you get to listen to EVERYONE's conversations....
God forbid my momentary lapse in self consiousness EVER cause me to transgress one of your ridiculous ethical boundaries!!!! # c h yea
My absolute favorite thing about spring is having to argue with my kid every day about whether or not she needs to wear her coat.
I love going to the doctor, especially when it's pouring down rain outside! # doctors
I just love being called into work on my day off
Just another day in # paradise # Work
GOOD MONDAY MORNING!! if you have something goofy in the bin no one else wants give me a call. # i buy the weird stuff
To everyone on the Internet that understands  I love you...
I find tv to be very educating. Every time smbdy turn on the set, I go in d other room nd read a book -Groucho Marx # life # awesome
Yes! More hacking around the problem and less actually trying to solve the root cause of the issue! # blood pressure
Well this Spring Break is starting out fun!
My #Sex And The City Rewatch will continue tonight after rehearsal. Because I know that everyone is so excited for it & cares about it.
I'm so cutting edge I run "composer update" every 5 minutes as a cron job! #PHP
Exactly the kind of Monday I wanted...  but on the bright side Labcancelled #UNG
Love being up early on my day off for a doctor appointment... # sleepy # can i go back to bed
Love it how I been off for a few days, and I've fake files following me.
All these tweets make me super excited to go back to school in the Fall.
"I really missed your trap music." - Josiah's first words when I picked him up from the airport last night
Roger Goodell says he "respects" Jameis Winston's decision to not attend the draft. I'm sure he's thanking God that you do Goodell.
Great day outside.  So much fckin` snow. Its spring, isnt it ? ;D
I gotta use  so these idiots can differentiate.
Ted Cruz just won the minority vote… #LRT
What a delight to see Ted Cruz trending # Hillary 2016
My mom is so worried about someone else that she hasn't asked anything hahah
my tweet wasnt about u... But if the shoe fits the lace and then wear it ;-)  avoided
Thank you so much for sharing a picture of the moon on instagram oh gosh we don't have those where I live # i really don t care
Well this has turned into a really exciting and fulfilling day........ Not!
The NYC subways and buses are clean and timely. I’m happy to pay $0.25 more per ride.
What a beautiful spring day # fuck in snow # tired of it
Having that appointment scheduled at the Social Security office is really paying off! # not true
I really like people who do something wrong because they can't follow basic instructions and then try to blame you...
It's $2.75 for a subway ride, why not just make it $5 per ride ?
Dissecting cow eyes, love it, so much freaking fun!!!!!
We are an emotional nation.. Every 23rd march we get emotional and on 24th we forget it coz something else more emotional comes in
Gosh, it's just such perfect weather for a softball game today.  #Warm Weather Please
It's not Monday unless the guy with 3 degrees who loves fly fishing is hitting on the nursing students...oh look..it's Monday
Love when professors wait until the night before to email study guides
One with Joey Harrington at QB. But nah Roddy wasn't that good.
Don't tell anybody but I'm skipping class. I'm such a badass lol...... . I didn't do my project because I have a damn life.
It's so great to start my first day back from break in my 5 hour 8am practicum -__- # send help
I really love the way I get treated in this family
Hurling insults & name calling on Twitter is really making you and your cause looking credible. # not # grow up
College is great craic talking about whistling!! Gotta love the banter
Shouldn't something be stealthy, quick, and small to be doing surveillance? The Zeppelin is a great idea.  #WW1
#We Salute Pak Army cz its the most hard working army in the world.No other army makes Fertilisers, cement and cereals for the nation
As the snow melts over the week, looking forward to a lake in my yard
Yay 6 inches of snow! We really needed it
Don't you love when someone logs you out of all your accts & log you into theirs
The work place has managed to make the NOT user-friendly software I have to use daily even less user-friendly. Congratulations!
I love waking up with no coffee in the house.
One day I want to be as important as the business man who yells into his phone headset while walking thru the airport thinks he is.
idk what is more messy my room or my life!
And I'm in the baby room all day today...yeah # crying babies
Someone should be very. very ashamed of his own hardcore fans. You know, he only spread love. love, love ...
Oh hi Monday. So nice to see you again...
It's documentation week at work! Wheee! That's a Network Admin's favorite task! Can I get a "woot woot" from the devs out there!
I loveeeeeee when my sons bus is 25 minutes late.
Nothing like a rainy Monday. # cash
I just love when my brother sings Justin Beiber around the house.....
s/o to the celebs that be like "God > Money" ... but roll their eyes when there is no money. The REAL MVPs.
Seat Belts Don't Save Lives In India, Idols Glued To Dashboard Do.
Rainy, Monday, dentist appointment. What a great way to start the week.
Also, my hair has never looked better
Bob Higgins kids are apparently just as classy as he is...
I am utterly shocked that my train is experiencing issues.  #Metra Mayhem
£35m for an Arsenal injury plagued mf,more evidence of our brilliant transfer policy  #Stunned Beyond Belief #Love M C F C
A little rain and we all turn into preteens that have never driven before # rain
"The tax code is so bad that even republicans and democrats agree that it needs to be changed" cspan gettin me pumped for work
Well I'm gonna have people work on my roof today... Fun.
Nothing better than Monday morning LRT problems # t t c # to r on to transit ... This winter has been tough on the t t c !
Is there a "how to be fake" handbook around that I could use?? # need one # h i g h d em and # being fake
This week's going to be fun!  can school just end already
Anyone else sad they didn't open zen fetches this weekend? # m t g finance
Time for an afternoon of school :/ Hooray
I love having an 8 am where I wake up and play games..
Nothin' like waking up to popping an egg. Greatest pleasure ever. # p c os
Awesome way to start back up! # i miss spring break
Watching keeping up with the Kardashians and omg... Just so much talent is portrayed in this show # none
There's just nothing quite as awesome as pulling a muscle on a Monday morning. # o u c h
dealing with Wordpress on Monday is so amazing.
//yep that's it. PLAN ANOTHER RALLY BECAUSE /THAT'LL/ CHANGE THEIR MIND... .
There's nothing like watching the great minds of Japan out-quiz each other # t v problems
I'm so excited to be up this early doing homework! # l o l j k # yeah right
A co worker has decided to come to work smelling of weed. # S mar t .
Woken up. Walked downstairs. And mums watching the Kardashians... ?
Paperwork? Yes I would love to search for paperwork in the unpacked moving boxes.
Wonderful, now it's 5am and I can't sleep ...so glad I have English class in the morning
Good morning. We might actually get a little snow tonight giving you another opportunity to get some wear out of your winter attire
Can't sleep. Surprising because this hospital couch is SO comfy.
You know it's gonna be a day full of banter when there's 3 people in your course!!
Please don't wake me now. This gonna be the best day of my lifeee.
"Because I LOVE being stuck with needles...."
Oh wow what a surprise! I did not see that coming
Gods! I have to wait a whole seven minutes for a train at Melbourne Central. What is Melbourne's public transport coming to??
#Dear Future Husband is apparently setting feminism back 50 years. But Nikki Minaj's # Anaconda is totally cool guys...
Twitter Mafia will be happy over RANKING PAKISTAN On TOP Trends Today. That's the only place where we can rank higher!  #Pakistan Day
12:35 am can't sleep still sick and school tomorrow joy # felling swell
.off to Reading. Meeting. With other managers. o the joy. so excited & overcome with glorious rapture.
#Katrina Missing I hope this does not become the topic for Arnab Goswami's debate tonight..  #Arnab Goswami #the Newshour XD
Everyone is passed out and I'm over here like its almost fun:thirty # i n s o m n i a c # j u s t w a n n a g o m i m is
I can't imagine anything more fun than my nighttime coughing fits.
So did Perrie finally give up on Zayn or what? # z a y n and per r i e broke up
Like why cant all university's just have my major Lol well not really
Can't wait to have pneumonia next week from walking these two She-Devil dogs in the rainy cold.
Just woke up, My son definitely knows the right time to wake up. Lol
I feel so loved right now
While abolishing definitions, might as well throw out Webster too. Who needs to know what anything is? Confusion's where it's at.
FUCK the Crystal Gems and Steven Universe the trolls from Trollz are the original 'crystal gems' BRING THIS SHOW BACK # t r o l l z #SU
-.- jogging in the am, then ANOTHER work meeting, then work, and after that work at my night job. So excited
Seems like all the prayers offered for #LKY in the past few days worked wonders.  #SG50
I'm going to sleep, lizzette has me with so much laughter.
You're such an asshole but I can't help but love you cos you're a God's little creature! Jadu & # love
It's taken me three hours to write four pages of absolute bullshit. I love college. # dropping out
school is going to be so sick...
Yes let's lock Sasha in a small corner and give her a gun.  #Dead Buzz #The Walking Dead
Guys monday is alright.. You just hate your life.
Yay, love losing my student ID on the bus on the way home # so annoying
2:36 to go in 2nd half UNI not in bonus, I always thought Louisville wasn't physical
Yay for random sadness. Oh how I missed you
Would you please bitch a little more? It's making my night that much better. # quit your b itching
Bob Huggins: always a classy guy.
its okay, the robots are coming.. go ahead and abort your children to { }
I'm so glad the whole world knows my business
I see that the announcers are so incredibly unbiased.
Gotta love this Suns team # C o n s i s t e n c y
yeah, i do care about some dude getting richer because blood relation.
Since KU Lost today in basketball, Time for Spring Football
Cool to see traditional Big 12 and Big East powers West Virginia and Xavier carry the flags for their leagues.
Nothing better than long days followed by sleepless nights
Are there some basketball games happening?
Yeah Walking Dead I watch your stupid ass show to see a Carl love story. This is what I've been waiting for. Spot on.
lol so glad this is happening right now
Love Mondays because I spend them with someone who always tells me I make wrong decisions and that I don't know what I'm doing
'Bout to get a CAT scan.. yeyyy # h al p
I just LOVE fucking myself over sometimes you know
So stoked for the snow tomorrow. I feel like the winter went by so fast! # screw you weather # snow body likes you
Finally got the course selection done for next sem. Thank you # u c s i for your reliable online course selection portal
Great defense come the fuck on
I love getting ignored so much
Because federal prisons are sooo much better.  o #North Korea
*Looks at text message* Texting is actually exhausting
Ahhhhh....60 km/h wind gusts and -23 wind chill. Yes...Spring has sprung! #Get Me Outta Here # Mar i times
I heard RE Congress is getting better - this time they had Rick Warren as the keynote speaker!..
I love when Kylee asks me to watch the Kardashian's with her and completely faces the TV towards her bed.
You're such a good friend # text u never
I LOVE the fact that the indie rock ensemble i'm in is doing a country song, makes complete sense.
Wisconsin travels on every play and gets away with fouls. Officiating rn is fantastic
17 points for Dekker? I've lost track...Is that a bad game for him?
Doing my taxes is so much fun that I will save that for another day.
I absolutely love doing group projects with class mates who have horrible work ethics # project manager # last minute
Isn't anyone watching The Walking Dead? Because it's nowhere on my TL.
Watching 3 Days of rhe Condor. Oh yeah. The 70's were better by every metric: tech, innovation, economics, social relations...
It's so cute! She loves shoes so much and chases after assholes! What a strong female character. Damn I love this show.
>the shills are back in ' #Gamer Gate IS OVER' mode Yeah, I'm sure the SJWs' attempt at a Horten Ho 229 will 'win the war'.
I love when the music is louder the man their voices #TWD
If practice makes champion; I am this weekend's Grand Master of diaper changing :( # I love being a mum
Mmmm that burger looks delicious!!! Quick someone make me one!! OMG!!  #Bar Rescue
I've just had 3 seizures. Boy I love not sleeping & stress.  Today's going to suck. I'm going to be up all night at this rate (cont)
Not nervous about my first day of being a basic skills teacher. Noooooo. Not me.
When the people you're closest to aren't close at all. Just need somebody to care. # feeling the love
Cuz, ya know, there's nothing I like better than women's college basketball. # e s p n fail
please support me i'm not as known like the other tekken characters .
A Dayton fan sticks around to boo West Virginia's Juway Staten and call the Dayton native a traitor. #True Class
At least these announcers aren't biased.  #Go Hawks #N C A A Tournament
Seriously starting to think #James Beard nominated places are as solid as #1 places on #Trip Advisor.. # poor food #James BeardTotalJoke
It's been fun SWI, lots of memories #Spring Break2k15
Actually if I could guarantee that Clemson or Illinois could hire Bill Self then Kansas should fire him...total underachiever!!!
Don't worry Iowa fans. Fran is really good with 2nd half adjustments.
Whoever can score in this OU vs Dayton game is going to win!!  #March Madness
IWC Sponsored websites claim #Rey Mysterio Jr is now getting death threats. No further info or proof Derrrr... must be true.
If the playoffs start tomorrow, the Boston Bruins would be.. IN !! Aww right. Will sleep like a baby tonight. Feelin' goooood
Oh, I'm doing just fine.. And how are you?
Yay! I get to work a double two days in a row! #28 h r s
I like you. People say I've no taste, but I like you.
Nothing beats a 2.5 hour trip between Mankato and Albert Lea on 35&14
I am amazed by how many college athletes are covered neck to wrist to waist with tattoos. Yup, their $ is tight, better pay them.
Hey the BIG 12 is the best conference ppl
# Kansas chokes again in the tournament. # Sur p rising ?
Just to let you know, I have not been serious all day!  andstyle
KU fans are cute. So kind and respectful in their loss.  #Go Shox
For the first time in my life, I have to PAY on my taxes instead of using my refund for a new bottom retainer... #Thanks Obama Care
Boy Ginette Hess looks prime in that mug shot!
I am not a STUBBORN person but my way is always better!
Well this sunday was just so much fun
So apparently there is a basketball game going on?
BOY...that Missouri Valley Conference sure is weak!  #N C A A Tournament #W S Uvs K U #U N I Panthers #WSU
I think Wichita really wanted to play Kansas #You Think?  #March Madness
Huntin in the rain is always fun. # just kidding
The grading continues...oh, joy! #Spring Break Countdown #5 days #Grades Due Tonight
My # search # a p p will make you say # please & thank you but it's going to detect so you have to be real with your please & thank you.
Going back to my favorite place in the world, USNA.
My asshole uncle will throw a party, not invite you & then ask you why you didn't go. # family # loyalty
KU is doing a fantastic job guarding those threes.
Wow! I just mentioned *Myself* #I Know How To Use Twitter Really I Do
So you can race back to the checkered flag after a wreck in California but not at Daytona?! # makes sense
I love it when people tell me depression is just people choosing to be weak and attention seekers
okay then DONT BE RUDE OR ANYTHING
I agree with Darrell. I go to races to watch everyone finish. Wow. #NASCAR
367346738 billionth dream catcher with side boob I've seen today. # Original #I Want My Tattoo2 B Spiritual
Super duper excited for 6 more weeks of showering at Larch! # not # summer hurry thee f f up
Amazing to think that Matt Every won in spite of Sean Foley and his voodoo science.
This cold Mac n cheese is, mmmm on point
also my music isnt working, great :) :) :)
Wouldn't it be nice if Kenseth's crew had some tools or something to fix that... #De Walt  #NASCAR
6:30 wake up call tomorrow. I can already tell it's gonna be an awesome day.
Oh great. More bloody Greg James.  #I Survived A Zombie Apocalypse
Running full outs and running everytime after is fun
Life just keeps getting better and better. # its is actually really bad
I cannot fit all of my money in my wallet, I have too much.
The exact change Nazi is in front of me at the grocery store. # winning
Boy, you can really tell how much more superior the elite program is here. 1 is sooo outclassed.  #March Madness #K Uvs W S U #Go Shox
I wonder if Self or Marshall will foul the last 5 seconds of the 1st half..
Spoze i better get an early night, work tomorrow....not been in a while!
I can't express in 140 characters how glad I am to be away from sand & the ocean & be back in Madison to responsibilities and rain.
Can't wait to see how much the damage on my car is going to cost to get repaired # bad weekend # me h h
suckers + bitches = SITCHES # goodnight # s itches
Wow. Thank you for making my birthday about you instead of me. I couldnt have wished for anything better. # i ma l ready miserable
It's cool when people don't do what their supposed to. I seriously love it. # irritated
My house smells like diabetes.... # sugar free # lent
Man, bless Kurt Busch. Perfect in every way. #NASCAR
2 things... 1) That was not a foul on Greene... 2) Gotta love how C-Webb & Elmore are HEAVY for WSU
These triple doubles are getting boring, Mr. Westbrook. Where's the quadruple or quintuple double? #Step It Up  #OKC #NBA
Congrats to the flying Eagles for winning the AYC. Looking forward to seeing them graduate to the Super Eagles.
yeah... Dylan Strome's not thaaaat good lol
Oh Ye that mascherano's proper solid isn't he # pathetic
#El Clasico mascherano looked seriously injured there
I'm so looking forward to go to work tomorrow! Oh my god, I can't wait!
Interviewer: So, what are your abilities? Me: Ahhhhhh....... I'm pretty good at  .. :v :D ;)
Suarez puts Barca up 2-1. Man I love it when great things happen to great people  #El Claciso
Whenever a song says "I got a missed call from your bitch" I always wonder why someone would train their female dog to call people..
Nothing better than doing some long hours of homework on a Sunday afternoon!
Well done to all the Facebook #MUFC and #LFC fans, also the # Far age protestors, you all showered yourself in glory today # b e r k s
So apparently Wednesday will be the # Cubs next cut down day. Gee, do you think I'll be able to find out on Twitter who's sent down?
I sure am glad I signed up to be on The # G o v e r n m e n t s Do Not Call Registry !
All 3 of my aunts just got an Instagram. Looks like it's time to take down the nudes & pictures of me snorting cocaine
CRISTIANO SCORED AND MESSI DIDN'T SO CRISTIANO IS THE BEST AND MESSI SUCKS
Thank god the railroad /subway prices went up , we were getting way to much for our money. #M T A Fare Hike # l i r r
Good game Duke. I hope you all get sick and die a slow painful death before your next game.  #Go Aztecs #March Madness
Plus I dealt with some VERY nice customers today!
It's amazing how many times in a game Pepe breaks his leg...and is fit to carry on #What A Guy  #El Claciso
these people yelling swing are really making these batters swing good job guys
I just LOVE when I'm trying to read and my mom decides to interrupt me every 5 seconds.
I hate Dook is in such a hard bracket!..
# Pe p e 2 fouls in a row and both leading with his forearm? That's so not his temperament! #Barca Real #El Clasico
Pepe with a yellow card. # shocking #Barcelonavs Realmadrid #El Clasico
I'm just in awe at how good Duke is playing today against San Diego St!
Being ignored is just my favorite thing.....
But hey! The customers didn't have to see it! So yay
Seeeing Ms Spillane driving and chomping on some food made my day better
Love spending every Sunday on my own!!
Does anybody know that there's a Women's Basketball tourney? #march Madness
Great looking forward to doing History tomorrow morning
Greenbay Police Dept's best and brightest on the stand today.  #pleasedontgivethatmanagun
I love coming to my hometown. Seeing someone I know and they ask if I'm lost
Perhaps the fist step to forgiveness is accepting that the other person is an idiot? # funny # jokes # joke of the day # smile age # humor
A # Thunder player goes down with an injury? Weird! # that never happens
Good thing Coach K is a citizen of the United States of America or else I'd dislike him!  #forgetthosepeskyrapechargesforoverayear
You think March Madness is insane? Try watching the world arm wrestling championships on ESPN and not freak out!! # t h a t s e n o u g h e s p n
#You Know What In maths, people buy so many things just to create problems. Basically, they have a mental problem.
#SDSU mascot is man in full feather headdress? I bet Native Americans love that. #Lets Go Duke #Go Duke #Dukevs S D S U # s d s u vs duke
#Hitler Ankit - what are your future plans with AAP SM as far as abuse is concerned? Remember - friends first than supporters.
I'm really just surprised they didn't suspend Carson.
The breakdown of the games just got much better now that Spike is in the building. !!!!!!!!!
Did MSU win or something? I couldn't tell
I don't believe it Brooks starting Roberson? Stop it right now. March Madness shocker # thunder over under he scores less than 5?
The return of one of the funniest shows ever # s c h w i e g e r t och t e r
Sparty in the Sweet 16???? Shocking lol
Guess UVA should fire Tony Bennett. He can't win the big game...right?
# innovation The new ad for #Car Trade app shows its actual target segment to be dogs! Wow! That all you people looking for cars
Turns out you don't get 4g in kirlkaldy. I am shocked
Wow UVA the ACC regular season champion is losing to a 7 seed. Wow the ACC is so overrated.
What a nice day to be at work........
I see Man United won a game against a top team.congrats!  #M A N Uvs L I V E R P O O L
"I'm afraid, if this road construction company isn't real careful, they may finish this project"- my dad # we funny
# Virginia is really good at hitting free throws
Ew who the hell likes blink 182
It's windy and -20C ... Perfect time for a SPRING run. # at least there is sun # running
Ted Cruz running for president? Exactly what we need... Another science denying religious homosexual hating zealot.
These extra lines on the field at #CHEHUL make the EPL look like a joke of a league! #MLS
Why are workouts so much fun!!!????
Weird, Detroit is on NBC, that never happens
Who knew the City council had scarves!
Business trips away for meetings are the best. # table for one
Pinterest thank you for making me HIGHLY productive today!!!!
Yet another successful weekend of not going out
A woman won't have sex with you? She must be a bitch # get over yourself
Chelsea now looking like Barcelona. They are playing Hull. Premier League. Best in the world.
Oh look! A pass from Xabi that finds its target...
A call from my ex. Could this weekend be anymore spectacular!?
Let's sack rodgers. Replace him with klopp. He's doing serious stuff with that dortmund outfit # catch a grip
Sooo much work 2 do...lesson plans, grading, master's hw # awesome # do work
Omg.you 'just opened' my snap,why haven't you responded yet!
At work, on Twitter. Yeah, I'm gonna be super productive today. # eye roll
Going back to school for the final week!! I am so excited !!
Chelsea. Looking like Prem winners. Says a lot.
Well my front axel went out on my car..... That's fucking perfect
>Implying trans people have male privilege. Because having a dick is the most fantastic thing in the universe.
//Being ignored in DMs is a wonderful feeling. //
Listen- I'M NOT SAYING Mata and Herrera are better than Iniesta and Messi. They're just definitely as good. #MUFC . #Sort Of
It's unlike Chelsea to start well and then fade...
Huge surprise that Russell "hits people" Crowe is backing Jeremy "I've got a fucking massive ego" Clarkson. They're so different!
Remember when PQA was drilled into our heads? ...yeah. definitely using that in college
Idk what it is about Sundays, but everyone is so nice!  #Sundays At Starbucks
You simply can't win against lvg using his tactics.#mufc
Food shopping on a Sunday. Best idea I had all week # f o o d s h o p p i n g s u c k s # hash tags are dumb
It feels like spring doesn't it
I'm so glad President Obama has been able to make such tremendous strides in healing our racial divisions during his presidency.
Starting the day with positive thoughts
Looking forward to all the drunk snapchats today!!!
# l f c fans moaning about the ref? That's a first isn't it? # always the victim
If you are attracted to guys who refer to all women as bitches and cares about money more than you.. Good job
Words cannot express how much I've missed wearing flip flops in the shower. # do r ml if e
2 yo is most def in the Terrible 2s stage. And 11 mo is being clingy while teething. Oh we are having fun in our house.
Fantastic! Really looking forward to the return of Hearts and their wonderful support to Premiership #Aye Right
Just a horrible showing from us out there. At least no one's making a big deal out of it.
Thanks sis for listening to Air Supply using the Smart TV, you are a real genius.
WOW WHO WOULD HAVE THOUGHT BLACK SABBATH WOULD PLAY AT OZZFEST
Don't forget the Oilers power play is this much better because they traded for Derek Roy!!
What a fun sunday im having!!!!!!
Still time for something interesting to happen in this game
Ballotelli and Falcao on the pitch.......there could be more goals here! #LIVMUN # b b c football
Love it when people lie right to my face
Such a lovely spring can already see flowers blooming # e f f off snow
Oh, Balotelli. So misunderstood imo. #MUFC
Oh look, here's wonder boy, this'll change everything
Champions League gone, Steven Gerrard gone, it's been a good afternoon
shame about the score though # ha ha
Gerrard' tackle isnt a crime disgusting diving from herrera..  OHH WAIT.
Excluded from smoking circles as a teen due to your bad attitude & social awkwardness? Strike back, become a Cop!
is a language and an art form. Try to keep up. LMAO
I love seeing white guys play Jesus.
I love what Berube is doing with Steve Mason, giving this guy so much confidence, love it Coach of the year in my book. # fire be rub e
What?! Unblocking a sink just before lunch? Don't mind if I do # not sun day bliss # waterfall
So Ted Cruz will be bidding for GOP presidential nomination. That's exactly what they need to fix their image.
That "blueprint" for beating Kentucky?? Down 19 points with 1:11 to go. Sounds like a winning plan.  #BBN
Awesome! Don't think I could ask for a better start to this day!
Singing in the shower is all fun and games until you get shampoo in your mouth, then it just becomes a Soap Opera.
Oh landing gear, how I love thee # new by # truck driver
- "I like you hair." - "Thanks, I grew it myself."
I LOVE when people ignore me.
Great goal by #Man U Glad # S p u r s got them flying high
Bragging about how much you drank last night makes you seem super cool.  #Youre Not Cool
"I can't be a racist due to my christianity & high education." I'm sure that logic holds up.
Tomorrow is my favorite day of the week.
Getting up early to drive and watch 5th grade VB is an awesome was to spend the day!! # please go over the net # march madness
Fully booked hotel the upcoming 3 weeks. Fun times ~
The Ghani/AA statement contained a lot surprises, didn't it?  Significant mention though, that spring fighting season looks bad.
all that Bakrie wants is irreplaceable, be the next President and no more Lapindo debts. Simple man.
Yayyy #OTL is talking about racist whites.  #GTFO
"Ohh long time no text :)"
MIL gave me a sack of fragrant rice while asking "Masak ke?"  detected. Now rajin la masak sebab baby dah besar, can tinggal one
If u jus don understand  en u aint livin yet....•
"If this is coffee, please bring me some tea; but if this is tea, please bring me some coffee." Who said this? #I Love Quotes
Oh you like meat? Please post more pictures of murdered animals. I love it. # vegetarian # food p or n
yes, other people are wrong. we are all stupid. only you the smartest one, the great Lady of the year.
Q : A teacher had 12 students. They gave Exams. Maximum how many can be failed? A : 13.
Hotel was great (  ) due to the paper thin walls, I got to listen to a couple have crazy sex for 3 hours.
Really it's the last nab challenge game - I just didn't know! You've only said it 500 times today
You love me? Oh gosh, we're doing the same thing! I love myself too.
My body hurts everywhere im so tired and I lost my voice # best job ever #justincaseyouwereconfused
"Being sarcastic can add years to your life" well I think that's me sorted then! :) # my second language # old age
The previous Aries saint is the first non blue, green or purple haired saint shown. He's also a bad guy. TOTALLY DIDNT C DAT COMIN
I sure do love being ignored...
I wonder if Steve Hanson watched the games yesterday 221 pts and 27 tries.. Very boring rugby I must admit
Love walking through Birmingham after a Saturday night shift... # too tired for this
Just seen that Spurs penalty decision. Mike Dean top referee
OMG it's raining at Milan-Sanremo. How're the riders supposed to ride in a RACE in such bad weather? Oh poor them!
Wow dude, reel it in...no shoes AND a Pink Floyd t-shirt on a tv singing show? You are just so rock'n'roll!! # x f a c t o r n z
"No one works with you because you charge too much Naina." I knew I'd been hallucinating all that work on the blog! *phew*
Got our ski passes, ready to hit the slopes on about 10 minutes, not excited at all
Gotta love when half a hour turns into hours # in di an time # annoyed
Girl's who pretend to act stupid because they think it's cute need to be slapped in the face with a brick...
# dash line because people want all their sensitive passwords in one place.
I feel so safe at the district # shot guns # typical sat u r days
I hate it when actual videos play between my Youtube ads.  #You Tubegetyourshittogether
Oh I love only getting an hour of sleep because there's a bat somewhere in my house!
Glad you could profit for your benefit # p is sed # cheated
#Things People Say To Artists "Could you teach me how to blog?" Like yeah, I'm superhuman enough to change the way you think.. :/
Nothing like rifling through remnants of a broken childhood. A broken past. Remnants of evidence. # emotional abuse # get this done
..oh, hi migraine. my body wasnt in enough pain . please, join the party.. #Krav Maga # c h r o n i c m i g r a i n e s # chronic illness # spoon i e # pain
Love is in the air # rugged
Like please keep messing up my prescriptions every month... Not like I need this stuff or anything.
Back to school from March break in 2 days... haven't done ANY homework or projects assigned. Well, Monday's going to be fun XD
You'll be a great director... editor who doesn't understand what the video deadline is.... ?
You know, that makes sense. Not to include it as part of the Blend 2015 installation. Make WPF users install it as a NuGet package
A city in thr foothills getting snakes. No. Way. Next you'll tell me they have mountain lions.
Dude. The Brothers Bloom is the best movie I've seen in a long time. Even better than American Sniper! # mark r u f f a lo #American Sniper
gotta love getting hurt at the start of a new day
Being awake and alone crying at 1am was just what I needed to make this night better.
Lol your snapchats are so awesome
Well there goes my bracket. Thanks Georgetown & Villanova. Big help.  #March Madness
# a s k c hr is is trending! Ask me your questions!
Anil Ambani to start Clean India initiative at Kamakhya temple.. Sure temples are the best place to start . #Common Sense # a p p l a u z e
Every time you lose weight I find it again in the refrigerator! # f o o dies
Well the Big East has one team in the Sweet 16. That should quiet the naysayers
Good job committee putting every Indiana team in the same bracket, because these 2 teams certainly have no business both advancing
I'm glad none of Butler's players parents made it to the game
College basketball games take too long. Too boring.
Dear iPhone user, can I borrow your phone just for a few second? I just wanna take a selfie infront a mirror.
It's so cool when ppl give up on each other when things get hard.
Cramming work on a Sunday Woooo!!! # Excitement #No One Likes Working On The Weekend
Why don't we just endorse Roosevelt Jones for President! Geesh #March Madness #TBS you picked some great announcers
Basically, all that was needed for # is les win was for me to come home from vacation and get back on the grind. # c o incidence
Don't forget to judge someone based off their jokes on social media
*makes myself hallucinate* well this is fun
lollll well today was such a great day .
I love the sound of sirens late at night...and my neighbors screaming at each other... # i need a vacation
Big shock that Nova is the first 1 seed to fall.
I mean the fighting and explosions seem 100% real but the poker games.  #Eye Roll #Casino Royal #I Like To Joke
Oh you're right, that's totally a foul against Justin Jackson.
it just keeps getting better & better!!!
10pt lead gone. As a Notre Dame fan this is a first. #IRISH # football problems
Good thing there isn't too many commercials! # n c a at our ne y
6>1? Thanks for the math tip Flonase.
Omg can you take more selfies??
I haven't done anything ALL dam day and its been great! # Bo red
"Be happy" Wow you cured me thx omfg
nice to know people actually care about me...
: a fine way to respond to events & people while maintaining sanity & humour. I need to use it more often.
Wow Sutter is so great again # pens
Glad everyone is having fun tonight...
No matter what label you place on me just know I was made in America no place else just the land of opportunity
nothing is more interesting then learning about DJs bucket hat collection
So, I just got home - did I miss anything?
I just love movie nights with Brynn and Nate they always include me in the group decisions
Nova being the first #1 seed knocked out...I'm shocked!
black twitter is ruthless!! let that girl cry in peace!
Alright! Time for those other traditional #Big East and #ACC mainstays: # Butler and #Notre Dame! #Conference Dance
"The hardest part of basketball is shooting." -Charles Barkley, rocket scientist.  #March Madness
Got the "privilege" to help an 80 year old man who was wearing yoga pants find something at work today # thanks # pleased on t
It was good to see my boyfriend this weekend.
Can't beat Ottawa. Can't beat Florida. I feel real good bout the # B ruins chances tmw against Tampa.
Thanks for the overwhelming large amount trust and faith in me Delton. It is greatly appreciated.  #Cantsaythatwithastraightface
Wait the # B u l l s blew a 19 point lead against the # P is tons , nah, that's blasphemous.
Bruins in a shootout? This always ends well!
To the shootout we go. How fucking lucky we are!
Can't wait for Marchand to go unpunished and the score the OT winner
Now time for some Flyers hockey. Yay.
I can't believe Villanova lost an early round game. That never happens.
I drank too much and passed out woooo!! I'm the life of the partayyyy!! Yayyy!!
It's that time of the year again, and it's time to sort through the yearly duties of filing tax returns. YAY.
So how good are the pens right now?
Good/bad news for you guys, I won't be sleeping much tonight! Yaaaaay!
Me: how are you? Coworker: I'm living the dream, darling, living. the. dream." # adventures at b elk
Down 2 goals in the second half, first guy I think of for offense is Mike Lahoud.
Doing my taxes for the business is the best part of my job!
Watching #Michael Collins, Julia Roberts would be my first choice to play an Irish lass too, clearly there are no irish actresses!
Wait. Steve Nash played for the Lakers?!
They said be patient, I asked how long do i have to be patient?  If I have to explain it, you'll never get it.
Orlando City has never scored in the first half in its history!!!!!! This is disgraceful!
So... the OU women's team had a real close game today.
Huh... Roussel has words for Andrew Shaw... that's surprising... haha! ! #C H Ivs D A L
Thanks for showing up, Lowell  #Hockey East
I don't know what I would do if there was no live tweeting of the # Isles game.
Great new insight on Larry, Rachel.
My life is just one big party
"So the 'only' way to see 'Frozen Fever' is to watch the Cinderella movie? Yeah because it's not like YouTube exists."
Really missing Evander Kane right about now  #N H L Jets #Go Jets Go
BUF: Matt Hackett (5.22 GAA, .867 save %). # good goal tending
I love the fact that i have carpal tunnel at 19.
Oh I love being at this apartment  I hate being at my house
"I'm leaving #Ev Med for Creationist Dentistry" -Carl Bergstrom  #ISEMPH
Last night, vomiting & fever, tonight, sipping on ginger tea. What a fun weekend.
Just realised my best friend isn't really my best friend. Life is beautiful
I can't believe New Orleans police could shoot just guys with machetes. That's profiling. Ridiculous. When will the madness end?
Nothing quite like watching travel ball zone D.
Yeah. CityTV is broadcasting the Jets game tonight. Another 60 minutes of opponent love & amazement of our players achievements.
Being a VCSU softball player is rough. # sun bathing #2 off days
I'll make a new sona and it will be a Angel "delight" Dragon :D # char copying w a a a a a a
Ppl describing how to be in south korean army seems like hell, thanks for making the world happier with this disturbing information
So happy for Kentucky basketball and their run this year. Couldn't have happened to a better fan base. # racists
Well, I'm now sitting through a fourth indoor soccer game. Apparently this is more important than eating!
Wow, a cup driver wins a development series race. That's big news right there.
Why have feminism when you can have Meghan Trainor songs #Amazing Role Model  x
I refuse to get up on a morning and refuse to go down on a night. I swear this is the most rebellious I've been. # Adult hood
I like how my Twitter follows and unfollows random people
Its been so long, I forgot how much I absolutely love Harvick dominating. # n as car
Starting the night with a random 12-top with no reservation. Fan-fucking-tastic.
Brains are awesome, I wish everybody had one. # only
Amir Williams showing off his underneath skills. Yikes. # joke
Just saw a tranny in Walmart and got creeped out. # what a sur pi se
Seems I'm the only one who actually uses the #Black Dog tag for mental illness. That doesn't make me feel alone in the slightest  -CB
well my dad always told me go big or go home... so why not break both arms?!?  #Only Me
When you know your gonna be alone for the rest of the night, and you have nothing to do... # life is fun
We should send Bryant down to Double A and bring him up in August. Dude needs to work on his swing.
Probably a good thing Brown Deer won or they'd have had to add another division so a public school could win a state title.
I love having to spend my afternoon driving to Granbury for my dad to look at car because it's making a weird noise. NOT.
Grey leggings to work, fantastic idea mariah...
Dear Rockstar Support, There a moving white dots moving on my map what is that? I have never seen them before Xbox One Problems
Thanks to the family racking up $130 at work&giving me $131. That'll pay my $633/month rent and my $300/month student loans etc...
Love to work so others can play
Akindele only needs a few more goals to win MVP!  #P H Iv D A L
Sometimes I look 12, other times I look tired.
This arena is very blue for it being a "neutral site" - so unfair!  #Quit Crying
After watching several games, it is clear. Kentucky is pretty good at this roundball game. # truth
Cincy is such a classy team......
Saturday night and I'm busting out the poetry. God I love exams # stress load # sat u r day night in
Spent the best day ever in the library reading about the most interesting and fascinating subject: Wills Estates and Trusts!!
Glad the refs are staying out of things in #March Madness!
Man these officials have been awful
Laettner didn't get thrown out for the stomp ... So why should that be an ejection? Right?
In India seat belts doesn't protect from accidents... Idols of God on dashboard does...
Home is feeling more like home. Tonights uplifting video is Dancers in the Dark # that should cheer me up # great movie t h o
Just found a psychic reading I got done 5 years ago. Apparentley I should have been married to a Native with twins by now # A c cu rate
So J's unit got switched andddddd it's deploying. Cool Army, that's rad.
It's a great feeling when your mom gets onto you for every little thing you do... Even when you're just trying to help.
#Imitation Game was great. What I didn't like was our government back then. Also The Queen pardoning Turing years later <--
Well, it's back to reality come Monday and from the looks of it, the first few days are going to be a blast # hate mon days # w h a t e v e s
I'm seriously so much fun to be around with sometimes, how could anyone hate me? # sorry not sorry
Driving through a mountain tunnel while they're doing construction - that doesn't make me nervous at all
I'm very ready for a nap. Waiting on carpet at Menards...so fast and friendly. # hung over problems
Life has really blessed me today. Almost bricked my tablet and corrupted my 16gb SD card. # life is good
Well thank you for ruining my day #Go Fuck Yourself ... Feliz Sabado
And then I cracked my phone screen. Today is such a great day.
Why do I need to watch rugby when I have the luxury of watching West Ham & Sunderland
When Summer arrive we don't give a shit but When Winters come we tweet alot this is Unfair  :p
Now there's a surprise, Scotland take Wooden Spoon in Rugbys 6 Nations Cup
Work two days get a day off. Work two more days get another say off. That is my schedule.. Yay!
Props to our generation. We make similes with the most contrasting words. "AF" aka as fuck. "Tall as fuck""Gross as fuck" # i ma shamed
At least Kentucky doesn't get a home game #March Madness
Teaching us this part of the course would be nice # thanks school # history
Having more distractions would absolutely help get me in the zone, said no one ever. # am writing
I love doing nothing at work #can Igohome # thanks
I love being at a standstill in my car on. Bridge on 95S ...I don't feel like the bridge is gonna collapse
I love everybody: some I love to be around, some I love to avoid, and others I'd love to punch in the face.
Just had the pleasure of dealing w/ Comcast. It was so nice to discover they've been charging me for service at my Oakland address.
Saw Labour's infamous pink bus 'for women' on drive back. Was instantly convinced of their cause as soon as I saw pink sheen
UCLA fills in the first Sweet 16 slot by defeating UAB, 92-75. A defensive gem of a game.  #March Madness
Spending half my Saturday on WIFI alone and the other half working # ya y
UCLA beat SMU on a very questionable call and then beat a 14 seed. Yeah, they're really shutting a lot of people up  #March Madness
Gotta like seeing a scrappy, underdog program like #UCLA reach the Sweet 16. Please, note the massive amount of  intended.
Have to pay for my enrollment and housing fee by myself because my family doesn't want to help me. YAY!
Huggins, "im just tickled to death we do this for the student-athletes."
So, this is what happens when a team rebounds the ball against UAB... # not bitter # c y c l ones
I just love sitting in the office on a Saturday afternoon waiting for our Paris team to fix something.
Sick but still off to do hw and errands. I consider myself a brave soul # un i life
So happy that something good will FINALLY happen to Ohio St.
The Internet has taught me that no one, anywhere, has any talent of their own, no matter what.
Anonymity, the best friend of the Internet. It takes a big person make absurd statements anonymously.
Oh just a song about vaginas and a song about how you can BEE anything you want to BEE. That's not much at all # sad # k a z i m i e r i a
I am SO glad they put in those extra stoplights on Monroe...
To the person on a forum asking for a pirate copy of #5 Ties That Bind - good luck with that, it's not back from the editor yet
Officials are bad #WIAA need 4
The old double spiral ride. Great way to turn somebody.
Shout out to the naked people who got kicked out of the pool at 4:30 AM. The pool wasn't open so you knew kids wouldn't be there.
I don't think I can take any more good news this month.
It's weird becuase England rugby don't normally bottle decisive games...
Really enjoying after the talk about sexism in football to see a man suspended for suspected sex w/a minor on the bench
Don't you hate it when someone answers their own questions? I do.
If you take some of my tweets seriously. I fear for you.
"Unmanaged innovation can be a challenge..." #T L T Sym15 yes, important to reign in that innovation with tight control policies
Having to perform whilst pollen is running amok and while highly emotional is going to be cupcake fabulous.......
My exciting afternoon consists of lightbulb shopping on Upper St. #My London Life
Spent my Saturday morning in the ABSOLUTE best way possible: at H&R Block, getting my taxes done. # I hate taxes
So glad I'm spending my Saturday in the lab collecting data! # tutor i al
This flu has forced me into a diet. I haven't eaten in 3 days. I'll reach my ideal weight in no time. # food sounds gross
I love it when my toddler wants to go outside when it's freezing.
Awww honey ! U r tweeting about wearing no panties again !! So original of u #Face Palm When was the last time u earned respect ?
She: I feel we are way head in time. He: why She:,we belong to the society where women were followed around even before Twitter.
Went to # Tar get yesterday, almost bought fixtures , Kids offered to help carry them, Not! # Square 1
Why don't you keep digging yourself a hole and see what happens.
Why didn't I tattoo around my kneck with stars..... # life decisions
Reading some previews about the next anime season. One of these days, I think Japan will think there is life beyond high school.
Nothing is cleaner than a bathroom at a track meet
Yes mom, I do want to spend the first day of Spring Break at an event for your company!
Hmmm. Another egregious, long-term, widespread, yet secretive, sexual assault problem in Happy Valley. Shocking.
Twitter is awesome. Where everyone outside of the conversation think they know more than the people inside the conversation
Lately, it has become my favorite hello and hardest goodbye
I really like watching basketball on my iPad because I'm at work all day
Another great job Adidas! I keep yelling TUCK IN YOUR SHIRTS at #UCLA
Glad to see we're giving it a really, really good go. There's nothing at stake here remember. # stock port county
Wonder why folks find them arrogant
Watching the # Glee finale. You know, I forgot how subtle the acting on this show can be.
Everyone needs seven affliction shirts one for ever day of the week
Afridi thanks for all those eggs else my breakfast wouldn't have been that awesome.
You don't know me, but somehow you know me better than myself. Tell me more about me pls... #Haters Gonna Hate # a d e a k u k e s ah
Jealous of people out running today. Not warm but not freezing.I get to study all day in the law library. # ye eh a w # law school problems
Getting used is great! I just love it
My insider source says that Shaka Smart is a candidate for the vacancy at NBC Nightly News and that a contract is a "done deal".
Okay i wake up to nothig but college basketball yayyyy
is the most proficient of languages I speak.
I just love when people turn on people on benefits don't you?
The snow is now shovelable. Happy Spring!
Think our winter acquired barn cat is pregnant. Perfect timing for when baby chicks arrive too.
Shower, go to work, go home, do hw. What a perfect day.
I'm traveling with my # awesome # Family .
Running on 30 minutes of sleep. Moving is AWESOME!  Props to procrastination.
There's a lot of singing in #Into The Woods
Only slightly pissed off PTV is playing last tonight. # could n t be more p is sed off
Cheers to another fun-filled full day! #Do I Live At The School?
Damn, only an hour into my homebrew day and I'm already hoping I didn't ruin the beer. Well at least it's snowing.
Just sitting in my room while my parents are arguing downstairs! # good times
Newspapers! Black and white and even some colors thrown in for good measure... But mostly white! That's # r a c ist !!
Just woke up with the worst caffine headache, and it's storming outside so I can't get Pepsi. My life is soooo difficult.
Well done Italy hand it to Wales. Cheers from England.  #I T Av W A L
Woke up at 4:30 for no reason. As fun as that was  imma try to get a couple more hours. Gnight...er...morning.
Really looking forward to watching Chris Brown today # R o v e r s
I like the impartiality of all of the BBC's Welsh rugby pundits. No bias there at all!!!  #I T Av W A L #Six Nations
Italy are really sound #Six Nations # super sat u r day
Single = flirt mode on Att = flirt mode on When does that mode turns off oh dear me ..
Thank you # Anxiety for loving me when I absolutely fucking hate you!
Turns out we are doing 7 rounds tonight... Hooray!  It's 7am BTW #MTGDTK 4-2 so far
Pass along the line, drawing zero defenders, stealing space. Backs coaching at its best.
Rain and flurries with a snowfall warning for tonight. Fantastic. I was starting to miss snow...
Looking forward to spending this beautiful warm day doing...accounting and finance work...  #whatwas Ithinking
WOW I LOVE BEING SICK AGAIN :D
The referee in the #MCFC #WBA game is racist. He can't tell the difference between the two white guys. .
George North hasn't scored for a full 4 games. # crisis #B B C6 Nations Was he concussed in 2 of them too? #I T Av W A L # Quality
Gym, done. Brunch, done. Aaaaand now back to my desk to stare blankly at my essay for the next 6 hours. # this is the life
West Indies (250 all out) Won The Match by "13" Runs against Martin Guptill (237*).  #Better Luck Next Time #N Zv W I #CWC2015 #Hard Luck
Illogic, unresponsive & unnecessary things should not be considered as . People must avoid using such mentalities. # just saying
Perfect Saturday morning: shoveling snow and going to the dmv. # not
Always heard culver is a nice place to solve problems....
Feminist: Are here for all woman...except #Women Against Feminism, they're betraying woman everywhere. Much Love can be seen yes.
Cannot tell you just how excited I am that there is a hens party being held immediately below my hotel room. And - with karaoke!
Don't u just LOVE waiting around for other people?
Love waking up with a Migraine...... Said no one EVER!
I JUST LOVE WORKING AT 7 IN THE MORING ON A SATURDAY.
#MSM stop using # social media as "source" for # news lazy # reporting # lies cnn ncb abc cbs b/c nobody ever lies on # face book #ITM ww…
what is the # irony of life...... I wud say .......!!!!!
Why, yes, actually - trying to find out what's wrong with my RFID detector was exactly what I had planned to do today. # Saturday
Time to enjoy my first Super Saturday! 3 games of rugby all in one afternoon. Can barely contain my excitement  #Come On Home Time
Supplement bosses mailing clients helpful "bro science" which is categorically wrong is useful . Why people can't just be quiet
Match day # n u f c oh joy .......
Having your teacher up your arse is such a nice feeling #Fuck Off With Your Tests
The sound of airplanes passing right over your hotel is the most soothing of lullabies. # cant sleep
Aye but but but.. Big mike is giving us players to help us get into the SPL next season.. # great guy
There goes my saturday. Carrie, you're SO special
Cheaper pet registrations? Wow, Baird is really tackling the big NSW election issues! # n s w p ol # n s w votes
First day off in 10 days and I'm up, awake, have been since 6. The joys of step children.
If Collingwood lose are we the favourites to win the wooden spoon?
I love getting left on "read"!!!
letting something or someone getting in between "us" like that just shows how much you really "cared"
Love being up early on a Saturday
how do you get into a wrestling ring? those ropes sure do look confusing. # cause i ma rookie
Life goal- To reach at that point in my life where I don't have to randomly tag my jokes for people to actually read them. # jokes
My man & my son or you .... Boy thats a tough one # idiot a
Awesome. Just what I needed to hear tonight...
Silence will come when you ask bc apparently you know all
I love when people tell you they're gonna do something then never do it. Yeah, you're an awesome friend. # seriously t h o # f rust rating
Is it weird that watching the commercial w/ parents/kids on the bike, I still don't care if my Lil Guido learns that?!?TOTALLY DOES
I'm up and kinda at 'em. Not because Ethan woke me or anything. Just because I fancied doing some work
I hate closing & my boss has me closing this whole weekend yyayy I have no life anyways
Just got off work & I have to do this for 2 more days yay
Perception is REALITY, so if I seem to hate you, that is the reality. # truth # s n a p t a s t i c
I love going to bed pissed off, it's the best
Hurting ur own children is ur way 2 get revenge on the family of an ex for the imagined wrong they've done. Yep, that's a good idea
CONDE IS BAE. CONDE IS LIFE. CONDE IS HOT. CONDE IS PERFECT. I SHIP MONDE. OTP. ENDGAME. THIS SHIP HAS SAILED. CONDE>>FRANCIS
Hair pulling. Because that's original female fighting maneuvers. #Finish Bella
It's so hot. How do you alleviate the heat? By wearing black of course!
Ok.. sick for two weeks.. not enough sleep this night ... i will look sexy as hell tonight..  #Oh Dear
Dani sure is in a good mood.
I keep seeing images from the movies and books where I'm like "Wow, this doesn't look familiar at all." #Hunger Games
Yeah, Matt Duchene is horrible at hockey and should be traded.
My favorite part of my screen breaking is the tiny pieces of glass that get lodged in my fingers when I press the home button.
When in doubt just copy the mofo standing next to you lol
Twitter, You know me so well. You listen and don't talk back. Everything a woman wants # i need friends #and cute things # emotional
Hurray for my dad making feel like a shitty player, yay!
It's Friday night going into spring break week. It's just almost 11 pm and I'm already in bed. I live an exciting life. # wornout
Marcus Smart got ejected for a low blow? I for one am shocked  #greatpick Danny
It's alright, no need to reply. I was just texting you to exercise my fingers.
I do not understand the Firefly or Pushing Daisies debate.Does the winner get their show revised?Do the winners get a trophy?
Impressed with Guptill for getting Taylor out in the most traditional way without raising suspicion  #N Zv W I
We've sexualize a color so damn much, god FORBID our little girls wear them!
Riiight, and mizdow is the real miz.  #EC
Well today was a beautiful first day of spring. # n y weather
Oh real original Maeko, no one has ever used the niagra joke on me before.  #EC
Baymax's "oh no" is so full of feeling!
Yes...COMPLETELY fair, Terri?! # Glee # Glee Goodbye # Glee Finale #2009
Don't you love it when someone says that will talk to you, then they don't.
..I was all like "Great movie! Well done. Loved it." # In surge n t
For a moment I read sold out and ICC together #N Zv W I
Correction: What a delightfully awful day :-))))
You know what's awesome? At 10:30 on a Friday night, I'm still working. So awesome.
wow insurgent is just like the book...
Anyone out there that can tell me when kansas & WSU game is Sunday?
Only INTJs can see the real world. #INTJ
yay for being up at 3am
Watching scary movies alone was a great idea
Fact: most robots don't get . Sadly.
So when a girl has all group pics on tinder, she is definitely the hot one right??
is the butter on the roll of mockery. Thoughts like these are why I don't write an # advice column. # j i mm # wisdom
I don't think North have enough tall forward options  #N A B Challenge
Funny how one day you can think someone is amazing and the next you want to stab them repeatedly with a butter knife. # but seriously
Denied and waitlisted all in the same week loving life!!!!
You know she really likes you when she stays after the chloroform has worn off.
Man this whole having a baby thing is sure impending on my free time. Someone should have said something to me
Apparently getting your ex a job at your current workplace is a bad idea... Who would've thought?
Home alone & house to my self tonight. Bout to get wild and crazy with Netflix # good times # party hard # night life
Can't wait for this Saturday school
This Westbrook guy may end up being a decent basketball player. # Thunder #NBA #Triple Double
Oh the friendships that are made on a 5 hour delay... # priceless
I'm sure Marvin Gaye would've approved the greedy ass decisions of his family
Grading #A P Bio essays re 370 myo fossil: "This is impossible, Earth is only 6000 years old according to our Lord & Savior."  #FTW
A shooting and stabbing at the NOLA airport. Makes me feel safe.
#GH I just love when recasts come with personality changes.
I love not living near my friends/bf !!!!!!! # can i move
I'm sorry...I was on a plane. Who's got the pole? #NASCAR
Brandon says Sunday = Man U game then WSU vs KU game . #Okie Smokes #Im So Excited
We should totally attempt some more 3's.
Ooooohhhhh okay i had plans anyway
It takes like 10 seconds to send a text. But it's fine I don't wanna talk to you anyway.
Anybody have plans to stare at their phones somewhere exciting this weekend?  tweet
Another NCAA tourny game tipping off at 10:30? Good thing these STUDENT-athletes don't have classes tomorrow.
Best time to lose 10 lbs and my gains before spring break
Failing my Spanish exam was the perfect way to end the shittiest week ever
It's awesome when you don't get to talk to bae all day and won't hang out all weekend
Finally some exciting action in El Cerrito
Have there been any Stephen Curry/Davidson comments on the twitter?
See, proof LBJ should come off the bench...
Hooray! Kate Upton Game of War commercials are back!
That's me... The awkward one sitting here, alone. All by myself. So please come and have a chat. # social outcast # i like it that way
Len # El more should be a coach he knows everything! #N C A A Tournament
This blows turtle dick!! Feeling like shit # Health y # F ml
im having the best SB'15 WORKING
The snow on the ground really makes today feel like the first day of spring. # first day of spring
You know what I love about # do u g got t lie b . He never makes it about himself.
If your a feminist you can lick my balls because I have a pair which makes me better than you # b u t f u c k f e m i n i s m
Thanks for answering my question guys
hope every1 enjoying the 1st day of spring 6:45 has passed 2mrw 1st full day.
Well I've been born now (19 years ago) Thankyou to everyone who made this day so lovely.. Now I'm going to sleep # i party hard
I see the Roush cars are performing much better this year.
Really enjoyed the new Kendrick Lamar CD. Of course watch the Grammy in 2016 go to Iggy Azelea
Considering my apartment doesn't have Fox I'll just watch the Glee series finale tomorrow. It's okay. Really.
Tubridy is such a skilled broadcaster. The way he completely ignored the mother of the lad with Locked in Syndrome! # late late
Chief on NHL Network tonight. Wings fans will love him. # long live chief
Great foul at the end of the half.  #Go Pokes #March Madness
'Sometimes I wrestle with my demons, sometimes we just snuggle' .
First day of spring and it's snowing. Yup global warming is definitely a huge problem
I just love stereo typing . It helps a lot in knowing the individual. # l ol # stereo typing #Life Advice #Life Comes At You Fast
Crisis! Costco is out of frozen chicken fingers! What will my poor child eat? # variety is tough
Little known fact: Official NCAA Sideline TVs are NOT HD.  #March Madness #No Please Slow The Game Down More And Still Blatantly Miss The Call
I love dealing with 10 thousand people on my own. # over reaction
Thank you college for emailing me that I might be accepted. I also might not be. Wow that's helpful.
Spring in the # B u r g h today was celebrated with rain & snow!! #Happy Spring
Ladies my # bracket is in the 99.6 percentile which I know you find very attractive. I'm free tonight....to watch #March Madness
I'm glad it was well communicated when the Caf and Cali would be closing. And what time the dorms would close.
I just love it when my dad's girlfriend is at the house
The best way to end spring break is with a purchase of mucinex sinus-max # sick #Spring Break
Figures my first night back at work it would snow. Thanks Nature. I'm doing great down here. Don't you worry 'bout me.
You want enthusiasm? Whoo-hoo. Extra hoo. Happy?
Iran's nuclear program is peaceful? I guess that Hitler's concentration camps were recreational!
Feeling the love on Facebook! # whatever
"Just tell him exactly how you feel." Right... Because that doesn't sound like a bad idea or anything at all
Weekends are so great when you have nothing to do.........
What wld ever make me think by looking at history that mandatory voting wld only have 1 party on the ballot?
The best part of close games in college bball is how many time outs coaches call. It really heightens the drama.  #March Madness
Happy Spring!! Today sure was warm and sunny!
I'm sure those cheap vandals were just "trying to encourage a discussion about race". # Austin #exclusivelyforwhitepeople
I love these login servers Jagex!
Its gona be a good night.
"It's really cute when people forget your existence until they need something"
Has there ever been a GUN TRAGEDY the #NRA condemned...or accepted some of the blames?!  #Unite Blue
Crean is a master game planner!  # Depressing #See Ya Next Year Hoosiers
My #March Madness runner up is only beating a 15 seed by 4 with 2 minutes left. I've had some good choices this year.
Someone should fire Crean. IU lost even though the players played impeccably well. # i u b b
I think traffic is the new kind of torture . . I'm do over it . . Add hip pain and it's of so fun . .  Almost there though . .
Tom Crean drawing up a play with the game on the line. No one better.
It really is starting to feel like spring
The two most common elements in the universe are Hydrogen and stupidity. Harlan Ellison # Q u o t e # Stupid ity
Looks like it's play offs. Woo.
lady_doctorwho: Dear life, thank you for not wanting me to go to p r o m with anyone. Thank you for making me # alone . Love, # p r o m #KC…
Dear life, thank you for not wanting me to go to p r o m with anyone. Thank you for making me # alone . Love, # p r o m
Officially 0-5 in my 1st round upset picks. Tied for last in my group. But hey, at least my wife is STILL pregnant.  #March Madness
Big 12 is so beast! Let me tell you, wins against some Southern Texas school and Buffalo today means a lot! # Lo l
Letting Vanvleet just walk right through the lane to the rim. I'm sure Crean will get that corrected during this TO. # i u b b
It's totally acceptable to post a gym selfie as long as you caption "normally I don't do this/usually I hate when people do this.."
Kike makes the best sand castles ever
Love it when I'm up early on a Saturday....not # work # weekend over already
Can I # follow you home? Cause my # parents always told me to follow my # dreams ..... Now that is a # pickup line
I think I'm gonna miss centrals parking lot the most
Having chronic annoying runny stuffy noses is really adorable. #Adorable Illnesses
Want to thank everyone at the beach for filling my news feed with how great it is right now.
Ok! And just today you come back to twitter and Facebook # Great
I am not a straw so don't suck up
Oh man we're just soooo boring to watch, our style of play is just destroying college basketball
Oh darn! He unmatched me!  #Tinder Shenanigans
Having your moods go from being happy to depressed in a split second is soooo adorable #Adorable Illnesses
I'm not having a shitty day...go have fun. # joy
As if self-harming is honestly the most adorable thing ever. Why wouldn't it be? #Adorable Illnesses # self harm
Thinking you're not good enough and don't fit in no matter what you do is so cute omg right #Adorable Illnesses
I just love full shot clock basketball
Oh like not being able to socialize and having massive meltdowns is super adorable, amirite? #Adorable Illnesses
I think Berdych needs to bounce the ball much more deliberately when he serves.
This snow is a great start to my spring break in NY
Of course Hertl is the disappointment of the season. When u score 4 in a game in your rookie season anything under it is worthless.
Oh Chatham you are a beautiful place... #Chatham Boy Born And Raised
Because not being able to do most things everything else can do is also the cutest thing in the world... NOT.  #Adorable Illnesses
Let's tear down a university so we can get a better education and improve South Africa #Makes Sense
Because worrying about every little fucking thing is the cutest thing in the world. #Adorable Illnesses # anxiety problems
WOW Tracey that was not the lest bit racist at all ( ) #GH
Must be a good day when you have to scrub off the word "bitch" off the counter...
My biology final is in a week and the professor hasn't posted the study guide yet. So that's convenient.  #College Student Problems
Having a panic attack and falling to the ground screaming is so much fun, because life needs more excitement! #Adorable Illnesses
Geez didn't realize there were so many UB alum out there  #Go Bulls
Hearing plows rubble down my street in march is such joy...I'm sooooooooo over winter, SPRING WHERE ARE YOU???!!!
Thank god I got my mom's vision and asthma and my dad's body hair and pasty sunburn prone skin
#Adorable Illnesses because having to not move for hours so you can save energy to heat up a can of soup is so exciting!
#Adorable Illnesses, because being in extreme pain whether standing, sitting, or laying down is just so much fun!
#Adorable Illnesses, because who doesn't love to make exciting plans for months and then be too sick to leave their bed last minute?
"I'm bored of having a job, social life, and fun weekend plans. Let's make fun of those who don't have that!" #Adorable Illnesses
and I finally get my ass out of bed. can tell today is going to be SUPER productive
#Adorable Illnesses, because who doesn't want to go on a liquid diet when they are starving and dreaming of a cheeseburger or pizza?
Yessssss Mcleon! Another one! So much hope for me! I HAVE THE BEST LUCK IN THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD!
I am so happy that since 2011 I have been given the right of freedom speech  - honestly the BS i have seen tweeted is unbelievable
Debating is fun when everything factual, researched, & proven is disregarded as "rhetoric" by # Gun fanatics. # Texas #Campus Carry
#Adorable Illnesses, because everyone wants to stay at home away from their friends and job for years! Who wants a life?
Isn't being in such extreme pain that you're planning ways to knock yourself out to escape the pain adorable?! #Adorable Illnesses
How cute would it be to be unable to eat or walk to the bathroom, and in unbearable pain? Everyone wants that! #Adorable Illnesses
Lay-ups must not be practiced in NCAA basketball. Easy shot, why practice?
I like how its the first day of spring and it's snowing. I love living in Massachusetts
What should we do for fun? I know! Let's make fun of serious health conditions and those suffering from them. #Adorable Illnesses
Nothing is as cute as being paralyzed from seizures while hallucinating voices! #Adorable Illnesses
Isn't being too ill to take a bath, wash your hair, or put on clean clothes for weeks at a time adorable?! #Adorable Illnesses
#Adorable Illnesses, because being chronically ill and unable to stand or leave the house for months is just so cute!
Happy # first day of spring #New York City ... Enjoying the # snow ? # spring # weather # climate change # season # season change # change # f b
I love it when service people are late.
I will never understand how people will listen to music with the same message & same exact sound. Way to have an open mind.
Poor Cheryl Fernandez-Virsini worried about the possible mansion tax....  #seehowtheotherhalflivelove
Dear co-worker: When you fold towels sloppily, it tells the rest of us that you do not give a single shit about us. Thanks a bunch.
Oh thank you commenter who says we should have written an entirely different post, we will absolutely rewrite it.
The perfect weather to study is when there's a mix of rain and snow.
Oh, so it was an attack on Rangers from the religious extremists? Realy? What did Rangers ever do to them?
If I'm going to talk to myself, I may as well do it on here # change please #International Dayof Happiness
I just love it when the bathroom floors at gas stations are sticky. That is my favorite thing in the world.
Incase anybody is wondering I would just love to see another grainy, over-filtered picture of the eclipse on instagram # eclipse 2015
It's amazing that the market isn't great for AP whose almost 30 and has a $12 million cap hit. # shocker
Nice coaching by Mark Fox there...why not sit Gaines and Mann when you're down 10? I mean Echols and Geno are awesome!
I love getting work done to my braces that makes me look that much more attractive and older.
It's good to know that the Casey's I'm working at has their shit together. x.x . #Why Did I Come Back #Youre Doing Great
There is a difference between and # I n s u l t
: "The ability to insult idiots.. without them realising it."
One thing that is soooo necessary for all the # fits p os on insta is a push up bra! Can't do a barbell snap without my push-up bra
Twitter changed its mobile layout. Yeah!
And so the game of musical chairs continues at the ATF. If this doesn't give you confidence in our government, nothing will.  #2A
Government customer service is always top notch.
Hey, at least it's snowing.  #NYC
"Go home and Get some rest this weekend, you look terrible." (Thanks for the compliment)
I speak fluent movie quotes # movie quote # do you get me # you don t even go here
My Dad loves how all the tournament floors are the exact same.
# k sl e g Lusk now cites specific standards and says how do you Outlaw? Doesn't she know changing the title means everything?
Good to see #KU is struggling early
"The grass needs a cut" said mammy, "Me back is in bits" sez Da, "I told you to be careful sitting on that couch " mocked mammy.
Sometimes I can't help but think just how great my friends are to me...
I didn't know a newspaper was filled with great poetry.... Smh
This is definitely the most loving, caring & healthy place to work  on 100
the worst kind of people are the ones who complain with a smile, I really don't like those people :) # hypocrite # comedy
Thunder fans relax...we still have Scott Brooks. This is what NBA coaches do! They make adjustments & move on. # thunder up # we dead
This is not a betrayal of being a friend. We were friend. But not for now haha. That's why I do love doing
Not sure if Evans an d Storley have wrestle d each other in college yet. # d 1 wrestle #ia wrestle
Childcare issue (poor gram-gram is sick!) causing an early dismissal for me today. # i m so o o o di sap pointed
Dear # Good reads , thanks so much for notifying us about the change to the whole friends/followers/fans thing.
Can somebody confirm Carrick's new one year deal, ta.
First day of spring and it's snowing YAY! #NYC
#International Day Of Happiness yeah because this is such a great and happy planet
The boys are getting along quite well this morning. # mom my problems
Thanks to the Student Council for thanking the band on being at the assembly on such short notice.
Hey would you look at that...glad to see supply and prices can go up in the same week. # energy # oil # r g j
I love it when neither of my employers look at my availability or requested time off when making my schedule.
Its seriously nice when people forgets the memories you've shared or done with them easily like its nothing but past to them.
Bobby Orr and Spike Lee share the same birthday? Makes sense why their personalities and public perception are similar # who knew
The future of FA will have a VIP system. Can't even send a note with out being a VIP . Or upload a pic more than 100kb. # f a # i m v u
Oh, my! It's snowing! There's something we haven't seen in a while, here in the Northeast! # l ol # we got this
Even if I have a pocket full of fucks, I still won't give it to you anyway
Mandatory voting, mandatory purchase of health insurance, make all the things mandatory # t lot # t c o t # tyranny # liberty
I can't think of anything that reminds me more of spring than fresh snow.
I tweet family's business... hey... # funny #itsnoton F B
Love seeing # bears fans excited about who's visiting the team before the draft. Cuz things are always as they seem with the draft
That was definetly the first thing I wanted to here after my surgery ...
How many sailboats are in the city's logo?! I need to know. # not breaking
let's get starteddd!!! stockcount stockcount...4 weeks in a row.. excited sgt nak count
Loving the very British reporting on today's # eclipse 2015 - so many shades of gray. #UK
Wow that Eclipse was the best thing I ever saw...  #I Dont Know Any More
Paul Merson going for a 3-1 win to Liverpool which shocks me with him being a Man United fan. # m u f c
" # not # on # point y " BEHOLD THE HEAVENLY HASHTAGS USED BY SOMEONE-WHO-DIDN'T-ASK-FOR-AN-ASIAN
I have the most amazing internet right now....Its so fast I Love it with a passion that I hope it BURNS TO DEATH BECAUSE ITS SLOW!
Spot the mistake(s): "i will tried to love u as i can" Oh budak2 wechat. Apa2pun salute kesungguhan dia guna english.
Yay spring break I-4 traffic! Woohoo!
Overtime on Saturday, how fuckin' exciting...
Who's ready for some more protests in Clayton?!! So exciting it will be like a parade! Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
I love when my best friend is super judgmental.  You're no saint, but I'm not judging
Nothing makes me happier than waking up in the morning to snow and a pile of homework... # be gone # so done
Ok so some frustrated Bangladeshis say that if rohit SHARMA was given out then they wud have won the match. Well done *claps*.  :D
I'm simultaneously, the nicest & the meanest person you'd ever come across #Mean Girls # t hats me # personal ity type
Nigel Pearson has, without a doubt, been the manager of the season.
Best Diet ever: Takotsubo-cardiomyopathy-Diet. Lost 10kg and down to around ~50kg in just 4 month # anorexia
I could be rumbling right about now # gutted :)
It's the first day of spring and its snowing?! I had no idea. Let's all post pictures.
Cannot believe what I just heard! The #Sierra Nevada is being moved to #New England because that's where the # snow is! # drought
What a great first day of spring.
I can think of nothing that I'd rather do than face this blizzard to go to Rita's and wait in line for hour for free water ice.
I don't always # R et we et but I will # reply with equal . And hopefully # humor .
woke up this morning without a voice, ought to be to be a great day!
Have a pretty strong feeling that this bday will be the best ever ...
So spent the morning reducing image sizes for a 2mb email.. #Love It  "The problem is the server"... maybe but.....
This is a great first day of spring! # snowstorm
An MP fiddling their expenses? I don't believe, I'm shocked.  #UKIP lying, theiving, rat bags.
At LEAST once a week someone calls out. I love my job
Flash news: Left my keys at home.
At least I received a bunch of rejection emails from potential employers. That seems to help a lot. # p o s i t i v ity
2 days later and still kicking my ass, thanks T2B! #Cross Fit # cross fit open 2015
It's 2015 people.. If you don't know flight etiquette then you do not deserve to live on earth. # first world problems
Ah yes I do love being coughed on by smokers, it's such an invigorating experience.
So the Big 12 was the best basketball conference # a c c
That three handle crash in spooz was surely the sign of a properly functioning efficient market.
Thanks old man winter! How did you know a snowstorm, NOT significant enough for a snow day, was just what I wanted for my Bday?!
Be happy... that could have been 5 extra minutes he was using to take away your gun rights and pray to Allah!! lol #GOP
Nothing like a last minute referee assignment to make the wife happy
Not sure if true, but I heard Buffalo played Kentucky this year.  #Hail W V
Oh thank the Lord I have everyone in my feed telling me it's the 1st day of spring even though it's snowing. I'd never have known
Thank Arceus for snow on the first day of Spring. Wouldn't want it to, you know, feel like Spring.
woooa.. # speechless O.o stop at 50%? both of them are the winner, NICE the result just like my prediction. well, whatever.
Nothing beats coming in for an unnecessary 8am meeting on a snowy/rainy morning.
Top of the Friday to YA! Ya know what's my favorite thing? I'll tell YA, mandatory Werk training on your day off! .
Nothing I love more than coming in for work meetings all day on my day off
Indiana PA, knows how to starts the first day of spring and IUPatties weekend off right! So beautiful out. # pussy ass snow #
Happy # first day of spring today's forecast predicts 2-4inches of snow.. wohoo!
Dear Day, Please just give me more issues to deal with!  Sincerely, Kyle Gilmore
Shout out to all my picks that lost by one dang point yesterday! And there were several! #March Madness # let the fun begin
Lady Thor is outselling male Thor. Obviously this means we want more lady Thor and not that marketing helps sell stuff.  #Lady Thor
Our National Fruit is Banana and National Business is Chutia Banana. #Life Itself # jokes
I've always enjoyed staring at a wall for almost two hours because I can't sleep. # its deep
no better way to celebrate the first day of spring than with a snow day off from school!
Blue skies above Cranfield now. The timing is impeccable.
I love it when my Cream of Wheat boils over in the microwave. That's
Well gee isn't that fantastic!  Thank you sweet baby Jesus that it is FRIDAY!
My 1st tweet....welcome to hashtags world
Who else saw the stunning solar eclipse in London?
Porto's chances of beating Bayern Munchen at the #UCL quarter final are as much of the just on Robben's hair!Lol
So Chris is in London, Darren will be in Paris and I'm at home. How cool is that
SATISFIED! and really hungry though. where is my feminist meal of brains and blood syrup hmm.
Love it when people ride my ass in traffic like it's my fault we're going slow as shit. Please, be more agro.
WOW TODAY IS GOING TO BE SO GREAT!!!!
So glad Parkville knows how to salt sidewalks
you are the prettiest girl i have ever seen.
Cuz cutting the deficit in half is incompetent. Yeah. Right.
More snow in Jersey, yaaay # cm on spring
Happy First Day of Spring!  No! It's going to snow!
Proverbs 12:18 There is one whose rash words are like sword thrusts, but the tongue of the wise brings healing.
I cannot wait to start work at 7am tomorrow
LOVE that my feet sweat. Love it. # e w seriously so gross
Beautiful weather for the first day of Spring
Greece has a bright future behind her.
Losing my bag to start the trip. Yay.
Going to DC at 6 in the morning is so much fun
And even though I'm sick, I am not in bed. Ha. Ha. Ha.
Seems to me like more indian housewives are watching this game than men. They have such great insight into the game.  #Pakvs Aus
"Take it on faith".......that's sound pedagogy. # a bed
Thankful that Blakely is sleeping while we wait on surgery. When she wakes up and realizes she can't eat it's gonna be funnnn
Oh how I love queuing! #Vatican Museum
#U Keclipse Like God had His hand on the dimmer switch and turned it 1 degree. # spectacle
England is an amazing place to view eclipses. # Clouds # i d k what i was expecting
Wow what a great eclipse here in Hempnall. # eclipse 2015
Well, that was great. Not. Thanks, grey British weather. # eclipse 2015
Kenner at 5 AM is never sketch
The solar eclipse is beautiful out here # Not #Solar Eclipse # Sweden
Found a spider in my shower this morning so today is of to an awesome start.
I can't see the sun. I've never experienced that before during the day in England
Looking at a solar eclipse without sunglasses cuz I'm kewl. # total eclipse #Pretty Sure Im Not Blind
Well the eclipse looks amazing here at the office I feel at one with the universe  #Essex Smog
Careful you don't burn out your EYES!!! #London Eclipse
the eclipse is an absolute DAYDREAM for those who suffer with migraines
Anyone know why it's getting darker...
I know the weather is "perfect for an eclipse" , and that everyone is craving jaffa cakes. Thank you. # b ah hum bug
It's the first day of spring! Can you believe we survived the winter?
Don't you just love it when letter saying private & confidential arrives unsealed and clearly open.! # annoyed # personal
Congrats to the haters in the fandom didn't realize breaking up 1D Was the end goal, hate on ur nearly there  #So Called Fans
Eclipse day! And look! Not a cloud in sight!
Going to love watching this #Solar Eclipse. The view through the clouds will be amazing # none vent #alwayscloudywithachanceofcloud
somehow you can't get any # S of i b r ill en # s o l a r e c l i p s e g l a s e s at the very last moment - nor foil - i just don't understand! yes,
It's ok. I'll wait for the next one # eclipse 2015
The Luxor massacre predates the Iraq war by more than 5 years. I guess it was a case of acausal radicalization
Thank heavens the sky is so clear and cloud free for the eclipse today... # eclipse
I think there's some sort of eclipse today
I was there for you so much through a hard time in your life now you don't even speak to me feels great being appreciated
Top Tip: E/B M8 drivers, it's expected that the sun will appear EVERY morning. Have you considered SUNGLASSES # pack ye r shades
Doctors' roll played by politicians. Why not mutton, lamb, chicken, fish be banned?... after all we are in the era of #Acche Din
Starting off spring break right # stomach flu
Isn't it great weather for a solar eclipse...
Hi midnight. Glad to meet you before the skytrain.
LOL i wonder why leo has been trippn all of sudden
So many ideas in my head to try out now. Thanks a lot # respond 15. # c s s 3 # code pen # s nip pet # to do
"If you try to change them now, you'll just lose them." My work is AWESOME
Looks like perfect weather for eclipse
I love gettin complaints about noise at this hour
Never saw that coming.  #Ausv Pak #CWC15
OH, YOU'RE SO FABULOUS???im pretty sure you fart glitter!
After today's match either # I n d will play the Finals or play against # A us :D # f b
I don't know about everyone else, but my Bracket is flawless after Day 1 of March Madness.  #Arizona Beats Kentucky
If u go to Millikan relays be sure to go eat the quesadillas bc they make it super quick
Wait...do people go to PCB/Destin for spring break?
because lazy people are my favorite people
AP Lit is the best class! Read about a terrorist yesterday, and a whole family getting murdered today
Changing my relationship status from single to still single
Man the refs gave #UK every call. # ham p ton would have won had they got half the calls #UK did!!! #SMH
Surprising how warm it is in NY
I think Hampton has one more run in them to make this tight.
Most of your fans hr saved up & traveld frm provnces juz 2 watch ur concrt & u bail out bcoz ur stressed???? Go party more!!!
I Hate these stupid Vines, where a guy hits a girl & everyone laughs... like HAHAHAHAHA you just assaulted a girl good for you
You're sooooo complicated because you're a fucking pisces.
Wow so unlike LSU teams to not be able to finish games.
Who wants to stay in my dorm Friday night and then go to the CM hockey game with me on Saturday?!
I'm glad you find my pain funny...
RT BigMacAttack20: Hampton only down 19! They got this! # l ol #March Madness
Nice Palms? Yeah that's not awkward at all Kai!  #TVD
Wow. A dirty cheap play by georgetown. Thats really shocking.  #March Madness
It takes a lot for me to really care & be there for someone so it feels great to never be appreciated for it when I do
no i aint tired im just exhausted
Do I get my wisdom teeth pulled over break or get my hair done? Hmmmmm, tough decision
Glad to see that whole decommitting from IU to play for Kentucky thing worked out so well for Trey Lyles.
I struggled whether to pick Hampton or UK... I ultimately chose UK, but it took me a best out of 7 coin flip to decide... # Tour ne y
So switching my sleep schedule from third shift back to first all within a couple days is going really well ....
It's almost as if authentic learning experiences are more meaningful than memorizing stuff for a test. # of course they are
Wait there was a fight in sansusky involveinv teenagers with baseball bats? No way I thought sandusky was a good city  #Hate This Town
Oh how i love this pneumonia
Oh no, BJ Johnson and Ron Patterson left Syracuse. Program is falling apart.  Jimmy has top 20 recruit coming. Malachi Richardson.
I dig when people hound me for days on end after I've already given them a firm answer...
# G i r o u x only scored just NOW. #Remove Captain Claude
Two of my favorite players made two of the smartest decisions in bball history.
SHORTER: Reagan began giving Pd's military weapons. You'd think after all these years they'd have also been given body & car cams.
Berube has some splaining to do on this move. Maybe he's trying to ignite the offense?
Kentucky's struggling, they're not up by 40 yet. What's going on!?
I wonder if these announcers think this should be a technical foul???  #Arkvs Woff
Wait - I can get 50,000 followers for a mere $150? Suh-weet! Because that would just be so damn meaningful.
Everybody that show up and stay till the end gets a free lap dance from a slut of your choice # jokes #ifyoutakemeseriouslyyoustupid
Cincy wins. American athletic conf best in the country
Upset alert! Hampton up by 1 with 37 minutes to go.
OMG UPSET ALERT! Hampton tied with Kentucky 0-0 at tip-off!  #March Madness
Correct me if I'm wrong but did willie cauly-stein play wide receiver in high school? # b b n #March Madness
bout to watch Hampton do some work!!! #Beat Kentucky # i wish # for re altho #N C A A Tournament
Only one thing better than rejection letters/emails is none at all, keeps you guessing and on your toes!  much. Bah
Happiness is hitting every red light on the way home
I have the tolerance of a 12 year old girl and the sense of humor of a 15 year old boy. This never makes for # awkward life moments
I sure wish they would fix college basketball. These tourney games are incredibly boring
Only things I've eaten today: a Popsicle, Canes, and greek yogurt. Yay for health, nutrition, and spring break next week!
Sure has been a boring day for college basketball.....
Fact: using the f and n word every sentence makes u sound intelligent and intimidating.
Such a great wardrobe choice, cyn. Flowy dress on a windy day. # smart # ah h h
I thought there would be a few more close games today.  #March Madness
Love it when a meeting gets scheduled for late Friday afternoon
Hold up NZ - so you replaced a bully with a racist on a scripted reality "talent" show? Good going...
Harry- thanks for telling us what "arrangement" means...we are just not privy to such difficult musical jargon.  #American Idol
Thank you, Purdue, for your inability to make free throws # just kidding # angry
Cincy and Purdue are putting on a shooting gallery this overtime period!
So excited muddy footprint and shedding season is here... # dog mom
Wow....who knew that about Kramer's mom?....huh.... # so tired oft hats tat #What About His Dad
Everybody is a ho in this episode... # s c and al
Peter you are a genius! You ended up trading Caron for a second line winger in Talbot!
Is Wheeler Scheifele and Stafford playing well tonight? I can't tell.  #N H L Jets
Can't believe anybody doubted we would win
The nba postseason is much better than march madness.
I wish I could find a good basketball game to watch. #March Madness
I bet it feels really good to beat Harvard by 2...  But still, I love my #Carolina Blue
Whew, my bracket would have been done if UNC lost to Harvard  #March Madness
Purging in my school motel bathroom.. I am so the cool one here
Yup. Sending frowns faces is absolutely going to change my mind.
Oh yeah, I'm the asshole, never the people on TV, right? it's all ME.
Maybe, just maybe, 'Nova is the real-deal afterall. # du h #Nova Nation #Letsmarch Nova.
no school for me tomorrow. love having a cold
so happy to know they're more important to you than i am.
So Cincy has a player ejected for punching an opponent. Don't think that's ever happened to the Bearcats before.
Oh boy, I really know how to pick them..
Go to a party or hangout with a guy I like... Hmm Such a tough decision
my day keeps on getting better and better.
I went to Starbucks to discuss all the Race Problems but nobody there knew anything about NASCAR...
I think I'll start a real meaningful conversation tomorrow morning during rush hour. #Race Together Like that'll happen
so a 1 handed slash is a penalty on the B's yet a hard 2 handed slash is not against the sen's yes that sound about right
My bracket is still perfect! #March Madness
Nova wins. Big East is the best conf in the country.
can't wait to fight with 10000000 people to try and board from palo alto # c al train
This construction in the parking lot is so swell.... Not like we need a soundproof room for radio or anything... #Oh Wait
depending on what happens in the near future there may be a mass exodus from FA. Gee I wonder why...
First player I have seen ejected from the #N C A A Tournament hard to believe he was from # Cincinnati # Bear cats
I can't believe that a Cincinnati player got ejected. That is a surprise. No one ever would have thought that would happen.
Gotta love home cooked meals aka eggo waffles
Revolutionary idea? Let's just ditch 5v5 altogether and switch to 3v3 - PEOPLE WILL LOVE IT!
Well just saw my old man and didn't punch him in the face. If you ask me I'm making wonderful progress...
That 10 minute ab workout really helped a ton
We've got a scrum. Shocked that Wilson's in the middle of it.
Boy am I excited to see what Facebook user 'Shart Garfunkel' wrote to me in response to a snarky comment I made on the EW board.
Also I got to meet a former National FFA Officer last night, NO BIG DEAL.
I love health alerts from daycare.
# data retention won't store your browsing history, just a list of all sites you visited, and when. See the difference?
Gee. Look at that. Leafs losing in the first period. That never happens.
dang my phone is blowing up
I just love it when people put photos of their injuries on Facebook. # v omit
I had Iowa State in the Final 4. Four teams I picked to advance all lost in the 1st round #Busted Bracket Ty Ole Miss Baylor & SMU
Super happy I paid for the upgrade in insulation for soundproofing. Especially when I can tell the neighbour is vacuuming.
guys, this was the BEST FUCKING SPRING BREAK EVER i got to wake up at 6 am every single day and i even got my heart broken today
Oh, I can see there's going to be a lot of defense in this game. #N H L Bruins # two goals in 59 seconds
Wow...packed house in # j a c k s o n v ill e to watch the # u n c # h a r v a r d game...
It's always nice being made to feel like shit just before you go to bed. A really fantastic way to end the day
I still have detention tomorrow and monday yay awesome cool fun  af
Tomorrow my last copyright appeal expires. What could possibly go wrong?
It's about time #Ohio State sports won a big game this year
Thanks to NASCAR for developing a Chase system that has everyone talking about in March, 6 months before it actually happens
But Roy needs to retire so UNC can hire Shaka Smart right?
Big 12 is having a great showing so far in the #N C A A Tournament.
This time next week I'll know whether I'll be taking the witness stand. What an exciting time to be me
"You're such a sarcastic little bitch." Yeah tell me something I don't know
Obama is messing up with mandatory voting. He should instead be offering a tax break for voting.
This surgical write up is really fun
These announcers are totally not biased toward Ohio state.
Let's play some wwe supercard # fun # amazing
Yes, Iowa State lost. Broke a lot of folks brackets. At least the folks can go back to their fun exciting lives of living in Iowa.
That was an amazing coaching job by our amazing basketball coach! # rolling eyes #Hotty Toddy
So the # Big 12 isn't the best basketball conference in the country? Who knew?
Thanks to all the cricketing journos, great insight into how Chris Gayle plays throw downs
The # Big 12 is winless so far? # Shocked #March Madness
Taking Transit Rd north to south is super fun.
I didn't know that water was only available for people who go to uni. I am 70% illegal.
It shows a lot of class to message a random woman that she has "nice knockers."
Way to play with compassion rebels.
Well, thanks # Baylor ! My bracket is off to a FANTASTIC start because of you! #March Madness # bracket busted
I have worked out for the past two days and watching what I eat. Why haven't I lost like 20 pounds already?  #It Takes Time
Party at Suzy Feldmen's place. Whoopdeedo.  - Mica
Moment when you're doing homework and have no idea what the hell is going on but can do it. #Spring Break2015 #Wonderful Things
Randomly feeling like I'm gonna barf is always my favorite thing
i speak in # analogies and :)
So glad I'm at work not watching basketball.
Besiktas can beat a Liverpool side on the up but can't beat Club Brugge ... Done both coupons....cheers
also way to have a dude that book girls like to lust over be lead in the movie because thats def going to make for a good movie
Guys this week has just been the best.
I am hungry for your love but il settle for pizza
And this weekend shall consist oooooffffffff..........studying...yup I know right,how exciting # happy days # program min g # mechanics
Just saw a guy get shut down trying to pick up a girl in line at QT. Who knew she didnt want to meet a guy buying gas?  #Bad Advice
This Mario has a smudge on his nose. FACTORY DEFECT! I can sell this for $500! # am i i b o
is a dying art, people today just aren't as smart as they used to be
This is so unlike Ohio State to dig a huge early hole.
Someone needs to put that crazy Bryce Alford game-winning 3 to some dub step music in a vine! What a shot! #March Madness
UCLA. Wow. Couldn't have happened to a classier coach.
Has there ever been a GUN TRAGEDY the #NRA condemned...or accepted the blame?!  #Unite Blue
Verne Lundquist - two great calls to end games today
Tough start for best conference in NCAA # Big 12 #ACC
Thank you, work for giving me 1 hour notice that I have to come in early and stay late. You're so nice.
So we were going to watch something tonight but people are "busy". Not like we made a plan or anything!!
I feel so bad for the big 12 and their arrogant fans #0-3
Welp. It was nice having Gregg Marshall.
Every Big 12 team is really stepping up to show how strong of a conference the Big 12 is.
At the CPA, there's some good news for your Thursday!
Dear obnoxious drama queens of the school, try to eat your make-up. Maybe you become beautiful on the inside or maybe you die.
Sweet it's supposed to snow again tomorrow! # enough already # old man winter
At least the football playoff committee knew what it was doing by pre-eliminating the Big 12 from contention, amirite?
I love my ability to do great on exams. I love how smart I am. I love collage.
Amir needs to reign in his effort. . He had to keep this pace up for a whole 40 minutes  #March Madness #Go Bucks
Texas is running some really quality offense on these last few possessions.
I hate it when the commercials are rude ly interrupted by #March Madness. # rude # figure it out
gutted for Taylor missing that 9 darter there
Well, if it's written on the wall with white chalk, it HAS to be true.
So the Big 12 is having a good day
Love seeing the plow drive by with the blade up! # n s storm # s n o w p o c al y p se
In the space of 3 years my state has gone from 6 World Cup SJ qualifiers to only 2. Well ain't this great!
I just love when I know you can respond to the 2 texts ive sent in the past 4 hours but you dont #So Cute #Good Talk
My day just keeps getting better. #Full Time Job
Thank you, District of Columbia, for your laws forcing me to fill out both electronic and paper time sheets. # u n n e c e s s a r y d u p l i c a t e s
#LIUB: because I need fucking blue lights to continually send the message that I shouldn't exist.
Stop focusing on how bad the big 12 is, maybe the Sun Belt Conference and Conference USA are just that good # its march
# Big 12 Basketball. Its Fan-tastic! #N C A A Tournament #March Madness
'Yeah, Sir Elton specifically references dead call girls in the Circle Of Life" #i Zombie  ftw
Wait so did March madness start today or is everyone just really pissed..... # j k
Glad I'm still at work and not watching March madness.
Boy that Boeheim press conference really ruined the tournament didn't it?
Little known fact. Tea brews better if your pour water over it # forgetful
WTF: "As of May 18, 2015. This means that, at that time, BETSI will no longer be able to access your shop" Well that's helpful.
I love being treated like crap and like I'm an idiot just because I'm young and also a female. It's great.
Was Art Briles coaching # Baylor bball today? He's been know to win the big ones. 2-7 Bowl record. #Charge On #U C Fiesta #March Madness
Be a normal Girls for me Not To be My fake perfect Girl!
Those friends that never talk to you anymore
EUROPEAN MICKEY MOUSE CUP, NEVER WANTED TO WIN IT ANYWAY
Knock knock. "Who's there." Marry. "Marry who." Marry me.... haha! full of #Lo L # comedy
The # Big 12 is still obviously the best conference. I mean GSU and UAB are just tough outs any day of the week..... # Big 12Sucks
Is it good when one of your Final Four teams goes down in the opening round? #Thanks Baylor
Nail biter here for Arizona! Will they be able to hold on? #March Madness #N C A A Tournament
Thank you Baylor. Thank you.  #March Madness
# Premier # league is the best league in the world
Thank you UAB. Thank you Georgia State.
# Big 12 0 fer #March Madness so far. Good thing they had 7 teams selected.
thanks Baylor. thank you so much.
Big 12 off to a blazing start!!!
Big 12 is looking good so far in the tourney...
A glorious day for those No. 3 seeds from the Big 12, eh?
Super impressed to see the way Batmen and Spider Men climbing multi storey building and saving student's lives! # B i ha r
great coaching here by Scott Drew
I would like to formally thank the University of Alabama Birmingham for ruining my bracket.  #March Madness
Hooray, I get to be the keeper of the brackets...
Why do women get to always wear heels in # c o m i c s ? Why did we stop participating, dudes? #stopputtingeveryfemcharacterinheels
Having the flu is so fun.
Leaving something you're having a good time doing to do absolutely nothing is always such a good idea # so bored # take me home
Bumbling controversial Police minister # N h le k o gonna reveal his # N k and la report. No surprises expected. .
Imagine what Butler's lead would be if they'd be adequately tested during league play.
Thanks so much for the 27 cents tip # serve r problems
Um, can someone please tell me if Iowa St. won their game or not today?? # i already know # blowing up my news feed
It's almost a week later, and I'm still rockin the rash I got from Mariott hotel detergent. Hooray for allergies!  It's almost gone?
Lol my bracket is doing great! # s i k e
Just sitting around waiting on all my friends SC from PC... looks so fun....
Oh Baylor I would just love double digit turnovers please  #March Madness
For a quick note, Hastags are used for trending topics... and Not to get a bold font! #Just Saying
Great skills from Jagielka to clear the ball He should get called up for the England squad
Thanks a lot UAB... my bracket appreciates you.  #March Madness
Will it be a spirited fight back or a tame surrender. Answer carefully and remember our manager's tactical genius.
Unloading the storage can and carrying 7 billion chairs has to be my favorite thing ever
Good thing I had #Iowa St in the Elite 8.  #N C A A Tournament
This ISU loss is really gonna hurt K-State's S.O.S. # e maw
The # Big 12 choking in the tournament once again. Awesome. #March Madness
I wonder if any brackets are ruined now.
Thank you Iowa state sooooo much
Thank you Iowa state for not coming to play...
Only took 3 games in this year #March Madness to ruin my brackets! Thanks #Iowa St # appreciate it
Just made some # spread sheets for my business, I feel so adult. #On Fleek # blessed ( )
THANKS IOWA STATE THANKS YOU SO MUCH
The # Big 12 is really proud of you #Iowa State. Gee thanks. #March Madness
Welcome to the T'wolves Mr. Hoiberg?
Yep, # Big 12 was the best basketball league this season. #March Madness
The Bulls want to replace Thibs with Hoiberg... Who just did a brilliant job of coaching in the tourney.  #So Cubs
Everyone had UAB in their brackets right? I know I did.
Proper love 2-10 shift. It's the best shift in the worrrrrrrrrrrlllllllld
That vacation lasted a long time, huh?
Oh how much I love making my grocery list each week, where's my # wine ?. # not # life of a mom
I'm just ECSTATIC to be living on campus next year, the dorms here are just so welcoming and warm and would NEVER induce stress
So, the Big 12 is dominating, huh?
Love it when my dog gets a hold of my brand new G3 and chews on it!!! # bad dog # love dogs #cantstaymadatawesomedog
Dudes don't fight or get loud with no other males but hits their girl. Yall are the real bad asses
Remember guys, Gwyneth Paltrow is just like the 'common woman'.
Nothing more relaxing than a day spent at the DMV
A November-December World Cup. Good job FIFA
I love playing phone tag all day. # car insurance problems #nationwidebetterbeonmyside
What Demetrius Jackson just did to the entire NorthEastern team on the fast break was uncalled for!  #N C A A Tournament #N Dvs N E
I'm so happy I showed up for independent study and my prof didn't, I love wasting my time when I could be sleeping.
Dwayne Bowe! Hartline! Hawkins! Gabriel! Benjamin! Moore! Barnidge! Dray! Mixed with MCCOWN!!! #DYNASTY # B r owns #Dawg Pound
Yay for being a homeowner!!!! It's SOOO much fun when everything leaks!
Staplin physicals is my fav part of the day
Garner gets to take antibiotics for the first time. Ear infection for the win.
Perk to being rejected, I feel more at ease # Dead inside
BUZZING for the 2022 World Cup just before Christmas :/ # world cup 2022
Yesterday's violence in # Mesa was a tragedy but it'll be a shame if this incident starts giving white supremacists a bad name.
Winter World Cup approved in Qatar. Good job, FIFA.
Busy day at school. Then home to do work work. So much fun.
The best thing about having barn cats is that they come into the house to throw up half digested mice.
Glad to know my spring break has already started lol I love doctors appointments
Are there any basketball games today?  #N C A A Tourney #noworkisgettingdonetoday
His pants were pulled up, no hoodie, no loud music. Hmm...how else could he have avoided such brutality?  #Justice For Martese
The truly sarcastic miss typing in italics in social media. # you knew it
Having Nicole argue over if there is one or two elephant statues is such riveting television # Days
oh my god.... why # z a y n , why?!! it's like mac and cheese without the... cheese. #nowim R E A L L Ynotwatching
Nothing like starting off your day by washing bird crap off your door.
If the #G O P Hates Poor People why would #Mitt Romney say something as sweetly condescending as, "People are corporations my friend."?
Less than a hour into #March Madness and my bracket is still perfect!
Nothing like a child being hit in front of you to brighten your day at work... :(
Tie game with 29 minutes left in the game?!? PANIC!!
My political philosphy prof asked if anyone has ever gone to Issacs! I'm sitting here like "whats issacs?"
I'm sure love debugging this assholes' code
Zane has left 1D how am I ever going to survive
So going from ok to feeling like death... Just what I wanted.  #IBD
The important thing is that #I N Legis adjourned in time for everyone to watch #March Madness.
Facial masks - the new sexy.
What? You say that a Mike Brey coached team is struggling in the NCAA tourney? That's unheard of. I would've NEVER predicted that.
Hey, have you heard about the Kris Bryant/service time thing? This is the first I'm hearing about it.
I love being lied to #SB2K15 # bitch
I love it when I forget to put a hashtag on my tweet for a tweetchat... and I'm the "social media guy"? ;) # y l e c
Its both an honor and a privilege to get called for # jury duty - but the waiting sucks
I love when people spread rumors about me, cause I always love to hear what I didn't know about myself.(:
Hide what you want, but you best get ready to run, you can only hide the truth for so long  #Straight Talk
keeping my opinion to myself today... you're welcome!
Well #King Obama has done it again another executive order is out the gov. can't pollute as much when will this madness stop?
I would slap you so hard, even Google won't be able to find you!
Some lady is trying to drum up business for a “proffecional” tattoo artists. I can’t imagine why nobody is replying.
Classes are apparently starting up next week for my program. Only three weeks, how lovely.
"Wanna know why you're my favorite teacher?" "No" "That's why!" # teachers
So glad everyone's snapchat stories was of the snow we got, it's not like I couldn't just look outside or something.
If Justin Bieber is a virgin, then I have a wife, two kids and a little dog tucked away in the heart of Devon
I think I will now boycott the #Simpson's; the image of Homer choking Bart has always bothered me. #Real Not Real #Find Your Filter
I have a 12hr shift this sat.. Ggggrrrr i so can't wait for weekend..
What a way to know Americas history
I had some amazing luck yesterday I tell you what!
So the Patriots replaced Revis with Fletcher???? Upgrade. # Eagles
So things are totally going my way today!
That's funny that you like everything I like months after I tell you I like them (: # be your own person
I hear that KFC is gonna start selling alcohol. Very. Nice !
Ohh fuck life is so hard... Everything's going wrong cause I've run out of cheese
Not using  at work has never been as hard as it is today...
FREE BUS SERVICE?! Do I get reimbursed for my metro pass?
Like if you "don't know it" then write in your mother language
That was the best class we've had in a long time!
Making the requested changes to my dissertation. Oh what fun!
Yup, I called you out on your ignorance because your "black". Don't pull the race card on me, I'm a minority too! # ignorance
I wonder what the weather will be like for London's #H R Tech Europe Conference...  ExCel is well insulated though, just sayin' :)
Thanks Microsoft for deleting my email account, it's cool. Not like I needed it anyways
I was forced to apply to a job with an hour long commute... ha ha ha
9 min in. 51 to go. # car di o # t we et # sweat Ughhh I love it. Yes!! ;-)
" Hardy choked me with both hands around my throat while I was lying on the floor." Greg Hardy sounds like a real stand up guy.
Sheri Moon Zombie is going to star in Rob Zombie's 31?! That's a shocker! xD
I love having 2 midterms on the same day
Hard decision, but I've got Kentucky going all the way.
Mr. Jones feeds us so well.
Thanks Mother Nature. You made my day  #I Hate Snow #Baseball Season Is Here
Highlight of my night was definitely falling down the stairs and fracturing my shoulder. HA.
I love You Tube videos that are super controversial and the comments and Like button are disabled # losers #You Tube # bias # fail
Waking up at 8 in the morning is EXACTLY what I wanted to do on my spring break.
There needs to be a special font for ...
It's gonna be a great day at work. It stinks like something died and I just fell down the stairs.
Whatever happened to the deflated footballs investigation?
Just love being the only one cleaning the house
So is today like the first baseball game or something?
Groundbreaking stuff on the Today Show: 3 things to do with bread. It is changing my life.
I'm in love with how you assume everything.
If only  translated as well on paper
Things that make me happy: sitting on the highway in traffic on my way to work. # t h i s s u c k s
LL Cool J performing at #Wrestle Mania? Nooooo, now there will be no time for Kid Rock!
.... Ok I'm awake and at work.. I really just want to sleep in last day off was 17 feb I think. Hurray block schedule. # damnit
well, it was a good season. Sad it all had to end last night.  #NYR
WOW did everyone see that Messi nutmeg yesterday????
Great planting weather in West TN
Because the police's job is arrest the outstanding citizen  more to the story than we are being told #Charlottesville Police
Bangladesh actress again filed charges against Rubel Hussain after Bangladesh exit from WC  #I N Dvs B A N
So Greg Hardy signed with the Dallas Cowboys. Oh yes, the NFL cares about domestic violence victims
Well this day is already going great....
Interesting enough 6:57AM is NOT in fact 7:00AM. It's 6:57.
So the fire alarms went off in the building I work at 5 times throughout the night last night.... Work should be fun today  #FML
Love getting a missed call at 12am. Yep I was only sleeping. No big deal.
Today is really going to be a treat. # i might quit today
Ding dong the witch is leaving town # oh dear how sad never mind # missing you already
Looking forward to beating Australia and playing india in the semi final.  #CWC15
Will the Bagla fans book a ticket for Dhaka or for different Indian Metros? #Just A Thought #I N Dvs B A N #Aadhar Card  ;)
Forecasting 2-5" of snow on the first day of spring? Sure why the hell not, spring should be here by summer right?
There's the drinks we all have been waiting for.. just wait for the turnaround  #I N Dvs B A N
Bad day for umpiring and Good day for Indians.  #CWC15
Crying right after you wake up is always fun...not # sad # circle of life
My natural talent and skills are just too good. I wouldn’t mind working for an intelligence service.
Starting the day off right with 5:45 practice yay!
Car troubles this early in the morning? Great way to start the day.
Cant believe falcaos agent wants him to come to spurs. Him and soldado up front? # goals
Twitter takes so much battery life I could kill every bird for it, maybe it'll be better. # irony # i hate my life
No dad... I'm not having a party while ur gone for two weeks in Florida! That's just immature! # H ah ah a
I had a really nice nightmare. Oh I love those so much.
"Sky raises prices after Premier League auction". I'm sure no one saw this coming. #4 billion
why is it always times like these that I choose to stretch and do yoga? # i don t have work # s t i l l o n v a c a y time
When the dog has puked 4 times before 830am, you know its gonna be a good day! :/  #ICYMI
In a hospital waiting room listening to an old man on the phone talk about having a good bus driver. Cant wait till I'm a pensioner
Can you please turn the heat up some more..
is my middle name. Lol. # beware
Remember everyone: don't look right at the sun! You might damage your eyes! # b b c breakfast
Lose weight the natural way. Get a thyroid condition.... . #First World Problems.
Now chances of scoring high will increase. Beware Bangla. Because Sir Jadeja on crease #I N Dvs B A N
#Rohit's crazy. Pushing through covers to get to 100? "Indiv vs team" dictum demands rash stroke when on 99 regardless of situation
My evaluations are comin along in my webquest & I love when my personality shines through # literally # in my web quest # my students get it
#N D T V Girl Asks. Two Young Women Abused "Ohh, the pain - THE PAIN!! Cry The Beloved Country!" :P  What a theatrical drama queen.
Carpooling with a different teacher than usual today. Hooray for small talk.
"dere shud b a refund of calories for the food that didn't taste as good as you had expected" # calorie check # food die check
Constant # H um our and is the way of avoiding people let into your # mind
I didn't know band merch are now clothing brands?
Bradford's 3rd year they grab Jeff Fisher ta come save the day!!! YAY!!!
I love being stuck at work when it's time to go home. It's just so lovely.
When people like your tweets as a poor attempt at a scare tactic. I'm totally trembling
Pretty sure I at least sprained my good knee playing rugby today...this semester has just been the greatest!
It's too bad they don't play those Matthew Mcconaughey commercials more often.
I didn't want to get my car serviced this week, No I really wanted to spend $300 at the vet... again #dogsaremoreexpensivethancats
SMH woke up to a bag from the USPS with a bunch of returned envelopes for insufficient postage....love small town service...
Well this has been the best day of my life and to make it better add throwing up to the list # sick # blowing chunks # worst day ever
Changing my relationship status from "single" to "still single"
All thanks to dalton state college's amazing and wonderful class schedule. You guys are the best. # i don t mean that
Dante Exum's defense on Wall there while on the bench was great. Trey sucks.
When you come back to nothing but chaos in the world. Clearly the last six years have been for the better...
Theres fucking blood in my hair lmaooo this is exactly how i pictured my Thursday night to go.
I love this news I always get when I come home. Makes me really love being here.
It's just too bad cause a win tonight sure would have made a difference next season
Wow I just found out that #Kim Jong Un is a real person!! Actually thought he was a #Super Villain from some D-list TV series
So thrilled everything decided to go to shit at the same time.
What a great feeling it is knowing you are of less relevance in someone's life than they are in yours
March Madness: Because I always look forward to working 43 hours in a span of 2 1/2 days.
Oh good. The pale Orc is back. We all love him. # K i m i watches 5 armies
Off to work AGAIN. Good think I'm going North of the Artic Circle #Lets Roll # lead dog view
"Chop busted fellow adult, chop busted!" # Community
I feel ever so hated. It's eating away at my soul. May collapse from total organ failure from the cold glares and snippy comments.
I've always found Islamophobia and homophobia to be great evening conversations with strangers.  That's my cue to leave.
Atleast they changed the look of the floor to make it seem like it wasn't a home game for Dayton!  #First Four
Sweet ass boyfriends make me want to barf all over. # hopeless romantic
Maybe I should take the repetitive hint & start using those slimming body wraps people keep promoting to me because I'm so huge.
No call?? Wow. Shocked that Dayton won. At Dayton. Nice job by NCAA committee.
Blake Griffin is the perfect combination of thug and cry baby.  #Sacramento Proud
I love the "oh i forgot to tell you " things
A spousal abuse joke how tasteful Family Guy
I love living in a # pot # marijuana # prohibit ion state # florid a # r u f k m
Got my Doctor Who blanket, a wet flannel on my head and a jug of ice water next to me. Never looked so sexy in my life.  #Do Not Want
# Oilers Curtis McIllheney (sp?) is a HOF goalie right? # stop making him look good
Remsen rumors are just the best
Coach Karl may or may not have mentioned defending a guy by the name of Reddick (17pt) for the Clippers in last Kings time out  ;-)
Good job CSU. You're really showing the NCAA that you deserved to be in the big dance.
Read #Azaela Banks interview w/playboy and apparently she hates me... as I'm a fat white guy. But NO, that's not racist, right?
I hope people realized if i sound rude i'm being sarcastic but still respect you # respect
Haven't seen the #Empire Finale so no one on Twitter can talk about it until I see it.
And of course the customer service rep is *just lovely*
I ain't seen Empire yet, but I already know EVERYTHING that happened on it. Thanks guys!!! # fuck y all
The best thing to do to someone with anxiety and suicidal tendencies is to make them feel like the most worthless thing ever.
And also I didn't know that all black people are literally the color black .. I learn so much on Twitter
Really enjoy not being able to sleep, it's quality  #Ya Dont Say
Dear Pencil Dick in my parking lot: you can do 40 mph in a small lot. You're so cooool!
Just read that Noel's foot is a 'non-issue.' Yeah, that really made me feel better. #DFS
oh i cant wait to see a singer in a url battle
"9/11 never happened" ???? yeah and dinosaurs still never died out.
Dayton really travels well for the NCAA Tournament!  #Maybe Duke Will Get A Tourney Game At Cameron Next Year #Wont Be Shocked
When your friends hide things from you!
So I guess that wasn't you who tweeted that soon as I said something about ol boi ?? Oh It Wasn't. "right right" MY BAD
I'm crying with pity so bad I can barely type since the #G O P Hates Poor People. Gonna cry myself to sleep tonight.
Sending "friendly reminders" to Aus to turn in my taxes because I'm not a regular nagging girlfriend  #Nag Hard Nag Often
Looking forward to eating on break by myself.
Time for anxiety!! YAYYYY SO FUN
This is really something Libs want to push? #G O P Hates Poor People Wow, great slogan guys...
I've never witnessed someone hallucinate or sleep talk this coherently. Impressive
Robert Morris should be moving on to play Kentucky. How the committee screwed that up is ridiculous.  #butreallyhowdidtheymissit
Enlightened us with your douchie advice Dan please #Survivor Worlds Apart # survivor
"Oh my God I think I'm Japanese because I watch anime like all the time y'know kow ne chee hwa" I love these kind of people!
The news lately totally makes me wanna join the Greek system in college
well thanks rich white dude, i'd never thought about that before you mentioned it! # i n n e r s
i really love having to set up a printer
About at my breaking point. The next 3 months should be awesome.
Glad to see the zebras have stepped up their game for the NIT  #Destination N Y C #MSG #Old Dominion H A I L
Oh yes, just so completely so! Be sure to troll, comment copy paste & send again. #You R Just Too Kind Lol #watchin U2 # Du h
I loved your status so much you should have seen my face when a year later I see it again via timehop
Oh yeah just make sure you keep doing what I hate.
Here from 7-5 today and have to be back at 10 tomorrow. Good thing I'm not working # jury duty
The snow this morning was such a lovely surprise…
Kudos # Star bucks for talking about racing. It's about you stopped catering to yuppies and included the rednecks! #Race Together
I'm not feeling very well, but thank you for asking me.
It's a beautiful evening for our first night of the 2015 Spring Trap League! # rain # still shooting
I love it when I mop a section of the floor and a customer sees this and walks on it anyway. So awesome!
This penny of a pint things ace - buy 300 get one free , if you will
Liking everything I post on social media yea that definitely counts as an apology
So glad I finally found an outlet and purpose for my bizarre wealth of # pop culture knowledge. Not to mention my and # b a d p u n s .
When you've started to fall there's no way back up till you've hit the bottom. #Happy Times
Amazing that the biggest issues early on with Nodeschool Boston involve Window machines. I would have never guessed.
When you're that tired you can't sleep and your brain goes into overthinking mode. I love that
Yo that beach weather probably don't feel as good as this Valley weather
So much love in our #Internet Broadcasting class tonight. #front Row Battles  #nothing But Love
Privatising the NHS would be a great way to fill the pockets of the wonderful rich conservative boys, though # f u c k t h e t o r i e s
With how much my car loves me, I should end up with a mechanic. # but seriously
#I Once Overheard Ozil is responsible for Prince William getting a bald spot before he was 30.
With enough knowledge, work, skill, time, you too can "do" a website. Amazingly, entire careers are based upon this principle.
So selling Armstrong and GMS continues to bring in dividends
Of course I turn on the last two episodes of Boy Meets World. That's...that's great. # why
I really need to be studying for my tests tomorrow. Darn these other classes for getting in the way.  #Not Enough Time In The Day
My favorite part about riding the city bus is when creepy thugs try to play footsie with me # can you not
The reason why you haven't heard about Obama nuking Charleston is because of the liberal bias of the MSM. #TCOT # unite blue
Lets go get these guns a lil bigger
LOOK AT THAT GUYS SHORTS THEY ARE SO SHORT YOU CAN SEE HIS SHINS I SHALL CALL AT HIM AND SAY WHAT I THINK OF HIS APPEARANCE
Horrible service. No buzz at all. Horray for # happy hour
Bet Lance Moore sure is glad he asked for his release.  #Not A Sniff #Looked Terrible In2014
That last RT: who knew politics was such a financially rewarding place to be?
My internet is just fantastic. I can't even check my email while playing Battlefield online.
Must remember to go to #KFC next Valentine day #The Billion Dollar Chicken Shop looks lovely  again Jeff
Greg Hardy is a saboteur. Have fun in Dallas. I hear Jerry Jones is fun to work for
Must be a proud moment to be awarded the best KFC manager #The Billion Dollar Chicken Shop  in case you thought I was serious
Most lopsided 1-0 match I've seen since 10-man Brazil beat the US in '94. #F C B City
After watching all Harry Potter and the Star Wars movies, my laptop is finally done updating.
"Twitter is all about world politics & gender/race/religion equality " Yes it's such a shame people wanna make a positive change.
oh tv, bless your heterocentric world.
#Woman Beater #Greg Hardy is now with the UnAmerica #Cowboys...so Mr. Hardy will beat women in Dallas Texas. # Class y #Jerry Jones.
Thinking of modeling my bracket after the POTUS. He seems to have great strategy & insight on this national issue. #March Madness
Oh hay winter, hay girl. So glad you're still here. I was worried you'd left us. # no p e # i need spring # n y c
My 10yo is so much fun today & he's in such a good mood
Supposed to have gotten extra hours at my internship this week, but getting incredibly sick works too I guess. # death
Be well gutted for city if they get knocked out like # b a n t z # i hate city
Oh I wonder what happens in # game of thrones # i can read
I mean...punching your girlfriend and then throwing her onto a pile of guns sounds like a perfectly kind human being to me
The Hartford Yard Goats huh??? We are def living up to being HARTFORD: New England's rising star!!!
I just love working all day, then staying late to go to the new building, AND bringing work home with me! # not # fuck this shit
Although hard work may pay off in the future, laziness definitely pays off now # motivation
Hi random anxiety, nice to feel you again, where've you been?
The amount of sass I just threw at a small child is AMAZING. Don't FUCKING mess with me children. # s ass queen
The second thing is that our country is divided on every major subject. So its going To Be a Fun couple of years.
The Hartford Yard Goats! That is definitely the best name EVER
Based on the 17 minutes, Juve have not improved this season, our summer mercato players, offer zero and are shit
Went to the gym and for got to take a workout selfie. # life over
Scientology has spaceships?! Crazy! I'll stick to my guy who parted the sea with his mind! # Moses
Thank goodness for the media so our President can be informed of news, issues and situations at the same time as everyone else.
I listen to a lot of songs I wouldn't normally because of the skip limit. Thanks pandora.
Well so far today has been awesome. One of the best days of my life
That advert for The Hospital Group with Tina Malone is horrendous! Can't lose weight? Have life-risking surgery! YAY! Great idea!
Am assuming that some people are too poor to afford a full length mirror # austerity
My boss: it's supposed to be cold and rainy Saturday. Me: thanks for that day off
Please please please # rebel grove , more of Jeffrey's hot takes on Dylan's whole deal. Maybe a second daily podcast? # good grief
You know that feeling when you're life seems to be falling apart? Yeah. Feels great... # fuck feelings # kill me now
Just bc u can b shot anywhere anytime by anyone, even a 2yo, USA doesn't have a gun problem. We have a lack of body armor problem.
ooooooh mmmmmmyyyyy GOD! $TSLA is ripping bear face.... GAP UP.... SQUEEEZEEEEEE
# Rainy in # Da mm am , # Sunny in # Amsterdam ,
Much of what's good is missing and we are still happy.
I'll take my # coffee as black as my .
India is the only team to have a warm up game before semifinals LOL  #Indv Ban #CWC15
Time to spend eight and a half hours in chick-fil-a... Woot.
Yet another First Bus No. 20 cancelled in the middle of rush hour. Awesome service as always! # chocolate tea pot
Thank you St Patricks Day for making me drink while on antibiotics  #This Hangover Is4 Real #Worth It
My # degree of depends on your degree of # stupidity .
This girl just left this classroom crying. I'm entering that class to take my final. If that's not a good sign I don't know what is!
Ok everyone can stop blowing up my phone. Give me a break gosh.
Muppets are getting all lathered up to hear from their master in about 15 mins. oh the anticipation.
That comeback vs UGA was INCREDIBLE. 0 turnovers until the 2nd half. UGA 3/17 from 3. UGA misses 3 front ends. # un be a table
Last night shift, I can do this Hate getting a wedge for playing in a # F if a tourney with my colleagues #LateNight F if a
Wow this day is just absolutely splendid!
Hanging out at #O H L Cup today. By the end of the day I'll be an expert on 99-born players. # the more you know
Dallas Cowboys Logic: We're not comfortable with Dez Bryant's character so let's go get Greg Hardy #Makes Sense #Good Call
Mmmm this key lime pie yogurt is JUST like eating a key lime pie!
I love when you suffer a computer crash and have to start backing everything up and reloading another system.
She's a ray of fucking sunshine today. # s h e s being a bitch
Oh, are the GOP attempting to repeat Obamacare? That came out of nowhere didn't it?
Bless you imdb...I don't think there's a single male actor who doesn't have "is he gay?" thread on their page.Important topic,that.
And now for the amendments to the constitution. Yayyyyy  #L U U Physoc A G M
But but but, the oil data was at record level supplies. ..  $UWTI
Yeah I curl my hair, put on my jewelry, and makeup to go work out too. # get a life
I think we need another food delivery start up
Taking a new way home in the blowing snow storm. # bravery
Good news just surrounds me everyday
I love doing workouts in the cold and wind all by myself
A1: Get their emails, email them each and every day, don't take no for an answer. Kill or be killed. # s em rush chat
... So # helpful when it goes unnoticed, so # funny when it goes noticed, so # annoying when it hits the spot
Allergies are flaring up and it's shark week. Awesome!
#Jim Boeheim retiring...in 3 years. Yeah, that makes sense. # too much power
(  because I literally called her out for her Claire-related misogyny in her post about 10x10)
The burn on my face is making me look super attractive today :-)
