*i thought i needed to buy deodorant but I find another stick in my drawer* what is this black mirror lol
Courtney singing along to Low was the highlight of my night
# sat u r day screams hahahaha "let's get the hell out of here!"
I ain’t done witchu baby bring that ass back
Whenever I hear cardi speak Spanish I get so shook
I think that a washing basket that sends half-baked s to people you don't like would be pretty cool, but that's just my opinion.
Lying might be eSports some day.
I can give you a hand, if you need one.
VRISKA: Yes, the real me. The actual, legit, fully authentic alpha timeline Vriska. Dead. Gone. Fuckin' toast.
I’m bout to get on my own nerves
It’s not gone rain all year
He's starting to take over the house na
Just started Being Mary Jane. Love it so much already
kinda just letting fate do its thing at this point
2:12AM and I'm up eating crab Alfredo. Lol
susan love me ple as e!
sext: send me a playlist of all your favorite songs
Watching Megan Batoon's videos since morning. L I F E
Seeing a confirmed June sched is scary. That's mid year already. Plus, I'm annoyed kasi affected ako. HAHAHAHELPMEHAHAHA.
You know the truth, by the way it feels.
The agenda for tomorrow is gonna be text Shana, apply to more jobs, not eat, watch tv
90210 has been over for 5 years now :(
In earlier days there were discrimination between boys abd girls beteeen high caste and low caste etc. Nowadays the discrimination is on the basis of the people who watch "F.R.I.E.N.D.S" and "GOT"
Im going to watch 2ne1tv bcoz why not, i miss the queens
i like niggas that look like maxokream & fat trel
I ain't someone you can hurt anymore
all the shit i go thru just make me a better person fr
Hi my name is Lyra Dark'ness Dementia Raven Way and I have long light brown hair (that's how I got my name) tied in two pigtails and brown e
i guess I can't type either . Sleep*twitter make that edit button
When he is distracted, I take this opportunity to remind him that he is still mine. Without leaving marks, deleting messages. Life as a lover is so fun.
On our way to Alice, Texas... We saw a big black and red billboard that read: "WE DONT HIT OUR CHILDREN IN OUR RELIGION" with a Satanic religious group crest on the corner Yup
Imma just wait for updates and not make theories cuz my mind is blank #B T Soutcast D4
En una parte del interrogatorio (?) YoonGi dice: ~" Oh please. You can go on my profile and see that" Y la autora tiene a Taehyung de perfil
Am I going to die ALONE
Still can't believe I slept through the New Year celebration hahaha
this one person got me feeling some typa way atm
I am enjoying the chain all these tweets thing. Honestly this would have been better to have before we got more characters but we have both w/e
Dear Voltaic Venturers, John has discovered some stuff examining the influence of existentialism in ideas. Do scan for Tuesday.
•Cuando comienza la historia la descripción de Outcast es: ~"It's a game about a BOY" ~"So he starts creating his own" ~"Messes with people's memories and traumatizes them" #B T Soutcast D4
yeah my dad is gonna kill me bc of 1) how i packed 2) how much i packed 3) YIKES
Sudafed grogginess is severely impeding my will to draw something.
You can really tell if i like you or not.
Make urself a priority if ur not trynna be an option
Who's busy RTing porn ? .. youre about to catch this block!
2 more weeks till ungrounded, 8 more weeks til i get my license, 9 more weeks til spring break and 16 more weeks til summer
Cali keeps farting and it’s disgusting
I had too much tea earlier... I'm not sleepy.....
Where the fuck is the sink and why do people keep telling me to let it in
i seriously can't slip without my boyfriend its so bad. idk wtf i'm gonna do when he moves to Florida
identity capital isnt so accurate as the concept of the relative value of gravity i.e. you can dilute the meaning of a message if you say it more than once, because the internet's storage space isnt infinite and we're self conscious about redundancy
The first and second are probably still my favorite though
update on my watch: still haven’t found it and my brothers watch has gone missing too
Sat in my company’s IT dept as i glanced at that image .
Also, please don’t reply to this. I feel like there’s some people that will reply with certain things to say. Don’t. I’m not in the mood for it.
Never take your friends for granted. Whatever they mean to you, platonic or romantic, it doesn’t matter. You have someone that cares. Maybe you really don’t have a lot of friends, but even just one friend is a whole lot more than none.
Things I will stir fry in my wok, which lives at Dad's house: kale, kale, kale, bean sprouts, tofu, tofu, tofu, spinach, garlic, ginger, more.
Life is short (relatively). You shouldn’t ignore people because you think they’re gonna stay. You shouldn’t fight just to prove points or whatever reasons. I see it too much. It honestly makes me sick.
I want to be friend with someone, but I know I have to realize I can't.
Someone bring me kaas please, I got the B’s and E’s. (Bacon & Eggs)
HOUSE OF BALLOONS IS SUCH A BANGER. A BOP. A FUCKING CLASSIC. THIS IS NOT UP FOR DEBATE.
Bottom line is I don't like it when people call me smart when they don't have any basis.
Luv u sasha big fun:-):-) all e best in wrestlemania;-)
"Of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world, she walks into mine."___Rick Blaine **Humphrey Bogart** **Casablanca** 1942
Im so pissed I could cry
Nothing makes my blood boil more than when you're talking to a person & they completely ignore/disregard you but the very next moment start taking about their own shit like its the most important thing in the world
Sitting at da red light rolling this backwood up
Don’t rush the process. Good things take time.
Sun, January 7th 18. 2.11 pm Dear, G Please, i beg, at least lessen his pain. Sincerely, Writers.
My biggest goal this year is to fly to Tokyo
Bakit walang results? Shet. Twitter is creeping the heck outta meh
How young are you? How old am I? Let's count the rings around my eyes.
11:11 bitch i hope i hop e please
One Piece Group #DFAOPNIG11 CURRENT TIME CURRENT PLACE PLOT ON
Pied piper pt 2 is coming #B T Soutcast D4
Sonic '06? That's my favorite game!
yeah you scare me the nicest person i will wait
I'm in need of a change. Wether it be hair color or cut, or new mans, or a Hobby, or just a piercing. Idk need something new
When you forgive, you heal. And when you move on, you grow.
I had still above the world is when was getting out of her mother was much I couldn't do it.
A.C.E by Choice is so meaningful
A man who intended to have an objective view about the Trump Administration by writing honestly what he saw ended up making the biggest nail in the Trump Administration coffin. And that's without the truth about the Russia matter and what the FBI has found. /5
Now my throat wanna start hurting
No I’m just playing y’all I love carrying my baby even though I can never sleep and I have severe back pain. See you soon E
I hate scary movies and all the shebang that comes with it
I don’t depend on anyone because I’m sick of being disappointed ~if nobody got me ,I got me
My midterm exams are tomorrow and this is what’s on my mind #B T Soutcast D4 BTS warned us but we didn’t listen (i didn’t listen)
Ion care about an argument I’ll still be here tomorrow FOR you
Trying to make grocery shopping fun by typing out everything like I'm part of Migos and I think it's working: E G G S M I L K H E M O R R H O I D C R E A M
I want 2018 to be a rlly creative& productive year for me
A, B1, B3, B6, B12, C, D, E & FOLIC ACID
Wait wait wait wait wait, this lady go become and sit down right next to my stuff and gine start coughing without coming her mouth, bruh, u need to do better
The promises of years and lifetime and beyond that are reduced to few months. Happiness crushed mercilessly. Why why. I am shouting but u r not hearing and i don't want anyone else to even listen to me
females: are you’re boobs the same color as you body? need to prove a point rq
Lovinq Myself More Was The BEST Thing I Did In 2018
Throwing money in the airrrr like ion really care
i find it hard to have an ideology or any other coherent beliefs in a self destructive manner very similar to how people with high body counts have hard times developing serious relationships
▸c1384 Bible (Wycliffite, E.V.) (Royal) (1850) Apoc. xix. 9 Blessid thei, that ben clepid to the soper of weddingis of the lomb [1611 King James the marriage supper of the Lambe; L. cenam nuptiarum Agni].
where were you while weeeee were getting high
The only person that can make me change is myself, and I never really thought it would be that hard but it is.
Donald Trump lied when he claimed on FEB. 28 "The E.P.A.’s regulators were putting people out of jobs by the hundreds of thousands."
“Our life is very difficult, but there are millions of people with a more difficult life out there.”
95% of the time niggas DONT know what they getting inked or why. That's why they just be covered in clouds LMAOO
Murdoc logic: Finding out somebody is gay. Instantly starts flirting because he has a chance. W H A T A R E Y O U M U D Z?
In this game taehyung and seokjin are very mysterious.GAAASSSSHHHH # b t s o u t c a s t d 4
I real life jst realized I don't have anymore friends like before
Stir fry noodles is where it’s at
New study ranks healthy airline food options. (Hint: Bring your own.)
Ion kno who worst C baby or Hot
35-vereno a Bey, Rihanna e Minaj
can someone help me translating something?
I’m not something you put to the side while you’re with me and friends I get friends are important but if your gf/bf doesn’t feel good you should make them your number one priority
when i’m in diff gcs we talk abt diff things so i could be crying in this one gc and screaming in the other. it’s so funny
want whataburger, but don't feel like driving......
Me: understands the value of a healthy diet Also me: *shovels curry into my face at 2am*
Groove Coaster 4 will be designed by Shinobu Yagawa. Now you have to jack up rank and bomb notes for high scores
Remember that time I almost went to a private catholic college lmfaooo
Not bc of the familair faces, not bc I was asked to, that was the only cebuana dance challenge i'm proud to share of . It's so pretty , sexy
I do me, no, I do three, At a T-I-M-E
You will always be mine until my dying breath, Possessing my soul, you're my obsession
Things I will make in my dad's oven: Prime rib, chocolate cake, Nestle TollHouse chocolate chip cookies, cranberry bread (cranberries still available or did Dad freeze some for me?), more.
I wonder how is it to date a white boy ....
im big B O R E D
Kyrie 3 (celtics) F o r m e n 42/43/44/45/46 reseller:1800
I feel bad for women who don’t have a good relationship with their mom.
false alarm its only working on one phone
I can’t wait to have a person who wants to be by my side thru it all
What is the reason behind hiding IKs marriage?. Thanks to Media IK is in news since 24 hours on a topic which is totally irrelevant to both I.e. Pakistan and IK
Don't worry big boat; we got this.
Gotta think of something to do for baby's birthday
What are you even talking about
I really be wanting to spaz on people so bad. But I'm tryna watch my temper
This Saturday night was so chimmy
The one who gets up is so much stronger than the one who never fell.
she jokes that she won’t bite. but they don’t laugh.
“If there were no E.L.F., Super Junior wouldn’t exist.” — Heechul
Sometimes I hate being a Taurus because we can be so sensitive at times
"Let's go out" "I have a cold" "some beer will clear that right up" ok I remember why I come home to friends now
Another fucking weekend I spend home.
I can check my App 2am from the toilet..i have friends abroad.. My lastseen e tla go jesa error
Tryin' to decide how much effort I should put into the next N e w P e p s i 9 5 aesthetic release
I’m so sleepy i can’t wait to get home
Spend the so they want to address that I didn't get around to mentioning in my last review
I can't stand when this mf talk about l stuff that go wrong in a relationship likeee siiirrr
it is currently feared as the "Tower of Terror" and is in danger of being demolished.
“The conscious feeling of having a personal identity is based on two simultaneous observations: the immediate perception of one’s selfsameness and continuity in time; and the simultaneous perception of the fact that others recognize one’s sameness and continuity.” - Erik Erikson
/ anybody going to warped 18 in west palm beach fl? or am i the only e*o here
Why lex talking to my cousins
" Be with a guy who ruins you Lipstick, Not your Mascara "
I be fucking up the whole box of coffee cakes
Girl you've been hitting that treadmill like a freak Maybe you're not quite the torso of the week
I’m not used to being loved. I wouldn’t know what to do
tbh it’s never deep... r e l a x
I vividly remember my GP telling me, at 15, never to tell anyone I had M.E because of the stigma - she would put it down on my records as post viral fatigue syndrome instead, because “at least then it sounds like you can recover.”
haven’t ate in going on 3 days..
Why ppl wait til you sit down to ask for shit ?
Fetus On Fire is actually a pretty cool band name, it'd also trigger rightists.
I’m supposed to be doing hood rat things with my friends in Orlando rn
When you leave your phone unattended for 30 mins and come back to find not even a single message or notif from anything
I'm the blackest white guy you'll know
When you got good friends who teach ya how to improvise with apples.
First Unitarian Church of South Bend #1UUSB welcomes everyone--all abilities, ages, gender identities, races, sexualities 801 E. Washington
My momma swear to god I’m fucking bitches talking about better not be no funny business mannnnn
amo toda a discografia da taylor menos this love e you are in love
today i'm going to start sleeping at 8pm i need 10 hours of sleep
SOMEONE STOP ME FROM MAKING MISTAKES
“I needa know if you’re dowwn.. Cuz if not there’s always more around..”
Anyway I'll praise the Lortt where I am
On our first date, Sam & I were going to Runyon canyon and as we were looking for parking, he pulls into a PRIVATE parking garage thinking it's public parking then the gate locked us in LOL # never forget #07.15
That’s the 2nd time in 2 days that I almost killed myself! HAHAHAHA
“there are people who dislike you because you do not dislike yourself.” -chimamanda ngozi adichie
“Friends” Who don’t support you are jealous..
Get all your affairs in order
Keep woles and always happy ,
Worked from 1500 to 2145 today. It’s a start to an interesting season
yo i feel so sick :(
I love kids i can’t wait to have my own.
Smells grilled meat. S C R E A M S
Lets Follow! Mention for Follback guys [BOT]
GOD FUCKING DAMNIT WHY THE FUCK DID CARSON WENTZ HAVE TO GET INJURED. ALL I WANT IS JUST 1 FUCKING SUPER BOWL BUT I GUESS THAT'S TOO MUCH TO ASK FOR.
this turned out pretty poorly but its still mine and i will not disavow it just like the rest of my creations
I just took five shots in 20 minutes blessed and excitedfor what happens next and also the drag to text feature
ponch played baby e i love ruston
fw niggas I know, won’t make you feel better!
How am I supposed to make other individuals happy, when I can't even make myself happy?
ain't got the cash and luxury isn't for you.
Didn’t sleep at all I am so tired
The next female artist who compares herself to Selena is gonna get blown tf up.
FUck you will know who I'm feeling when.
Just reminded myself that I need to go buy an elote lol
ok self go read more higu now...
“are you a rockstar or something?”
#Now Playing E. Dewey Smith, Jr. & The House of Hope Atlanta - I Need Your Oil on #Powerofworship.net
Tonight... I've had sensitive things to think about... Decisions that could affect me on the long run... After a long steamy shower, I think I know what path to steer into... I think...
One of the greatest thing the church can do right now, is be a voice for those who cannot be heard.
When you’re running at 120 then a strong gust hits you like shit, then your car starts to wable for a sec. Now that was fuckin scary
James Reid as it finest at ASAP
We can surely have a conversation through social media but not in person.....wow. Seriously man, I really wished I was born in the 80's. Better music and more socializing.
My heart Is shattered right now
i need more aus help suggest mEee
my neighbors are being super loud, so much for me actually sleeping for once
CHRISTI E TOUCHED MY HAND O CAN DOE
The best THE VAMPS DNCE THE TIDE NEW HOPE CLUB SHAWN MENDES BEFORE YOU EXIT 5Sos
Jesus Christ can't save me tonight, put on your dress, yes wear something nice. Decide on me, yea decide on us
I love it when my man sends me pictures of himself in his uniform or any pictures in general
Ppl finna hate the new me !!
I was training to be an electrician. I suppose I got wired the wrong way round somewhere along the line.
Eish going to my church is such a struggle
Locksmith Ft. Marc E Bassy/American Beauty
The new Turtles show is probably going to suck really bad from the voices alone. They sound like the characters lol
I'm pretty sure my dad is gonna sell our dog if he doesnt stop barking non-stop at 2am
Driving and singing our lungs out
OOH Wait Til We Get To School, I Cant Wait Bruh !
I Still Got The Juice Didn't Stop Wit You
STANSMITH F O R C O U P L E 36/37/38/39/40 40/41/42/43/44 RESELLER: 3K
Being a business partner is tough, but worth it
What the, this man saw me from a distance and looked me in my face and look off.........excuse u , if I Florence Elizabeth Fields have to walk up to u to ask a question before u come to ur station my cranky side is gonna display
I keep everything on the dl because you can’t trust anybody nowadays
40- Elizabeth Bennet e Mark Darcy
Adding Mambo No. 5 to my work playlist was the best decision ever! Never fails to put me in a good mood # Dancing # music # y a a s s s
Watching F.R.I.E.N.D.S. never gets old. It is one of my favorite show.
a sis got her nose pierced
I can read ya text while um bussy...thats why ke sa responder Blue tick e tla go jesa error.
wouldn’t be me if i didn’t arrive to the airport late as ever and lit asffff ¯_(ツ)_/¯
Boy , i know i lack affection when expressing my feelings //why am i so numb ?
I only sleep like 4 hours max a night
mayo don't go together with bowl saimin
This? No, no... No, it's a topographic map! Yes. For strategy. We need to plot out our strategy, don't we?
Yo homies! I have a new account again.
I miss being in bed with my puppy and my boyfriend
It's okay to cry. Cry is a natural response to pain
you gotta train yo mind to be stronger than your feelings or you gonna loose yoself.
I don't wanna get my hopes up but # t e sl a gang
The example in that thread is street harassment but doesn’t matter the type. They will literally gaslight and act like e.g. being 12 experiencing first incident of harassment is same as being 38 and on year 26 of dealing with it. Ignoring *cumulative trauma* over time.
SickRage: Download Finished: Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D - 5x06 - Fun & Games - 720p WEB-DL
Focus, Avenue, Every kind of way, Still Down...Focus and i should be knocked H.E.R
Saitama vs Geno's fight in 60fps in a beautiful thing on this Pixel screen
I want you to be my last, vice versa
This is how it's supposed to feel i'm inlove with how this feels.
We hit the sky only when our knees hit the ground. That's what humility is all about .
Maybe i'll just dream of you
Why can't you be happy for someone's happiness?
Donnie Darko just split my brain open and took my last brain cells I'm-
Darlin' darlin' darlin' I can't wait to see you Your picture ain't enough I can't wait to touch you in the flesh
Fucking e girls I want my Hawaiian rolls and roast right now
I will no longer bare the pain. Years of being disrespected are over. All these big moves are gonna make some strong waves. Bet! No more shit, just gonna clean up. # salty moves
"makes me look" whatskdjsjs i don't know what i'm typing
Been loving no make up days the past few months... Longest period ive not put on concealers or foundations on my face for e last 2 years... except for special days like weddings / stage days. #My Skin Feels Good #I Feel Good Too Heehee #No Make Up Days F T W
People change just like the seasons
He just playing his gameHe just playing his gameHe just playing his game.
Only a fool does not change his mind - E. del Rosario
i love jack white I Love Jack White I LOVE JACK WHITE I L O V E J A C K W H I T E
man fuck this it’s relapse szn
please help me i have an awful fanbase
night time is the only time I come alive to tweet or get mildlly worked up about things that don't matter. because I have no time during the day to do that I'm too busy sleeping
EoE RT: JerkyPro: cr1swell CallofDuty Very true.
I can't decide who to pick ughhhhh! # b t s o u t c a s t d 4
Went to my first Lucha Libre match. Game changer. For the culture.
Would you come back someday, just did not have to be now.
your'e going to love me again just like before but sometimes in my lonely hours there's one question that bothers me
“And because E.L.F. are exist, Super Junior is eternal.” — Heechul
Salvem me estou a ver top 10 evil couples in history
I am the best 2hu character
20GAYTEEN YEAR OF LOVINF UR FRIENDS IS STARTING OFF SO STRONG I CANNOT B R E A T H E AND ITS NOT THE ASTHMA LADS
“I just called to hear yo voice” BITCH at 2am? KILL YOURSELF
Do you favor a celebrity ? Or has anyone told you that you look like a celebrity?
“At some point in our childhood, we went out with our friends and played for the last time without knowing it.”
#Now Playing Calling My Name - Hezekiah Walker on # e g i m radio
I’m realizing that it’s okay for me to not be happy all the time, and that I don’t have to fake a smile if I don’t feel like smiling.
the older you get, the more you learn that you need to act a certain way, not because you're being fake, but to avoid conflicts and not deal with stupid people. you have to make your life easier and that's the end of that.
how can someone sit there and lie straight to your face???
Wowwwww the bitch I Ubered w Libes on my son block WOW
I wish meranda was cuddling me instead of Kaden tonight
Man y’all gotta start specifying what kinda cruise you talking about Lmao
If I weren't undressed and he wasn't hiding, this would be such a cute scene. But that's not the case, so...
The liver-colored is a expressly spongelike, icy tool, recumbent to shifty both deathly tumors and essence-protective parentage receptacle close to inches betwixt the allotment they’re disclosed on a CT study and when the acquiescent is prevarication on an or e...
"the only person standing in your way is you"
thank gof my wifi is workin again
My nice friend bought Pringles "to share" and has now gone to have a nap. Amateur.
When Killua was in trouble, I wasn't there for him..
idk how to tweet funny stuff anymore someone pls teach me
I been wanting/needing a back massage for the longest.
This little guy can always make me happy no matter what.
I can never wake up early
don t toU CH M E
Deep conversations with him are the best.
Cabei de acabar the end of the fucking world e quero mais temporadaaaaas
“And these lines right hea ain’t no piiick up These right hea gon really really make you fuk..”
...but what do I know, I’ve only been in love with the same man for 3 years
Because people become fascinated with pictures and words. And wind up forgetting the language of the world. - Eli A Free
I thought you was solid but in reality you soft as f
All 2018 I’m not giving up.. I’m going to keep grinding
"You have to endure caterpillars if you want to see butterflies"
New A&E Show ‘Fit to Fat to Fit’ Makes Trainers Gain Weight — But What Does it Prove?
#On Air: P.E.O - Be My Woman (Original Mix)
Donald Trump's SPECIAL stats: S: 2 P: 2 E: 2 C: 4 I: 3 A: 1 L: 10
I haven’t talked to *** all day I miss her but you didn’t hear this from me!
Here’s to bringing back the era of Rich Gannon-ness. # R a i d e r s
Yo I’m really up like I don’t work 14 hours straight tomorrow
#B T Soutcast D4 "Someone's following us" Could that be us following every single move they do along with Yoongi's decisions..
11 hrs of work today need that mulaaa
It means i lyk pt.4 more than other part kkk
#My Weird Dream Is complete chaos, people running around... explosions, gun fire. As the smoke clears, I’m turning in coupons at the Chucky E. Cheese prize booth- Then only getting a pencil and some old candy.
I just hate the whole fucking concept of a family that goes to an orphanage and instead of picking out a child in need, they pick a fucking mouse. A m o u s e... a fucking mouse
Pretty cool all the SoundCloud likes I got were all flames
OMG Phoenix is E Z with Warchief Totems. You never really need to get into range for his Fire AOE Nuke resists attack. FIRST TRY
When this started to trend it was 8AM in Korea now its 4PM like ARMY is so powerful and not all of us are on twitter either also to add it was a playoff game today and they didn't even hit number one on worldwide trending #B T Soutcast D4
Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint.
I told her ass I liked the coconut milk n she said the baby liked almond so now why would u buy coconut n tell me not to drink it u played urself sis
not dealing w any bullshit all 2018
After these court dates I might reconsider going to college
I don't know anything about music. In my line you don't have to.
“There are so many fragile things, after all. People break so easily, and so do dreams and hearts.”
first of all, we aren’t mutuals so i don’t know what you expect me to say.
When will Yoruba movies stop promoting fetish powers? You go carry person go see pastor, e no fit do am na Babalawo go help am. Smh
It's been a while Since everyday and everything has Felt this right
I really need to wake up at 6 and start laundry. Hair dresser open tomorrow? Need a sew in ASAP... This level of procrastination
Got some shit up my sleeves
Also see 557 ALL THE TIME
I hit a one handed 3 at the 24 today lmaooo
Cause if we don't leave this town, we might never make it out. I was not born to drown, baby come on
Blue: "So how about a battle? Which one of us will you choose, Red or Blue?" Me: *has war flashbacks to when Red kicked my ass 5 times back in soul silver then immediately picks Blue*
Don't so anything that you wouldn't want me to do.
with no makeup she a ten
Happiest Birthday my one and only daddyyow
it’s really funny looking back at all the shit i would deal with
It's M U R D E R N O N S T O P
our self love gets vocalized in private, or in our heads
have a special love for San Antonio... but i’ve been thinking it’s not where i should go back
Damn it's 15 deGrees but feel like -1. Dis shit crazy as fuck
Serial killer documentaries with bae kinda night
I’m drunk and singing if you don’t like it fuck off haha
I’m a wolf and i Stan legends
U said u can’t live without me, so why aren’t u dead yet? Why u still breathing?
Phil and Derek’s in the morning
Sometimes the smallest step in the right direction ends up being the biggest step in your life.
i hope timmy, niall, froy, thomas, mikey & blake are doing well xxx
Of PROJECTIONS and SUBMISSIONS for the 2018th year, Let your projections be by Faith and your submissions of the Holy Spirit.
*is alone for 2 days* Wow i haven’t felt anxiety like this for about a week, i W O ND E R WHAT THE DIFFERENCE JS
Revealing: Goldstein &amp; A.e., P.C., whose attorneys endeavor championing or furnish to this diary in indefinite volume, delineate the English Partnership of Code Secondary as an amicus therein showcase. Acumen: Vacated and remanded, 7-one, in an estimation next...
Nigga just ain’t gangsta no more so you telling me you want to fight another man because he piped ya chick before you ? . Stop it
This white guy really had the NERVE to ask my cousin out of all the people in line if she knew a good place to import weave from...she's never worn a weave in her life
Think for YOURSELF ! & while doing that, be OPEN MINDED !
It doesn’t cost a thing to be a good person !
i don't know how to do it, making love out of nothing at all
The next 22 days will be life changing for me. #Becoming Greater
my sis is a Northridge councilor and we already planning my life for the next four years in that school, all I can think about is how great college will be. Like idk about you all but I’m readyyyyy for that next step.
So I’m in one of my little moods tonight
After tonight Im hanging It up
u can never truly find what u deserve bc u r always desperate, btch.
but like lowkey tho, in person we both rlly humble
Wind 2.8 km/h E. Barometer 1010.4 hPa, Falling. Temperature 29.8 °C. Rain today 1.2 mm. Humidity 65%
who tf pours juice into their cereal!!
Happy Birthday my baby I love you so much #LLDJ
Me; Im not going out Me : ends up going out
7h Renfrew W/Station: Temp. -5.3 °C, Hum. 77 %, Bar. 1018.9 mbar, Rain 0 mm, Wind 0 mph E # Weather cloud
Sleep jusr isn't sleep anymore...its an E S C A P E !
Me and Myesha fucked up and we bout to leave out to go to my friend house
Siempre que le mando dms a Lauren espero con muchas ansias que me conteste, but everyone here knows that, that won't happen.
“The truth is that nobody is owed an apology for anything. Apologies are lovely when they happen. But they change nothing. They do not reverse actions or correct damage. They are merely nice to hear.”
Anglican Religious voluntarily commit themselves for life, to holding their possessions in common or in trust; to a celibate life in community; and obedience to their Rule and Constitution. (Title III, Canon 24, section 1)
Don't ever give up. You gotta keep trying, and never give up. Ryan Sheckler
but i don't know how to leave you and i'll never let you fall
I Been Sleep On Myself For Tooo Lonqq
Genuine question here; where do African-Americans pull those rare names they give their kids e.g. Trayvon, Lakisha, Tamila, Tyrese, Beyonce, Draymond? Is there a book?
Im gonna go H O M E next week and eat 38 orders of lemon potatoes from kentro and then lay in the street and wait for some old person or college student to run over me CAN NOT WAIT
“What’s yo fantasy?.. Say sumthn you ain’t neva diiid.. Like fuck and suck a real niiigga..”
What I've appreciate the most this year is my dry ass phone. It's like damn finally I can do what I want in peace.
It's so hot my parents are even sleeping in separate bedrooms :""") yhu bloem weather e tlile ka masepa
Waiting on this help desk man like bruh....where are u, do ur job.
i don’t want to repeat the past
- - life is so amazing . I love my family, i love my friends and i love love. The universe has been so good to me. Omg I’m such a blessed woman. It’s crazy.
Grab my keys to the maro now I’m swerving
Gotta S T O P Carin About Anybody Bein Comfortable But M E
Arizona State wins its first D-I college hockey trophy: Ice Vegas Invitational. Huge weekend from D Brinson Pasichnuk (3G, 5P), who will get looks as a UFA.
23h Chelan Highlands: Temp. 34.2 °F, Hum. 91 %, Bar. 30.27 inHg, Rain 0.09 in, Wind 2 mph E # Weather cloud
imo maybe after you try something for a while you just get a specific sense for it ... get tired of it... w/e
Had this same headache for 4 hours now
IM LITERSLT SCREAMING LOOK AT HIS THIFHTS WHAY THRICK
Just got the nastiest free drink of my life , Im so sAddddd
"and i fell for you like a raindrops "
Lake kingdom is so beautiful. # s m o #Super Mario Odyssey
I feel like my life is on pause.
Don't know if its me or what
still amazed that people don’t eat chili with rice
i know all the rules and i know how to break 'em and i always know the name of the game
either I’m crazy asf or smart asf no in between
feel like I accidentally shot my shot? wtf I need sleep
But I'm fascinated by what Wolff doesn't discuss or focus on: Russia, Trump's policies and attitudes aimed at certain nationalities and races, Trump's sexism, Trump's racism, why exactly Trump bothered listening to Bannon for so long, etc. /3
I hate seeing people smoke weed around children.
#Chris Grayling is going to he promoted in the # cabinet re shuffle ? For what exactly?
wow i like this new android update
Team e's mc 1 is forcing the audience give them new year blessings...
I'm so thankful for every person God has brought into my life. I believe with all my heart that everything that has happened to me during my life time has led me to where I am today, and I'm so happy.
im gonna go watch a.c.e and onfs choreos of fine china now good night twt
Woollim you better not think of uploading the mv on vapp first
I beat Vince in basketball at Dave & busters twice in a row tonight and the look on his face was p r i c e l e s s
Niggas are so weird.. I CLEARLY look like I am NOT interested in men. Bye...
Up if u need that juheard
Despite being a structure of brilliant artistic and structural value,
Its 4 am. I was going to go to bed e a r l y
Who would’ve thought that when we fucced it was the last time
sometimes i ran sometimes i hide sometimes im scared of u but all i really want is to hold u tight treat u right be with u day and night baby all i need is time
These kids born in the 90’s think somebody owe them something and they ain’t gotta work for it
Can't wait to be in my own shit. Starting my lil family and what not.
& that really fcking sucks bc i’m pretty sure it’s not mutual
The boys i once trusted are now the ones i fear now.
if you cant bump to akon, sean kingston, or t pain we cant be friends
(Wave) SWELL: 6.6 ft at 9.1 s E / WIND WAVE: 8.5 ft at 6.2 s E / WVHT: 10.8 ft / APD: 6.7 s / MWD: 88° / 8:40p HST
y’all.... i just wanna get r e a l l y fucking high...
Who wants to help with this future bass track for the lp
Boys/Men listen up! - A strong woman will automatically stop trying if she feels unwanted. She won't fix it or beg, she'll just walk away! So learn to man up if you want a strong woman! #Honest Hour
Alot of niGGaz Gay dey just out hea in da way
I LOVEE How He Make Feel Fr
it just crashed my neighbors party
(Wave) SWELL: 5.3 ft at 6.7 s E / WIND WAVE: 2.3 ft at 4.5 s E / WVHT: 5.6 ft / APD: 6.2 s / MWD: 85° / 2:40a AST
and i know the roads to riches and i know the ways to fame
Fck that bestfriend shit iont trust shit
(Wave) SWELL: 2.0 ft at 8.3 s E / WIND WAVE: 4.9 ft at 6.2 s NE / WVHT: 5.3 ft / APD: 4.9 s / MWD: 43° / 1:40a EST
(Wave) SWELL: 0.0 ft at / WIND WAVE: 6.9 ft at 7.7 s E / WVHT: 6.9 ft / APD: 5.3 s / MWD: 87° / 12:40a CST
(Wave) SWELL: 6.9 ft at 10.0 s E / WIND WAVE: 7.2 ft at 8.3 s E / WVHT: 9.8 ft / APD: 6.8 s / MWD: 94° / 2:40a AST
(Wave) SWELL: 8.9 ft at 10.0 s E / WIND WAVE: 5.6 ft at 7.7 s ESE / WVHT: 10.5 ft / APD: 7.7 s / MWD: 84° / 2:40a AST
(Wave) SWELL: 7.9 ft at 10.0 s E / WIND WAVE: 7.6 ft at 5.9 s ENE / WVHT: 10.8 ft / APD: 7.0 s / MWD: 79° / 3:40a WGT
god i wanna sm**e and listen to High By The Beach; feeling myself sink into my bed like it’s sand
Hurricane irma and hurricane harvey needed to happen for the thunderous “S L A V E”.
all they do is profit off of black culture and cause drama within their own family for show views that they can't even get, what is the appeal??
Someone update me on the palms
Peace = (P)ositive (E)nergy (A)lways (C)orrects (E)rror
Jelly Ace my Best Cousin!! # Self i e 2017 #First Subday!!
To make a long story short, I love Yugyeom with my whole heart.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new drea
E is any more than anyone that you adore can looOOOOooooooOOoove
and i'm never gonna tell you everything i gotta tell but i know i gotta give it a try
idk what i did to my shoulder but it’s in so much pain
You just stand there smiling. Lissa is on the case!
Now coutinho is going Barca I can now admit he is quality player
“Eat better. Run more. Squat more. Sleep earlier. Wake up earlier. Make a good breakfast. Drink water. Eat fruits. Read books. Adventure. Talk less. Listen more. Feel deeper. Love better. Open your eyes. Experience life. Be happy.”
Either your blending skills are bad or it’s a skin bleaching job that went left
Just saw a portable power washer and display come out as one piece greatly reduces the largest complaint about serviced...
It’s that time of year where the sidewalks have dead Christmas trees every 15 ft
na tell me who you gon call when you tryna get some cat kuss ya potna shole not gon let chu hit him frm da back
it was 110 degrees today. what the fuck
once you hit that explore page on IG and spend more than 5 minutes scrolling it becomes a slippery slope...
People could never dispoint me cause I always prepare for the worst
What fourth language should I learn? Or something else except French since I already speak it
When writing a novel a writer should create living people; people, not characters. A character is a caricature. - E. # Hemingway
How u gone ask me to stay with me then come up with some rules
if you don’t mess up your hair while rocking to a bop, is it even a bop?
Public service announcement i been single for years iont know where y’all hear these rumors from
one of my fav mutuals atm. i don’t really know that much about you bc we don’t talk often. but you have really good music taste. your tweets make me laugh out loud bc how sarcastic they are. im glad i followed youu
chrom made me realize... how amazing his physique is...
I enjoy annoying people, it brings a certain kind of satisfaction to my life
Avg Wind:16kts, Gust:30kts, Wind Dir:95 °(E), Gust Dir:171 °(S), Water Temp:8.2 °C at 07/01/2018 07:00:00
how many viewers was ricegum averaging?
Avg Wind:17kts, Gust:21kts, Wave Height:0.8m, Wind Dir:83 °(E), Gust Dir:81 °(E), Water Temp:9.4 °C at 07/01/2018 07:00:00
Avg Wind:26kts, Gust:30kts, Wind Dir:87 °(E), Gust Dir:92 °(E) at 07/01/2018 07:02:00
Water Temp:7.5 °C, Avg Wind:14kts, Wave Height:1m, Wave Period:4s, Gust Dir:89 °(E), Gust:21kts, Wind Dir:93 °(E) at 07/01/2018 07:02:00
I just typed a tweet going off but you know what y’all don’t deserve that much energy from me
If anybody can have it, I don't want it.
Don’t You Hate When Ppl Try To Start An Argument Out The Blue
Am I the only person that prefers chunky monkey over any other flavors
First time hearing SASCO president addressing and its on radio, haybo andi wrongo maarn .
and i know the night is fading and i know the times gonna cry
# sat u r day screams "it's the one in the car we want" how do they know what a car is?
Need 2 for walk on, any position Idc, just comment and I’ll invite you
just did an nclex question drunk that means I pass right lol
My aura didn't change really but I see some people with rainbows of colors in their aura & wonder why mine isn't as colorful.
Going straight to church when I punch out...
do re mi fa so fucking done with u boiiii
jaebum ****** **** IT WOULD BE SHOCKING ITS THJS IS FALSE
there’s still no one else i’d rather spend my life w..
“A person’s primitive belief thus lie at the very core of his total systems of beliefs, and they represent the subsystem in which he has the heaviest emotional commitment.” - Milton Rokeach Ph.D.
My ass has to be to work at 3 this afternoon and I know my ass might just oversleep again
i can't stand any of the kardashians/jenners and i really don't see why anyone finds them mildly interesting besides the fact that they flaunt their money??
never make a wife out of a hoe in the fieldddd
I will be the one to set your heart free true (Unknown From M.E., Sonic Adventure)
-rams weren’t ready for the moment but they’ll be back next season.
It is hard for me to be normal when a girl touches my nipple , vibration go begin like sagem
If you haft to go threw your niggas phone , do pop ups and play investigator sis leave him you already took your L
H. O. P. E Hold on, Pain ends.
where is the l o v e ?
hope u waited at the end
and i know just where to touch you and i know just what to prove, i know when to pull you closer and i know when to let you loose
I’m having a good night and pandora keeps trying to put me in a mood wtf is this shit. Who do you think I am
I availed the 6-month Netflix gift from Globe. Also put a reminder on my phone days after 6 months to renew or cancel my subscription. #Howtogetawaywithautosubscription
Talked to ma dukes today man i miss her
I’m trying to process the 70F+ difference between where I was this morning and where I am now. It’s not going well at all
Tell me your intentions so I don’t waste my time.
yuchan loves his hyungs so much im so fukcing soft i love a.c.e they make me so happyofjf
We talked about getting our lives together before we went off to school, making sure we stayed right with God, school, and sports. I don’t know where you’ve drifted off to, but I hope you find your way before we leave...
My hamster just died 1 like equals 1 prayer for my hamster. I'm crying so hard
ano ba passing average sa tup?
I still feel like some nasty shit was done before I just got called
Want me to Review a Video Game or T.V Show Use #Darius Reviews and Request
I'm very selfish this year and I'm not trusting none of y'all
I'm sorry ignore me I'm not all h e r e
can't believe i've just been voted australian alt-poetry twitter's 12th most iconic dadaist transsexual literary figure
Warrior by Demi Lovato is such a powerful song.
CAN PEOPLE LEARN HOW TO RESPECT? R E S P E C T
Even though Tomorrow is not Promised Just know there’s a God.
I feel like I’m generally a good person
[need to rest! >< Ok peeps, see ya later~ ]
"Let 'em wonder how we got this far, 'Cause I don't really need to wonder at all Yeah, after all this time I'm still into you"
'Religious' try to imitate Jesus Christ by taking vows of poverty, chastity, and obedience. They may additionally profess to obey certain guidelines for living. The structure and function of religious orders in Anglicanism roughly parallels that which exists in Roman Catholicism
I gave you top a the line i know you miss it baby
i need to know! ps. i haven't smoked weed or cigarettes. today i vape for the first time... what the fuck i am doing with my life....
Got to keep you off my mind ohh ohh~
this is a sign what’s it mean
Should Wonpil reply to the texts?
I Got blood in my eyes like sum contacts
Dw i'll still be jerking off to rooney when i'm on my death bed but i'm upset her family owns mad football teams....R e p u b l I c * n
Finding comfort in my own company
I just don't know why I would even leave a msg e pwede ko namang inun-install directly. Hays, whyayayayays?
someone pls help ya girl out
wish I was home getting turnt with my cousin :(
Whoever doing y’all makeup need both hands cut off.
the first lord of the rings movie is on tonight. complete with ads it's over three hours long. let's see if I can FINALLY make my way through what is (arguably) one of nz's greatest exports
Why the fuck can’t I sleep at night? Smh
you can put the blame on me, one me
My whole 2018 so far has been abt getting this money
going to get a box of the new frosted flakes & lucky charms, then gonna climb into bed and binge watch arrested development
Someone buy me canes for the one time
wish I was a bad bitch
Thanks Oyekunle Damola for the follow! It's one day closer to Christmas!
i know just how to fake it and i know just how to scheme, i know just when to face the truth and then i know just when to dream
My coworker always whistles when he's walking down the hallway towards my post, and something about it creeps me tf out. Like, it's 2am, this is a jail, and I can't see you coming, I can just hear you. Please stop.
M-DAWG IN THE HOUSE CAN'T KILL A TRUE THUG
My coworkers are the only people that love me
I’m wholeheartedly doing me and loving how it feels
0 tolerance for half ass people
#B T Soutcast D4 GUYS! WHAT IF THE CREATOR AND THE PERSON CONTROLLING THE GAME ARE DIFFERENT?! WE WERE ONLY ASKED WHO WE THINK THE C R E A T O R IS! Okay fuck that that's me failing to be a conspiracy theorist.
To help you on your way, I'd like to grant you a small piece of my connection to Mercury. (Alinivar discovered the power of PSI Lifeup Ω!)
Just put down the Xmas tree sad times
A person who’s trying to be close to you is different from someone feeling close to you!
Umma speak on how I feel IdGaf who don't like it
My day was fun and interesting.
I fucking suck cunt Jesus Christ man Fuck
wanna know what’s crazy ? i go thru shit & no matter wha my life will always be great
We are all differing electrical frequencies according to our own mental expression ("as we think..") I feel, & affinity will not be with all
12. failing on a test you studied so hard for.
Vermont is the most compelling character I've heard of in ages.
Looking for an org? Infant is recruiting We are looking for *Streamers *GFX Artists *Managers *CoD Players (comp, snipers, pubs) *YouTubers *CS:GO team *PUBG team *Fortnite team and even more, whatever you do DM us :)
yo a fucking rabbit just hopped up to my window?
Eatn a pop tart wondering what she’s doin
Prof wants me to present on a building that has made me feel things. Idk what to choose...
im trembling in fear i dont do this "shooting your shot" shit moe. AAHAHHH.
I do what the fuck I want to ... fuck Your feelings
#My Weird Dream Is to sleep well enough to have a dream . I never reach R.E.M sleep . So I never seem to dream . So I dream of having a dream . But that’s a Day dream
I’m having a fucking anxiety attack
ill fight anyone who dares come at jimin tbh
How did i ended up watching the entire ep of blackpink house?! I merely clicked on one video, and it leads to another, and another
It Can’t Be 1 Ina Morning Already.... Time Flew By Today
Louis Tomlinson hairstyles are e v e r y t h i n g Directioners One Direction
It doesn't matter who wins here. Our fight will continue.
2am and Im on A Mission
IM SO MAD I CANT BELIEVE ZORRO CALLS MIKE WAZOWSKI DADDY BUT NOT M E
That boy a lick come get younging
Woken up feeling so so ill
Honestly rn all I need in my life is family, my girlfriend , and basketball
Today I performed a transaction in front of my manager for the 1st time. And chile’ I was nervous AF! later on he gave me some positive feedback! He also told me that the customer I asisted was his cousin, Toronto Raptors Assistant coach Nick Nurse
If your happy, stay happy. Don't let a little rain ruin your sunshine
Welcome To My T W I T T E R
i’ve decided to stop being a hater in 2018, if something brings someone joy and is not harmful to me i will no longer verbally crap on it. i.e. the greatest showman
Who ever Popie is yo Jawn ona T train mad cause you fucked Tutu and Mani
Lol jk. I’m just going to bed hungry again
I ain't mad um just a lil upset
The sea level is low, I've fallen for you
If you aint got no ass or titties you cant let yourself go.
Day 7, still no ganja. It’s getting easier tbh.
Bartender in stripclubs spend more time on snapchat then making me my drank
11. feeling alone in a room full of people.
Ik I should get water but it taste so bland, juice is way more appealing
If the Phantom Thieves where actually real, they’d have stolen Logan Paul’s heart when he was japan and made this world a better place.
I see some people carrying wards of $100 bills in their wallet. What if it gets stolen what will you say
add me to a froy gc asap
Soccer or cheer.. still don't know which to tryout for
Oh, & yes, I meant to type "peek", not "peak", of course. Sigh. Anyway, he has an extra "e" & is not on the #ISS at the moment, so …
whens the day my dumbass brain finally understands how to code
“From Now On” from Greatest Showman just strikes the chord within me. Seriously a jam. Gives me the feels.
So many cars I wana drive but naija roads ehn
Wind 0,2 km/h E. Barometer 992,7 hPa, Aumentando lentamente. Temperature 3,4 °C. Rain today 0,3 mm. Humidity 92%
Back to work tomorrow. And from the emails I’ve been getting. I got a lot of shit to fix!
Here's an open question: What films "own" a certain music cue? What song can't be separated from the film in which it's featured? E.g. "Stuck in the Middle with You" for RESERVOIR DOGS.
Ain’t no one on what’s going on
Woah I’ve been running around town & working for 18 hours today y i k e s
Im dead not tired like wtf Lmfaooooooo
I’m listening to Bruno Mars .... somebody stop me
HEYO. GUESS WHAT SOMETHING NEW IN MY LIFE.
Working in a hospital lab as a medical laboratory scientist has ruined me of any enjoyment I used to get from watching medical dramas (e.g. ER, Grey's Anatomy, House, The Good Doctor.)
If we don't belong because we're different, then no one ever belonged. We will always be different from one another. At least, that's what i believe so.
I might not text you first, but that doesn't mean im not dying to talk to you.
Should have stayed in the Agg this weekend
I'm p i s s e d af.
I can’t wait to watch a whole damn mess tomorrow and that is Red Velvet
smh I keep forgetting the time differnce
My first cosplay was fun but remember kids to never bind for that fucking long bc my chest is w r e c k e d
10. being ignored by people you care about.
guys thinks girls are too picky about guys, shit, guys are wayyy pickier then we are. We just want attention & food. Guys want a fat ass, small waist, big boobs, pretty eyes, etc. this isn’t build a bitch, WE ARENT PERFECT.
my cuddie the ONLY nigga ik thats that nigga
Watching Willy Wonka and the chocolate factory while tipsy is a mistake. CHARLIE N HIS FAMILY’S STRUGGLE IS MAKING ME REALIZE TO APPRECIATE WHAT I GOT MANNN
Now Playing: Ren� Et Gaston - Vall�e De Larmes
This old crusty guy at my cousins job had a shirt that said "you're the one" and he opened up his jacket and pointed at her. Her stories always have me in tears
It was 4:41 when I tweeted this. It’s 8:01 now. Good morning! I’m gonna sleep.
◤S T O R I E S
I Hope You Love Me As Much As I Love You Ain’t Mean To Break Yo Heart But Baby That’s What Thugs Do
Conte can you say little one more time
What in hell was I thinking? I should have known better, some people just don’t get it #Never Again
Let it be, let it beee
Hungry affff didn’t eat all day
Matterfact Fuk It .. Cause This Bitch Soon Get Out
H.O. P. E. Hold On Pain Ends
I *AM* being social! *plays Animal Crossing: Pocket Camp* See look! I watered this friend’s plants!!
CLEARED - stopped car:I-30 E eastbound Fort Worth
OH MY GOD THEY GAVE ME TWO DONUTS WHEN I ASKED FOR ONE. B L E S S
9. turning the radio station to the end of a good song.
tfw thomas sanders makes a video joking about tide pods. :(
You don’t even know what you want from love anymore.
RT If you think Young Thug wack so I can block you
And, e’en unaided, to the mark his spear
Shit be moving so fast that’s why u gotta live in the moment
I TALK TO MYSELF -To feel better -To laugh like stupid -To be moree happy dats me
Note to self: ALWAYS INVEST IN GOOD KARMA
It’s gonna be so hard to sleep bc I love sleeping on my right side
Spent my meal voucher on Cheetos and dark chocolate. Who says I'm not living my best life?
Also the kind author said that she'd given us many clues..we just didnt pay attention- could the clues be the polls?
I'm sorry my vid late today but I'm verified I can use those powers and every time I thought I was Daddy G.
# De w al t Shoes Original made in Taiwan , Size 9 PM for the Price........
Along with tonight's danganronpa v3 at 's stream at….
Harristown weather 5:00 PM|Temp: 32.6C|Feel: 32.9C|Hum: 29%|Wind: 6.1 km/h E|Baro: 1012.0 hpa Steady|Rain: 0.0 mm
I wish I found out sooner that you a dirty bitch
why does twitter keeping telling me i have a dm when i DONTTTT
I thought RVKHJ was having a break lol
You know I am down to ride
Just played cricket in 40 degree heat! Ran from long on to long on every over. Seen my life flash before my eyes several times! I’m cooked! # Can b err a
I’m suddenly seeing someone with the name esmé except that she has an extra e at the back.
makes me so sad Lupin 3rd is drawin 2 a close #Lupin The3rd
Thank u for all. See you soon!
I wanna go back to June I was so happy & my skin was glowingggg
Tonight will be the night that I will fall for you
i have been absolutely accosted with side quest openers and shat upon all of them in favor of the minigames
Um Gud GOD fucked around and saved me
Its a shame how many bitches I done ran through and aint none of them been like you...
Either our waiter is new or was nervous because he dropped a plate of food by my feet as he was serving us lol I feel so bad
Watching my favorite anime series tonight: Cowboy Bebop
knowing about people’s upbringings is crazy, becuase you see how far they’ve came in life
ugh i miss anne with an e
I forgot how good Ashton Martin Music is ..sheesh
Report for my station at 12:00 AM: Temperature: 42→ Relative humidity: 44→ Pressure: 29.9→ Wind: 0→ from the E. Daily rain: 0.00.
I have such anxiety right now idk why omg
So Game of Thrones final season officially confirmed for 2019.. This will be a drought year.
I’m actually very happy to be going back to work tomorrow. Credit card ya modimo e ke e ikhutše man, yerrrrrrr
For graduation I’m throwing up gang signs as i walk across
Dbs is such a fucking T E A S E
harringrove authors and artists are amazing
7. " im sorry, what is your name again? "
Everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about. Be kind; always.
i will not feel better until i get an answer on a situation that im going thru
Honestly .... Im In A Uber ...et Me Tell Yall The Convo Thats Going On In this Cab
ppl block me for no reason , im nothing but nice
The Hotel Hightower, now in ruin, closed off due to Hightower the Third's disappearance on the last night of 1899.
Took care of my boyfriend all night, and now I’m up and vomiting there’s no one to help me
SANRIO BOYS IS FINALLY ON CRUNCHYROLL SJJSJSJZHS THEYRE FIRS T ePISZOD E BITCCHHHH BYE IMMA WATCH IT
Wind 18,3 km/h E. Barometer 990,9 hPa, Rising slowly. Temperature 9,8 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 75%
I WAS WATCHING BTS' PERFORMANCE IN MMA EARLIER THEN BIGHIT UPLOADS A BANGTAN BOMB OF THEM FROM MMA HIHI OMG. TELEPATHY?jk
Another hour! It's January 07, 2018 at 10:00AM God loves you Prophet Muhammad Peace be upon him Calls you to Paradise
Temp: 2.0 C Wind:0.0mph Pressure: 1022.0hpa Rain Today 0.0mm Forecast: Fine weather # beach le y weather
I want to make my dinner now.
She love me to pieces I love her to death
#True Power is not in what you take, but in what you give away, and what you deny.
one of my favsss. you are so pretty and your snap stories are WILDIN. i’m really glad i followed you bc you are one of the best parts of my tl.
she put some hot links on tha grill with tha caption “i do it all”
im gonnna tryr slleep by e
Dodging them bullets shit hair was all over my damn head
Go to do not take the clock; do today and to do it hurt because they cherish one who never quite as they want to that make
Heacham Weather:Temp=3.9C & is Rising.Low=3.3C & high=4.2C.Pressure=1028.3mb & is Rising.Wind=0.7mph E & gust 3.8mph.Rain today=0.0mm.
Who in Tempe and tryna slide to this party
Tonight was a bust. I didn’t even get slightly drunk. Instead I got majorly d e p r e s s e d
Wind 1 mph E. Barometer 30.013 in, Steady. Temperature 60.3 °F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 31%
#SEVENTEEN And this is the real visual cr. wonjuwoo -Queen Gyu
Listening to Dorian talk about NASCAR and seeing how passionate he is about it as a sport makes my heart happy
I will get a Teacup Yorkie.
I still don't care about the # Olympics , by the way.
THORSBY- Temp: 29.1°F. Feels Like: 22.6°F. Dew: 18.4°F. RH: 64% Wind: E 2mph Gust: 4mph. Baro: 30.405" & Falling. Rain: 0.00" # b m x w x # al w x
*BOT* Proud to be EVERLASTING FRIEND Proud to be one of SAPPHIRE BLUE Proud to love you F.O.R.E.V.E.R ^^~
At 18:00 on 07 January 2018,Temp 35.2 dec,Feels like 35.2 dec,Wind chill 35.2 dec,Humidity 24%,Pressure 1019.2, Wind E 6.1,Rain 0.0
You have discovered an expansive cavern deep underground. #Dwarf Fortress
JEMISON- Temp: 28.7°F. Feels Like: 21.6°F. Dew: 18.4°F. RH: 65% Wind: E 2mph Gust: 8mph. Baro: 30.418" & Falling. Rain: 0.00" # b m x w x # al w x
The weather remains -1° and a few
I’m drunk thinking about when I’m going to pick up my friends daughter from school lol
Temp 22.8°C, Humidity 57%, Barometer 1013.3mb and Rising. Wind 1.8km/h E. Rain last hour/today 0.0mm/0.0mm.
# F a l s 7/1/2018 08:00 h.= T: 9,7 C, Min: 8.6 C, Max: 11.0 C, Viento:2.9 E, Hum: 86%, Hpa: 999,1, Lluvia: 11.2 # met e o # B ages
Hemet Weather at 11:00 PM, Temperature 55.3, Humidity 61%, Wind 0.0 mph from the E, Daily Rain 0.00", Monthly Rain 0.00", Yearly Rain 0.55"
2:00am WEST SPRINGFIELD CURRENT CONDITIONS: Temperature -6.0°F, Wind Chill -6.0°F, Dew Point -15.7°F, Humidity 62.0 pct., Wind 0.0mph NNE, Rain 0.0in. # w x #ma w x
Weather 1/7/2018 2:00 AM: 6.2F 62% humidity 30.453inHg Wind E/2.68mph Rain today None
WIND 0.2km/h E GUST 5.0kmh TEMP 0.1°C RAIN from 00:00 0.0mm PRESSURE 1029.6hPa, Rise slowly HUMIDITY 85% APP TEMP -2.2°C #WEXFORD
The 2 stages of the sudden a --- wait...
Wind 7.3 km/h E. Barometer 1006.6 hPa, Falling slowly. Temperature 30.1 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 43%
why did i ever do animal crossing golden rod run tonight?
Portal, Mario Kart Wii and Splatoon Speedruns back to normal by tomorrow :3
Wind 1 mph E. Barometer 1025.81 mb, Rising. Temperature 1.6 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 86%
Virgina, Durban weather data 09:00 23.8C Max 23.9C Min 22.6C Feels Like 23.3C Wind 7.1 kph E Pressure 1009.9 Falling, Rain today 0,0mm
Wind 1.0 mph E. Barometer 30.421 in, Falling. Temperature 30.3 °F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 56%
my sense of humor makes up for my big forehead
omg moose is literally playing drakes albums rn
the end of the f ** king world é uma serie foda porem mt trist
Wind 4.4 km/h E. Barometer 1016.0 hPa, Falling slowly. Temperature 28.9 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 48%
If anyone has stickers they don’t want or from their work plz send them my way
i wanna be on the phone
Tomorrow’s gonna be great! I’m so excited to spam your timelines with pictures. # museum of ice cream
I’m quite in touch with my affectionate side
I Love Waking Up & The First Thing I See Is You
I HATE DOGSHIT RETARDS WHO USE SHOTGUNS BECAUSE THEY HAVE NO GUNSKILL
Temp 4.9°C Gust 9mph E Pressure 1023.0mb Rising Rain Today 0.0mm Month 33.8mm Humidity 83% F/cast Fine weather
At this time we need Band E Mom in ki Azaa'n. #Trump Is Rejected
People not dictating what and how much make up you put on your face WHAT A CONCEPT
Going to bed on one of the worst days of my life, and I’ve never said I hope I don’t wake up so fucking seriously.
HELP ME FIND A WAY TO MAKE YOU MINE
Romaine lettuce possible source for multi-state E.coli outbreak
not to be cliche but..... N E W. Y E A R. N E W. M E. P E R I O D.
Ambulance A&E delays affect one in eight
You know it’s a good night when you don’t even think twice about taking a Snapchat or making sure you get a pic for the gram! #memoriesthatlastalifetime
You guys. I went to thunder from down under and was pulled onstage. What is my life. Why me. #28and feeling great # v e gas birthday
one of them acts like a puppy and then one acts fucking b l a z e d
My ex boyfriend ex girlfriend be on my dick. I don’t even know shawty. Never even had a convo with her
06:59 GMT | Temp: 4.8°C | Wind: E 11 mph (avg); 22 mph (gust) | Humidity: 78% | Rain: (hr) 0.0 mm | Pressure: 1024 hPa; rising
I understood myself only after years of destroying myself.
I just wanna buy ice cream i'm eating because i can't eat anything else
Nakakagaan ng loob!! Thank you Lord! First sunday of 2018.
4. having a great day , only to have it ruined by someone.
“I’m not a Christian because I’m strong and have it all together. I’m a Christian because I’m weak and admit I need a SAVIOR.” - LECRAE
I'm not going to prioritize any prizes anymore. If you can't wait. Then that's not my problem anymore. You have a lot of GA host. So, why do you still bother to join on my GA/rt deal?
Anglican religious orders are communities of men or women (or in some cases mixed communities of both sexes) in the Anglican Communion who live under a common rule of life. The members of religious orders take vows which often include the traditional monastic vows.
if a bitch from Chicago post a nigga that's not her man on ig he either dead or in jail
Wind 11,3 km/h E. Barometer 1012,87 hPa, Rising. Temperature 16,2 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 58%
GOOD MORNING MY REAL G AND MY REAL WOMAN,HAPPY SUNDAY TO YOU PEOPLE,FILADE FODACIS OYALAMI RING ROAD ORITA (E CONFAM) SAY'S O.BOLD OBODETAN
It’s 1 am n I just woke up from a depression nap yo wasss poppin
Vommed 5 times and smashed a mirror all before 6am How’s your weekend?
Wolff discusses Trump's reluctance to win, the lack of a cohesive ideology in the Trump Campaign and Administration, Trump's mental faculties or lack thereof, Bannon's looking past Trump's mental status, and Trump's lack of caring about things that aren't him or about him. /2
I said I was leaving jail calls in 2017, buttttt I guess I'll put money on my phone tomorrow
do u ever share your thoughts about something and then someone shares those same exact thoughts and it makes u feel like less of a bad person for thinking like that because sAME
honestly just want to cry like wtf
THIS MAGIC MOMENT 13 T H E DRIFTERS
Idk why they got the heat on it’s hot as a mf
This is W O R S E than the wet hair........................................................................... h e c k
my brother put his third grade minecraft friends onto my music & they all fuck with it so I guess life’s worth living now
I be up late asl every night just to be up smh
I think we should do something crazy
Never thought my pics would be the greatest comedy in my whole life
I hate how this love shit works . I swear I don't deserve this shit .
I was looking for something to laugh unto until I came up watching my pictures.
E Glasgow MT USA weather 23:59 MDT Temperature 34.4°F Wind Speed 6.9 mph From WSW MaxGust 21.0 mph at 23:20
Who else going to Calibash? Catch me in there
Waiting for Gastro to tweet about coutinho.
E re ke ikgogele kerekeng since i couldnt go over the holidays. # proud l u the ran
put that trash in jail, man he’s suffocating to watch
These girls are really drunk and they say I'm really smart and I'm taking offense.
nothing more , nothing less... just make me feel gooooood
but you’ll have another life to live
fall in love with someone who wants you, who waits for you. who understands you even in the madness; someone who helps you, and guides you, someone who is your support, your hope. fall in love with someone who talks with you after a fight.
} i dunno if i made it obvious by now, but every time david gets e x t r e m e l y pissed, he cracks his neck.
Someone: Why do you like that korean guy a lot? (referring youngjae) Me: Because i like him? Someone: Then why dont you like me? Me: Because you're not youngjae?
watching call me by your name physically hurt
It’s one in the morning and my ass craving fuckin tacos I can’t deal with this
I’m gonna be a sappy bitch but when Cole falls asleep on me it’s the cutest
I miss you everytime I see you
12 more days til my Star Wars tattoo. I’m gonna be sitting in that chair for atleast 6 hours. I’ll probably be watching the original trilogy as I get my tattoo! # mind blowing
Thank you all who supported the truck today! Remember we will be having our grand opening in 7 days! January 13,2017! Location: 1701 E Compton Blvd Compton, CA
On a train headed to Tokyo sitting in between 2 cute japanese girls, I am living the D R E A M.
when i order food and it isn’t delievered fast enough the only thing I can say to myself is.. “i thought i was a loyal enough customer”
These past two days have been some of the best I’ve had in a long time. I seriously have the best of friends.
I know that I should prob wife you up
Let's get high and drunk sounds good asfff
All i ever did is love you but all you ever did is find faults in me.....
Looks like I’m not going to make it to work in the morning after tonight
Honestly I can’t sleep because I’m so flipping horny for you
Don’t act like something you’re not because that shit gets old real fast!!
Where shall uber take me tonight??? # u be revery where
Roses Are Red A Day6/Got7/basically JYP text style interactive AU In which three members of Day6 are being stalked, and someoneknows by who. # Rosa y 6
I mean ur not doin anythin important right like e e ee.
imma go to mention tab now, boohoo
Oomf is so funny I always laugh at his stories
My stomach is hurting so bad
Ok wtf did I miss today
I keep real niGGaz only in my crew
WOW i’m getting my shit together in 2018, it’s a Sunday and i’m cleaning my room out . next stop my study table
Need some hot chips for my pickle
I CAN'T WAIT FOR SPRING BREAK!!!!! Oh, wait. I'm probably going to be working. So, who cares anyway.
1. Not getting a text back.
8 shots in and my ass is all smiling
I’m I the only one that likes to squeeze girls buns
oooouuu , just come and do what it is i asked you to!
TWICEPIC IS BACK ㅠㅠㅠㅠ I'M SO HAPPY
Well that sure went down fast
Yeah amader YD er kache kono kisu e impossibel na I know that dear
1:58am and I'm in my bag thinking about how much I wanna give back to my parents when I'm older
#Now Playing Frank Oc e an by Frank Oc e an - Bad R e ligion # e 3 radio # good music # l g b t #qu e e r radio don e right
Shame on those who are body shaming SVT. Beauty standars cannot be trusted & these boys are perfect as they are. Also saying things like Seungkwan cannot sing when Seungkwan alone can outsing her idol. Just stating a fact right here. Never underestimate any of Seventeen members.
Woke one way ke arah bawah...yippeee
Which e girl gonna go in my basement
COIMBATORE BRANCH IBPS CLERK MAINS RIP DAY6 OFFLINE TEST
i’m gonna do some urgent work, then come back to catch up with outcast and the two bangtan bombs.
Swear me and my brother only get along when we are eating
concern myself with shit I shouldnt
# o o c Physically tired, mentally exhausted, but it doesn't matter to the boy, does it?
ot6 stans are so jealous that jimin always snags the top spots in the polls, lmao, stay pressed asswipes
New Dragon ball super episode was so good, Vegeta’s final flash wasn’t enough for Jiren #Dragon Ball Super
GAVIN TRYING TO COOK MEAT IN THE CAMPFIRE BY PLACING THE COOKINGPOT ON THE FUCKING GROUND NEXT TO IT I CANT BREATHE GAVIN P L E A S E
Some things wasn't yours to loose you just did some rearranging....
Keep my fingers crossed, I wanna be somewhere that I belong.
don’t give up what you want most for what you want now
dating is scary like are we gonna breakup?? Will we get married?? Will they cheat?? Can I trust them?? Are they loyal?? Is it love??
the worst moment in life: ----a thread
My mom honestly makes me feel whole again, I don’t know what I would do without her
Can I take you where I learned the game from? Show you why I act the way I act
If anyone is interested in loving me extra on my birthday. I wish to have flowers, I love flowers! I'm #270 in Fenty beauty foundation and breakfast is great. Also. My nails just broke and need a major color change .
Niggas that drink E&J are trash, my male friends are not exceptions to the rule.
goodnight reminder that i love jine + daewon + lee geon + tiffany + sooyoung + seohyun + red velvet + snsd + jbj + clc + twice + pentagon the most
quote with a person you stan with any color and i’ll make you a layout !!
#Now Playing Let the Redeemed - Hezekiah Walker on # e g i m radio
W: Wow so great A: Assholes hate him everyone else loves him K: Knighted by teh queen, not really but should be E: Everyone knows benjamin wake is the best
“Love can also be spelled as T-I-M-E”
i went 0-2 today.. how in the fuck "paul be knowing"
So who is this Bushra Bibi and what is this all hullabaloo about Imran Khan's marriage? #Imran Khan More importantly so why are we supposed to get our knickers in a twist over this?
I might go to the e.r, fuck bro
You niggas pretend like y’all don’t care until we move on
I just got mad all over again
Q. where Is Jabal_e_Noor is Situated? Ans. Makkah Q. which Surah Of Quran Has BismiULLAH Twice? Ans: Al Namal Shakir_AJIZ # B a j a u r
I’ll be he first to admit I’m insecure.. & yeah its a problem I need to work on but I hate Mfs act like they’ve never been there before.
Happy to join the twitter today
Lauv is e v e r y t h i n g
r u not the same as u used to be.
its the third time i e seen tHE ONE PICTURE THAT SHOULD NEVER HAVE BEEN TAKEN today. Ugh.
I really need to watch Black Mirror & Mr. Robot!
No matter what you lost its coming back to you a hundred times over...
Yes it involves of hard fails Yes it hurts Yes this is the only method I got
My technique to learning shit quickly: do ya thing fail hard take it easy And repeat
Tbh people so fake especially the ones you call your “friends” smh
Tbis is actially imlossible. I can onlu biy shots for me and oscat b3cause I canXt her/see anythingelse
Steph just now, “ I seent it.” # o h m y l a w r d # dead # fuck boys
Tonight has been a night of fine wine and I drank that shit like it was liquor #Send Help Lmao
Henessey in cup right now. WHY?
"Hate to see your heart break"
I’m watching Shameless from the beginning and it makes me so nostalgic
She ain't neva been licked down from her earrinGs to her heels
I Hope I Still Be This Happy When I Go Back To School
I’m really spin by myself never needed nobody
I know it’s nothing but I think it’s hilarious this chick stole my Instagram bio
Oh my heart hurt so good
Hadda convo with dude about how one situation coulda been avoided but guys problems are that they suck at communication & he agreed... I couldn't tell if he was using reverse psychology on me with the "women are always right" BS or if he actually agreed
Definitely 110% sure I’m grabbing In n Out on the drive home.
I really D O N ' T C A R E
Just setting up my Twitter. #myfirst Tweet
When I told her I'm the devil, I was smiling
watching the games & pretending Idk the outcomes
Yooooo I wanna be left tf alone !!!!!!
just found 35$ on the ground ayeee
You got this lady... Keep on keeping on...
Mendelssohn - Daniel Barenboim - Songs Without Words, Op. 67 No. 1 in E flat major: Andante
Falling in love with your best friend is amazing
lmao at big e “the...oddly charismatic team of rusev day”
She suck on da dick like a push pop
They must be stopped by any means possible. Mueller is doing his job now e must do ours.
I got so lucky with her
U kno u getting old when all u do is sleep on Fridays / Saturday’s
Its About that time when We start seeing Niggas taking pictures flexing with they tax money With A Caption Thats Relates To struggling, Trappin or Hustling Lmfaooo
Everyone out there drinking and stuff and I’m just here reading my bible
Damn I could’ve been cuddled up but nah
First time playing Fortnite in a while and i got second place on some goat shit
Lecture notebooks Journals Concept paper Peta Outputs Video presentation Project
Murda on the beat so it’s not nice
Idk why I like scary movies so much.
I HATE WHEN YOU HOES HEELS BE LEANING LIKE NOTHING AGGRAVATES ME MORE LIKE I KNOW YOU SEEN AND FELT YOUR HEELS LEANING HOE
I hate New Mexico's 12 a.m cut off time bullsh*t!
Elephant alone Zoo says that’s fine for this one Won’t do it again
w/e I’m at Fuego now glo up
Also didnt someone break that text quote where it said that You're the creator or smth
First Sunday of the year and I'm not going to church
It’s crazy how when i want a relationship everyone go ghost but when i don’t y’all come out of nowhere
parents are like kids with a lot of money
Merry and Pippen were blazed out of their minds the whole third movie lol # long bottom leaf
Do you ever have that day that your makeup is REAL GOOD so when it's the end of the day to take it off you get sad ?! :(
It’s been a whole month since I last saw the original trilogy. WHAT AM I DOING??!
FRe SHa FRE f r e s h a v a c a d o
Tomorrow is self care Sunday and I’m just gunna do my nails and wash my face and internally die while watching some tv show I’ve seen over and over again because w h y t h e f u c k n o t
I was just trynna see my friends tonight
where would i be without the blues
DAILY #ILLUMINATION “Glory is like a circle in the water, which never ceases to enlarge itself, till, by broad spreading, it disperses to naught.” William Shakespeare Good morning folks #Sunday Morning
I need a make up wipe, some water, and a massage rn. Preferably from a handsome Brazilian guy.
You ain't never met someone like me
So i haven’t even started my cycle yet but i feel sick af this bitch needa come and go
The day I open my own place of business my applications will not have a race or ethnicity box .
I don't even know myself at all I thought I would be happy but now
SKEE SKEE SKEE W A T E R G U N
The next station is Okachimachi. The doors on the left side will open. Please change here for the Oedo Subway Line.
things i could probably be good at: music reviews movie reviews writing/blogging fine artist graphic designer etc things i do instead: get anxiety
Me: i have to lose weight Also me: *sees macdonalds & kfc* SHIT THE NEW BURGER & KFC MAC & CHEESE LOOKS GOOD
move on from all the negativity in ya life all 2018
B: Baller who everyone loves E: Everyone loves him N: Nobody doesn't love him J: Just the coolest guy ever A: Awesome guy M: Man, Ben is such a great person I: I'm amazed at how great Ben is N: Nwow so great
God is the real T R E A S U R E
Insidious got me F U C K E D
Morning! Managed to sleep, but kept getting disturbed by lifts squeaking, high feels on women running past the door, and cars beeping outside! Oh well...
HHHSHHSSJS IM LOVING THIS WHOLE OUTCAST THING I WANT BTS TO BE AWARE OF THIS!
it would be fantastic if i could sleep through the rest of the night!!
dont say yadda yadda.o r i ' l l b e a t y o u u p. -wowjvng
When I'm fucked up I'm liable to do w/e. I'm usually a good person I swear but when I'm #In My Mode watch tf out cuz me n gang straight
I got my fucking iPhone back. Yasssss!!
E o pior é que WHY i cant move on just the way you did SO easily?
Fell asleep at 9 & now wide awake
Most can skip fasting before new cholesterol test
My birthday is Thursday and I can't wait!!!!
She aint neva been dicked doen sheon know how dat feel
The guy to girl ratio is lioe 2:1, how tf do you pico up girls downtownx it's actually imlossible. Amd all the cite girls already dome with a giy,tFFFFFFFFF
getting drunk by myself 2nd night in a row we lit
im watching lemonade mouth, and mudslide is full of dicks.
I will promote GOOD ENDEAVOUR, e.g. working for Nuclear isn't, working 4 genuine renewables is
Just completed 3 blog posts for next week. I hope you'll enjoy them. Let me know what you think # b logging #Industry V Sacademia
We out here tripping and finesse
Just woke up from a fool ass nap. Falcons and Rams game put me to sleep
I love you babe so bad
i’m in desperate need of ur speed
but I know it's the only option left to me now summer has sucked the stone, and burst your tyres
I wanna make a WW2 Clan ://
actions speak louder than words, when they show you they don’t fuck w/ you BELIEVE THEM
I’m really bad at showing emotion
Oh my heart hurts so good
Henny and waffles should be lit
(Wave) SWELL: 0.3 ft at 10.5 s E / WIND WAVE: 3.9 ft at 4.3 s NE / WVHT: 3.9 ft / APD: 3.7 s / MWD: 44° / 1:29a EST
I hate the heat I hate the heat I hate the heat I hate the heat I hate the heat
yugyeom: [ breathes ] me: oKay ?? you got me emotional right here ??? you can't just do THAT and not expect me to cRY and scream how much i L O V E you
cause when “OUR” friend wanna get outta control and “BEAT” someone ass we not gonna stop her
Nothing like cruising on St. street
time for me to stop neglecting a.c.e and give them the love and support they deserve like i used to
1850 E. C. Gaskell Heart John Middleton in Househ. Words 28 Dec. 330/2 I longed and yearned for the second coming of Christ, of which Nelly had told me. The world seemed cruel, and hard.
My cousin is somethin else homegurl is drinking legit black coffee no sugar no nothing added and in the other hand a glass with whiskey on the rocks tf
It’s quite exciting when you set your intentions for certain things & the Universe sends you messages of it everywhere you go.
I’ll finally be back in California in less than 24 hours.
"is it called a bs cause you bs your classes"
"but your poison was the cure, and by accident you taught me how to love myself" that lyric she wrote still fucks me up
I can’t relate with anyone who walks around with their nose in the air
"The last of the human freedoms is to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances." ~Victor E. Frankl # quote # quote oftheday
She Give me head she Got Gud knees
I’ve been super sad for almost two weeks but today was a good day. My bestfriend got engaged to the love of her life and they met when they both stood in my quince
when we’re driving in ur car make me feel like i could do anything
23. No. Cant imagine my world without music
The death penalty is basically retaliation (i.e., an eye-for-eye), but it has been codified as legal in certain states. I hope other people have spotted the contradiction.
I didn't even KnOw cAts CAN GET ACn e
I'm sorry because i loose you -gwp
To my high school friends, I will surely gonna miss 'ya all.
Because the time we'll all graduate and pursue college, everything will surely be different.
Senior High School is still HIGH SCHOOL. Be crazy, be with people you want to be with.
Would the real slim shady please stand up
Before you'll all walk in separate ways in pursuing college.
when you meet a real boo, u gone realize u wasn't asking for too much
So enjoy the time that was left.
I just want my food these people playing
You may not be with your friends in college.
Word so it’s looking like a fresh start to things
Try the things you want to try with your friends.
Your light and warmth has touched everyone you've ever known. You're so amazing !!
I keep trying to picture what baby boys gonna look like
Busted a mission for my ma and I don't think I've seen her this happy in a while.
Talk to those people whom you less talk too.
There are almost 3 months for you to make more and more memories with them.
Cleared: Bridge/Tunnel Stoppage: EB on I-64 at I-64 Tunnel-HRBT E in Hampton.1:52AM
Transfers: Kosuke Taketomi is transferred to Urawa Reds, it's permanent. He had been Reysol for 15 years. I will miss him a lot, but good luck. # re ys ol # j league
Really happy with how my makeup looks today
Enjoy every moment you have with your classmates.
this nigga so high he got me watching the dog channel
Pretending to be happy is not easy
Dear Grade 12 SHS Students, A thread.
I finally got out of a&e and now I’ve got a bed in observation unit again like last time ahaha
this new N.E.R.D. album got me hyped af!
I really use to think Young M.A was a nigga
i can’t wait to graduate and go and see charlotte in england and have the time of my life with someone who cares about me it’s been so long
Dear katamaran, till death do us part ba?
Give me some time like what I did!
Im ready to get my hair done again
I’ve personally never heard someone sing and they brought to mind Michael, but H.E.R.’s vocals on My Song did just that. Damn near stopped me in my tracks. What a talent.
I’m going to the gym in the morning. Wish me luck
Sometime i wish i was dead and other times i also wish i was dead
Cool lil shawty that only worry about herself
Stop stressing yourself from bullshit things
Chief Keef ft. Lil Wayne Watch me
Kingdoms have fallen, angels be calling, none of that could ever make me leave
C a nath e a ster
#black_mirror just finished first episode of season4, WTFF!!
I simply can't wait till I release "Million." I just had fun with the song and managed to make it lit. iTunes maybe??
it can cause you to not want to chose, for fear of not being able to accomplish everything, its a rlly backwards way of thinking but you cant help it
Felt like i haven't been on here in years
I know I'm better than your ex-boyfriend Or any other niggas from the past
I want to turn on the paper shredder but I feel like it’ll wake everyone up
-otis redding music is so soothing
y’all need to control y’all friends ..
I do like steak too, ngl.
why do girls fall fpr boys who play with their hearts and ignore the one's who son't play at all?
95% of my tweets are just for giggles.
This is the end Hold your breath and count to ten Feel the earth move and then Hear my heart burst again.
YOUNG T I L L E R
I really don't like sleeping alone
People need to be more open minded.
Been watching Netflix all day. I feel like a basic bitch.
Listening to Violin Concerto No. 2 in E Major, BWV 1042: Violin Concerto No. 2 in E Major, BWV 1042: III. Allegro assai by Joshua Bell;Academy of St Martin in the Fields, on my Echo!
My mother likes eating the guitar.
Hearing Ryland's mom call him Ryan makes me feel very uncomfortable.
simple efforts means so much to me
Put my headphones through the washer the day before my flight. Fuck me UP FAM
Ma metro a pitoli leave ya bona e fedile, even on a Sunday ba busy. Yerr... Anyway, Happy Sunday. Lets Go to Church. Lets pray 4 each other
Killing yourself doesn't end the pain, it just passes it on.
If I cant see you than You cant be my girlfriend
Who’s tryna go see Insidious with me ?
Super Sad naman. May your Lola rest in peace
ma$e was so smooth back then
I bet you love me more after that first fuck
Hahahahaha Rs goals with matching warla
i’m so sick it literally feels like I have no organs inside my body at this point it was nice knowing y’all
LRT one of the best stormblood moments it was exhilarating
I need some good rock debris stocks
So on the eve of the Golden Globes, I recalibrate and restate my love and respect for the work that is CMBYN and for all the people behind it, especially the revelation that is Timothee
The movement for the defence of qibla e awwal has begun. Saifullah Khalid #Trump Is Rejected
So what is Nick mad about today?
First they'll laugh at you for doing you and then they try to copy you.
You can have a lot of money AND be humble.
This dude beside me keep yawning and if’s making me fucking yawn
i need oomf to realize that i exist
We are learning everyday, I'm getting better everyday... We all start from somewhere, we all learn from our mistakes but eventually we shine and i will shine just chill.
nice nice nice nic e NCIE
yuh really made in life when yuh smoke backwoods everyday
I’ll ride for you you ride for me. You jump and I’ll jump that’s my loyalty
Hopefully the building is closed again tomorrow
You are not worthy as my opponent.
I'm troubleshooting my 10 year old laptop with an 8 year old mac mini I just resurrected because why not?
Check out more of art than the crust.
Tfw you wish fervently for the zombie apocalypse to come just because it would make everything so much simpler.
genius ... G= Ghastly E= excrement N= Nasty I= Ignorant U= under acheiver S= Shit Head
Funny how those people who initially hated my shit and tried to stop me are now coming up to me and asking to collab.
I don’t love myself, Don’t expect me to love you.
ccs has put me in such a good mood hello i lov everyone almost enough to use a hard e
You may not be perfect... but your all i need #
i miss the person i used to be
What US contributed to fight war on terror, Pakistan contributed more than US i.e. $120 billions ±70k lives. Come with facts not fictions. #Trump Is Rejected
memes making love..now thats something i can get off too
I think I’m the only I know that actually glued my fingers to my e cig.
there’s always that one person that will always have your heart..
bruh Larry knows me liie the back of his hand
need to get a sc filter...
Finding a car has to be the most stressful thing ever
like. what we NOT gonna do is harass a child over this shit, okay? okay.
still a gucking er er e, i fuckign know mat, u fuckign prick. i fucking know about u down there as well, u fucking prick.
I'm sorry for being so difficult to love
I would like to do a bunch of traveling right now but I have to get my career together first then I’ll get too that... Florence, Italy one I really want to go too
i like the butt whack shit borskis
Sigh i wanna play some geebies
I am fully embracing my current flights of ideas as a fan / stan, and this whole thing of parasocial interactions has been intoxicating, but also exhilirating
But now that I said that watch me start picking that shit back up again
As they say 3rd time marriage is in Alam e Roya.
And the moon is the only light we’ll see.
it's frustrating to be so good at so many things or at least know you have the ability to do so much; you feel like you dont have enough time in one lifetime to be the best you can be
Star Fox 64 was literally one of the McDonalds meme .
let’s not forget Naruto & Tokyo Ghoul
dear conyers, we want more late night food choices !
Cause I love her with all that I am Out of my league // Stephen Speaks
i need to study by e
a part of me ready to go back , a part of me isn’t.
Promo ol shop?brand?band?product?etc. Mention/hastag # z on a pro mot free retweet!
Yo drop yo glasses, n shake yo asses
I’m jealous of girls who have great relationships with there dads
Woo hoo its just me, myself & i
The movement for the defence of qibla e awwal has begun. #Trump Is Rejected
I Barely Even Smoke Now Pretty Soon I’ma Stop For Good
Say what you mean and mean what you say.
The First Americans: Ancient DNA Rewrites Settlement Story
Those people on Twitter that always post things are the real MVPs. I’m almost always guaranteed a cheating person or something that will make me lmao.
No matter how many times we fall off or w/e we can still chop it up, my nigga
blood coming out of her wherever did 9/11
Slightly been losing interest in smoking
Lil wayne - XO Tour Life Ft Baby E
" you have to be odd to be number one "
i retweet that video of jeongguk b-boying everytime it pops in my tl lol.
my nose is bleeding i guess im one of those lab rats lmao
I'M NOT SHADOWBANNED I KNEW IT! IT'S THE J.E.W.S AND THE W.O.M.E.N.S WHO MADE MY OLD COLLEAGUES INTO FAGGOTS WHO ARE IGNORING ME
"Your guild is your home, your friends are your family, and fairies are your hearts. Stay true to them and they will always be by your side"
Learning to not envy someone else's blessing is what grace looks like
Isn't it strange how you can link people with objects etc e.g. Winston Churchill "The Bull dog" Stood his ground and won. Angela Merkel " Tiger tank", solid lump, did great harm in Europe
And now it’s time to relax # z en # relax
Got pretty much 0 petrol and my car is all frozen so I'm using the petrol i do have to defrost... am I gonna make it to work? Maybe maybe not
ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID ALL THE THINGS SHE SAID RUNNING THROUGH MY HEAD
Sheila E is still bad on the percussion. STILL!
Don't come through if you can't hang..
I feel like I'm running out of time
I can be the loyalist Nigga you can Ever Have But The Real question is Can You do the Same for me ??
Rolled a blunt at 8 pm and I still haven't smoked it
One drop exists anywher,e i nthye fucking eorld, it's going off, unto fucking talk, i have 10 million people at the fucking redy, before i have to work for finding more
WILLIAM JACKSON HARPER HAD A TEENY ROLE IN POI OMG
Hey you know who's gay? D E F I N I T E L Y N O T M E HAHA RIGHT? RIGHT.
Ran up in the game just to ball out , now she wanna talk it out , oh no
Sleep deprived, food deprived, family deprived, drink deprived, chopstick deprived, chair deprived.....what else can I complain about hmmmmmmmm
I’m heavy block list bull. I cuts ALL lines of communication
Do we really need to be love back if we love someone?
Us black girls are really beautiful. All shades and tones
got my sister stuck on F.R.I.E.N.D.S I'm so proud
My favorite Tom Brady stat has to be that he's had a worse passer rating than his opponent in 5 of his 7 Super Bowls.
Full offense but if your first reaction to seeing a nonwhite skater is to assume they aren't actually American just turn around and d*e.
Told myself I would go to atleast 3 wedding dress stores before picking the one... but I really really really love what I found today
lmao my cousin cheated on his gf with my ex bff, theyre still together and my ex bff still likes his pictures on insta. even after he used her. uhhh but that’s none of my business
The old Family Guy episodes are so funny
my application was sent back and i had to redo the entire education section i wanna d i e
SVP is a menace of a software. jeez
panwinkdeep is THAT love triangle i dont make the rules
Just saw # J u m a n j i ! It was sooooo good!
Let’s go back to Nashville tomorrow
Bridge/Tunnel Stoppage: EB on I-64 at I-64 Tunnel-HRBT E in Hampton. All travel lanes closed. Potential Delays.1:50AM
"""It's not secluded. I'm just sneaky"" Once asked why he lived such a secluded life."
But, I'm leavin' on a jet plane Don't know when I'll be back again Oh babe, I hate to go
really ain’t eat all day lame shitttt
don't need a perfect relationship, just be real and practical
Mom accidentaly sat on Hippocrates and I'm so damn angry...
i dont care what they say
Me and Nicole being the same type of Scorpio is truly a dangerous friendship. I cannot
11:11 Dear God, Thank you for another day of life, it's the best gift I could ever receive
# sat u r day screams how does this movie ALWAYS fly by so fast?
YALL TOE TF UP & I cannot
the good doctor is nice but damn i can't take the blood, the internal organs, and more. hoping i can tolerate this soon like the walking dead
Ek din classes hotein wo b mout par ri hoti.. aur oper cy presentation ajae tou lgta death e ho jani
Finally figured out how to sync my phone to my ifit proform treadmill. Lol after 6 months.
WOW ALEKS ACTUALLY DANCING??? P U R E
Forever an emo kid at heart
Peace, Love and all that mighty jazz. Y R MZNG, LL OF Y ND I SY THT TRTHFLL__E. M__Z / M=
me: im just really scared of commitment, you know? its just such a freaky concept seeing how people can hurt you an- spotify: *thinking out loud - ed sheeran* me: *bangs table* whERES MY S O U L M A T E
once you find that one person that makes you happy in a way that no one else can, don't ever let them go & never ever take them for granted.
PAKISTAN v NEW ZEALAND Series 2018 LIVE ON PTV SPORTS , STAR SPORTS SELECT 1 & HD , SKY SPORTS CRICKET , FOX SPORTS , FEED HD (100.5°E)
mr . nobody is such an incredible movie and such a beautiful description of a concept
Swollen eyes again. Mdm Lee ask where is my eye lid ?!?
“Get f u c k e d”
Been watching Dark on Netflix and it’s giving me anxiety but i can’t stop watching it
Marcus aint plain round no more
I have really bad sinusitis right now. So much so that my eye feels like it's going to explode. Fun, no?
spent about 12 hours of my day binge watching how to get away with murder .. i’m obsessed
I really feel like the writer I’ve been reading. Drinking and thinking alone, y not Time to sleep now and no more Bukowski’s mood for today
"HEY RAVEN, N I C E S H I R T ."
((Has never lewd RPed in my life. N E V E R
I have baby fever so bad
i just want to talk someone that is honest and straight forward from the beginning.
I feel my throat getting scratchy
Yo I wish I could be white for a day
popteamepic is how i will get back into actually watching anime RHGOIAHCXZCXZ
if anyone wants to play fortnite holla at yo b o i but n o o n e l i k e s m e : (
"I need a hug"... cool I'll provide a cactus for you
Going to Welly tomorrow. Please be fine and beautiful so my daughter falls in love with it!
“you don’t get to choose if you get hurt in this world, but you do have a say in who hurts you”
Soldier:I-N-D-E-P-E-N-D-E-N-T Sergeant:DO YOU KNOW THAT THAT MEAN Soldier: SHE GOT HER OWN HOUSE, SIR
Only thing i can do is live my best life ..
Being extra because It’s myyyy birthday monthhhh hoeeeee
In all honesty i need my back massaged down and to be cuddled up till i fall asleep
Now let me take my butt to sleep so I can show my face at Red Lobster in the morning
Har news channel claim krta hai they are number one hum kesy maan ly ky tm log e number one ho
However, I would appreciate if my parents friends went home/stopped yelling. Tysm Grandma is trying to sleep
I feel terrible for our oovoo javer
Ahhhh yes. No sleep, my favorite
Dope souls need equally dope souls
Just watched the anime film Catnapped (1995) what a P O W E R F U L film
Choose not to settle. Pursue your God-given goals, knowing it's never too late to accomplish everything God has placed in your heart.
Moon rock will have you feeling like it’s yo first time smoking again & shit
things that I realized or learned while watching IT ; a thread
"Every word of God is flawless"
some nights binge watching Friends for the 12th time is just necessary
GOD I LOVE ONE MAN WITH MY WHOLE HEART I JUST CANT WAIT TIL WERE MARRIED AND TOGETHER FOREVER WITH OUR SQUIRRELS AND BABIES AND L O V E !!!!!!!
u know what im gonna watch im not a robot before i get overly emotional Sejun i lov e u
I'm gonna potty like it's my birthday # re mix
I think I'm very fun at parties,,I love getting drunk and sprawling across the nearest flat surface in fishnets and a leather jacket to shout about the social model of disability in between songs from carly rae jepsen's 2015 hit album E•MO•TION.
I am sure the sun Will rise friends
a relationship where y'all love and accept each other despite your flaws
All I gotta say is watch out for me I’m about to glow
Mufuckas done walked away for maturity & we still on this bitch arguing over eating butt
i just want to be held by someone who doesnt want to hold me
Now playing Stand by me by Ben E. King!
without you i’m nothing, with you i’m something, together we’re everything.
Drove tf outta me bro I promise
I am b e a t ok. I just need my bed and my heated blankets.
after one and half hour under the sea..with stunning under water life licence only...
wt f im s o pissed i sleep because the only thing i do when im awake is cough & it's tiring me out why do u need to wake me up every fuckn tiM E
e eu you’re doing amazing sweetie
you a real ass woman and i like it
The equation of Einstein, E=mc^2v, is about special relativity. It tells us that Mass and Energy are two forms of the same thing.
So we inna car and I’m whispering to Mia like wtf am I gone do. And Mia was like I gotchu. So I’m like okay or w.e
i know just how to whisper and i know just how to cry i know just where to find the answers and i know just how to lie i
Mia said she juss came from my house and my momma was there. And my momma asked her where I was or w.e
So I’m walking to Mark house or w.e and I get there and me and him juss chill there We didn’t do nothing honestly y’all thought
If you prefer hard shell tacos over soft shell you are a weirdo
My bf said I'm crazy af
So I was dating Mark or w.e and he lived around the corner from me or w.e so I decided to walk to his house one day
Cops all over Onondaga Lake Pkwy due to accidents. Be safe out in these streets, even if you got 10mph.
And around this time I was dating this dude or w.e, we juss gone call him Mark
Okayyy sooo it was 2017 inna summer and it was a few days after my birthday or w.e
Theo and tia keep asking me am I gonna find a nice Greek man anytime soon because yiayia won’t be around much longer it doesn’t get more Greek than that y’all
Plaid, and fedoras, especially plaid fedoras are D E A D
Don’t count the days, just make the days count
Mayta this thurs-fri ang exam oy
On the second episode and I've realized "Anne with an E" makes a lot more sense if you imagine it's 11-year-old Anne writing these scripts.
Putting in your retainer after not consistently wearing it <<<<
Really trying to go to the gym every day and be skinny so I can look good in baggy adidas sweats and oversized hoodie lmao
ANALYSIS FLAVOUR — Trumpeter, Northam yard-arm terminated Outdo in the lead of get-go Colony regulator analysis: Egalitarian Lt are xenon headlights legal in california. Gov. Ralph Northam and Politician Ed Trumpeter are allot representing their elementary e...
“Smoking woods to the face blowing clouds can’t u see it got ur bitch giving brain” My bars song coming soon
Fun fact: all of the Bloodhound Gang’s music videos have over millions of views on YouTube. Makes you wonder why aren’t these guys really touring and shit?
I realize I'm just holding on to, the hope that maybe, your feelings don't show
It’s been just up and down lately
Once a gago always a gago jud
i miss my mood a year ago lol i was in such a good place. great friendships, no drama, no body positivity issues, being in a steady place mentally... ahhh
So like if molecules develop all matter and matter is all obtainable objects and we believe that bugs are small in comparison to us do you think that maybe bugs see stuff smaller than what we can see? Or better yet can bugs see molecules?
After 501947031 attempts, involving 1572721621 keypresses, I have typed 'e et no'
80. DEAR MISS SWEETIE by Stacey Lee, because if Stacey Lee writes it, you better be damn sure I will read it
I’ll always be in love w Beyoncé’s version of I’d rather go blind
my friends are so nice & sweet , i don’t deserve them
Girls Taking Have Naked Pictures Just To Get Likes , Do Better Have Some Respect For Ya Body , Yourself
THE TODODEKU MED AU IS ALL I NEED TO SURVIVE BY E, ,, CAN YALL IMAGINE DEKU IN HIS CUTE NURSE SCRUBS ? ??! ? BYE IM DECEASEd
Bro females hit like niggas my jaw hurt smh
A scala (e.g. for temperature) is definded by a empirical relative (objects with relation) A, a numerical relative N, and a morphismus f: A -> N. # m a t h s # m e a s u r e m e n t s # physics
Having someone to talk to, who really cares~ makes the load a little less heavy and a little more bearable.
"the star wars films to date have roughly made 7 billions dollars at the box office. The toys have made twice that amount" STAR WARS É FRANQUIA P VENDER BUNECO, REPASSEM
This hashtag bout to trend for 8 HOURS AND IT'S STILL NUMBER 1 CRAZY!!!!! #B T Soutcast D4
I’m starting to realize half of you are real life stupid
So excited bc all the fam is down to go to Mexico this year
#Health News Long A&E waits triple in Northern Ireland
#Health News Ambulance A&E delays hit one in eight
Ayoko kay A l e x but i gotta thank her today for asking about the xmas gift. im honestly so curious about that hahahahaha
like dead ass i chased you just to be with you. what did you do to get me?
I am so happy to be in bed
now i’m rey be ducked & kickback
I FEEL LIKE FLIPPING TABLES! # melon b o t
does anyone know how i could make my own preset for vs ? dm me & lmk !
What you see in others exists in you
Nellie coming to Scranton Branch was a mistake. Let's be honest here.
The biggest goal in my life is to have my own family. If there is one thing I’ve learned in my short 22 Years, it’s that family is everything
i was gonna go to the kitchen but my brother is in there feeding his friends tacos im pissedt
Our Lyft driver was literally the best person ever.
/okay but my head hurts and idk why
Tommy Wiseau rolled inexpensive sea barnacles, so Florida man diddled hot fool. I got hacked.
I’m fucking bad at making decisions and i’ll always be.
My favorite meme of late 2017/early 2018 is definitely "Somebody touch-a my spaghet!" True quality.
Ima enjoy this night haven't been out in a minute
“I want Arabian wealth. You snakes could make me a belt.”
e is an irrational number. It's equal to two point seven one eight two eight one eight two eight something something something...
yo what if there was like, someone out there just like me but like... f e m a l e
acabei the end of the fucking world e mano wtf
My sister driving fast in Arlington like these polices ain’t bad outchea
Takeoff should release his own mixtape just to make everyone wys of how jhas he is
#Saturday Screamshe calls him spinach chin.. ,hahaha
hate when i regret some shittttt
Beat:E1, MISCHIEF, NUISANCE COMPLAINTS at 4XX BLOCK OF BOYLSTON AV E reported on 1/6/2018 10:23 PM, Call# 18000007421
Beat:G1, TRAFFIC (MOVING) VIOLATION at E JEFFERSON ST / 13 AV reported on 1/6/2018 10:23 PM, Call# 18000007419
almost every character in soul eater has style
i admire people who have the physical stamina to work out...i dont even have the mental strength to get out of bed
Stick my down your mouth. Yeah, just like tha- YOU HAD CORN TODAY
My homeboy said he ain’t got a haircut since last year cause his barber got locked up
I've realised the reason I love The Crown is that it presents something we don't see often in TV & Cinema: a woman being psychologically & emotionally stronger than every single man around her without her being reduced to a Iron Woman trope.
if you are addicted to smoking cigarettes, you are a sucker motherfucker - ez e
hi guys!!! Don’t forget to get mosturized okay! And yes, we are ready stock
School starts Monday and I've already emailed two of my professors about my grade. Can't win if you don't play lol
You melt my heart with the simplest of things .
If not serious about selling coins don’t dm.
Been through so much this past year and at this point I am unshaken under pressure!
hoping for a Saints win tomorrow
lemme just Y O T E myself through this here earth
Damn I mixed up a used battery with a cheeseburger
Family time is the best time
I didn’t pull a baby out of the rosca this year
Tori hit that hoe so crucial
Like Noah’s Ark I’m too into it
THEFT - COLD at 700 BLOCK OF SE CESAR E CHAVEZ BLVD, PORTLAND, OR [Portland Police #PP18000006572] 21:29 # p d x 911
One time we had a contractor come to Whataburger and he was Greek trying to hook me up with his son, touché
seokjin's broad shoulders make me w e a k
When ur MI ruins ur life endlessly
zeke: sam’s gonna get ROMAINE zeke: oh wait no, e. coli
I am so tired of seeing those 11’s bro
Guess, im done with the nb.
I'm happy with my life and I wouldn't have it any other way
am I the only one that watched Titan A.E. when I was kid
Director Ang Lee gives you the tools to transform his name into "Angel". But there is a catch...there is an extra "e". This sort of chaos is why The Hulk turned me off to not only comic books, but life as a whole as a young child.
I definitely don’t dress nice being back home.
Kansas City is 1-11 in their last 12 playoff games. 0-6 in their last 6 home playoff games.
Forgot my headsets .. gonna be a long journey
FORCE WITHOUT MASTER, HEED THE CALL OF MY STAFF OF DREAMS, AND BECOME MY POWER! S E C U R E !
Afterwards we left Armando to babysit so we could both go watch a movie lol
Club bouncer is the funniest job
Okay, real talk about Red Vox's song "From The Stars" The first time I heard the end part of the song Just the amount of power Vinny was putting into this part made me tear up. # r e d v ox # another light
Can't access old account. Can't create new one. e mail related to old account. Stupid.
don’t settle for anything less then what you deserve
OK HE IS LEGIT EVERYTHING I WANT IN A MAN! He smart and kind and caring and I feel sad e and comfortable with him
heart e I want to wake up do pet shop boys parecem músicas do livro da wizard bicho
i just listened to climax again my eyeballs are sweating
Live from 8th and Demonbreun, it's Saturday Night.
shitshitshithsithshit hsith now im back in atack the block like deep in this and i wanna cry and rewatch it but i already know everything and i can say all the lines and i just wANT ANO TH ER ON E
Life is stupid when all your friends look at you like the "last resort" type of friend
I love getting high and watching those oddly satisfying videos
WE’RE HAVING A BABY....well my best friend is but still! Congrats Em’s!!!!!!! #2018istheyearofendlessblessings # god mother of course # ill drink for the both of us
HEY, what’s up you guys, YES!
If y’all wanna bless me w/ some Morphe Brushes come thruuuuuuuuu
H.E.R. really does something to me
"alright, yeah great great....Get the fuck outta my face" # sat u r day screams LOVE that
If zoey suddenly goes missing tomorrow afternoon I know one things for sure, I didn't sneak her in my car and take her back to cap with me
Tell me what cha' know about me, W E B B I E
where is ashleigh can she not ghost i have no other friends
In your eyes I know I'm home.
Don’t try to make amends with me.
# L i b r a is more concerned with the "other" than themselves: i.e. lover, partner, kid, parent. They want to make sure everyone else is OK 1st.
When you get confused and over thinks, you don’t complain, instead you trust the process. Reminding thy self that you reach the destination by allowing Him to take the wheel.
She my best friend and my shawty too
I’m irritated now. I really can’t go back to sleep.
took the skin off ya dig...
Coffee coffee where art thou coffee? #Shakespeare Sunday # inspired #Coffee Addict
Fuck it I’m done disrespecting women it’s 2018 I’m about to be 17 can’t keep treating women like I do it’s not right .
That awkward moment when you hear something that kills you inside, but you have to act like you're fine.
fight for the things you love , no matter what...!
I don’t know much about makeup but I know for a fact y’all shit not suppose to be looking like that
i'm still searching for meaning in all of this
George soros was an SS nazi officer, he also funded & started Black lives Matter. It’s Controlled opposition G. “Protest all you want, just don’t tear up our towns & cities”.
i’ve been settling a lot lately but that shit stops today
You have enough rats in your life as it is.
love those hugs from you <3
I got the boredom right now
YES ZENDAYA TELL PHILLIP TO SUCK IT
My last week of leave. Lots of planning to do.
As black kids we are taught not to talk back, or question things or speak out. Leave that mentality in the olden days. Stand up for yourself, and question things that do not make sense to you.
please please p l e a s e be careful with my heart
What if I had never left Vegas
With the sun on my back it’s a nice day
Jason E - Flourish Playlist - I Am Blessed
RIEN / NOTHING January 07, 2018 at 07:46AM
My life is one big clusterfuck at the moment
i want to post something funny that i found but its too inappropriate for the young kids he r e hHhhahhHh
why am I even pulling for azura when I e pulled ..4 nini
Dealing with a heart that I didn’t break
you wanna act like a nigga, i'ma act like a nigga right along with you
9. Favourite fashion brand (posh-like. e.g. Gucci)
I wish I didn’t have to pretend
Trying to take a nap for a while.
i was watching <꙼̈ weekly idol >꙼̈ eps last night,, n i came to the conclusion that Black is wendys b e s t haⷡir color ! !
Morning yall, hope you all have great day
e re ke tlohelle. peele ke bua tse thata!!! let me go stock. Atleast Zille gave us a lea way to stock on sundays!!! empa omnye uzonya from the NEC!!!
all we do is chase you & then you wanna complain that we do “nothing” like bro wtf?
to clarify I DONT MIND I intend to draw all of these but ... god... I need to catch up
Y luego you and I, me and you, teminamo en la cama
I need to go to the stock show!
My boyfriend is l i t e r a l l y my bff. I have neverrrr been so in love and genuinely happy.
had so much sex last night, we good for about 3 more hours
My boyfriend really is my biggest blessing <33
good for you but sucks for me so pls shut up
you would think!!! ppl would assume double e's!!!! but nah its bc of that famous jackie gleason guy everyone assumes its spelled like him
in honor of new york’s bday i’m going to watch flavor of love
Wjy is sover twitter a thing. Wju can't twitter always be drunk twitter
i ain’t proud of da shit i do buh I gotta take pride in it.
8 - Perhaps even a 'modular' approach to switching to solar e.g. start with lighting/devices, then water heating, etc. to manage entry costs
This mawga stripper just come to me Bout if I want dance
don't call me a party pooper just for not wanting to sneak out at 2am just to go smoke & go to places i shouldn't be going
flirtaus gained 300k in 2 days the power of armys
Not drinking? I can leave with that
NYC is a beautiful place man
the workers at the wingstop in emeryville are fucking dumb asses and im gonna file a complaint to get free shit bc they got me fucked up
Ever since I been talking to The Most High motha fuccas been acting different
girl. you post so many selfies i cannot keep up. you also live in deleted tweets but- you have always been one of my favs and i’ve enjoyed following you lyy
"Like a thief in the night I'm coming for your heart I'm coming for your heart This time it's anything goes I guess I'm just a selfish ghost"
I gotta cut em off tho bc it's no sex 2k18
Avg Wind:13kts, Gust:17kts, Wave Height:0.4m, Wave Period:3s, Wind Dir:91 °(E), Gust Dir:93 °(E) at 07/01/2018 06:42:00
hey guys only 352 days til christmas
Avg Wind:16kts, Gust:31kts, Wind Dir:88 °(E), Gust Dir:54 °(NE), Water Temp:8.2 °C at 07/01/2018 06:42:00
Avg Wind:15kts, Gust:22kts, Wave Height:1m, Wind Dir:83 °(E), Gust Dir:109 °(E), Water Temp:9.4 °C at 07/01/2018 06:42:00
Avg Wind:22kts, Gust:26kts, Wind Dir:83 °(E), Gust Dir:83 °(E) at 07/01/2018 06:44:00
Water Temp:7.4 °C, Avg Wind:14kts, Wave Height:0.9m, Wave Period:4s, Gust Dir:91 °(E), Gust:20kts at 07/01/2018 06:44:00
Wish we can turn back time to the good old days
imlistening to music and i feel like im gonna faint w h e r e am i
All I hear is mi gente thru this whole neighborhood lol
i havent done my math activity and my psych project which are both due tomorrow lol
How Melanie was extra friendly with the guy that works at Lalo's Mexican antojitos
i peep shit & fall alllllllllllll the way tf FORWARD
Maybe I Crush On The Things I Cant Have
# Work out , make meaningless # Money , don't # Cat call .. Make # Women beg you for # Sex .
Cause I'm a fool such a fool for you
Drown me in lavender oil please
(Wave) SWELL: 0.7 ft at 10.5 s E / WIND WAVE: 3.0 ft at 4.8 s NE / WVHT: 3.3 ft / APD: 4.0 s / MWD: 45° / 1:30a EST
Holy hell that's a lot of delays Hopefully there won't be any more. Heyyy, big supportive hug before I go food shopping this afternoon.
but like i also think it’s jimin
Maybe I was meant to be single
Your heart ain’t meant for breaking
Thought this was gonna be a good year but it’s already off to a sad start. Rest In Peace to President Monson and Grandma Mota.
When your mom wants to do a G10 piggy back ride??
I would risk my whole life for oomf deadass
It makes my bday feel a little bit more special
Not having to set an alarm for the next day is one of the best feelings
I didn't think life would be like this
in life you go through chapters, undeniably. do not fear a change of chapter, and learn to accept the current chapter. everything is temporary and accepting that will comfort you when times are hard, and help you move on from the good times easier.
Ordered 4K UHD OLED TV and Xbox One X tonight # I ml o sing my mind
There be soo much negativity around you you don’t even notice it bro
when u get close to the end of a campaign u can’t save and ur laptop crashes IM
Off to MNL ro get my laptop
Why does Bright have such a bad rating?
I think I’m getting in my feels tonight before I sleep gn
I love the lyrics to Speak Up
SHAME SHAME SHAME #Elephant Rides #Begging Elephants #Humans Who Condone By Participation
This tweet is just a casual reminder to you all about my love for Jim Hopper..... aka the backbone of Stranger Things
Oh wow lots of discourse happened Just...gimme a sec
wanna be in the position where i know i never have to question anything.
it never gets easier, you just get better
Terminei the end of the f***ing world e: eu gostei real recomendo
i don't like going out... i just want a bf.
Its ironic how the song "O e batla kae" embarrasses me
"A good ass grab is good once in a while" - E
“I’m just poppin bitches now I’m in this cop caaarrr” I’m jokedd
Take your time & work me slowly
my ass is genuinely upset bc spencer watched a movie w out me :c
finally deactivated my fb account and messenger. IG next!
My mind grown but my heart still wants to be a kid
also uh more importantly where are th e fucking new ones for the boys i need 20th anni ace n sabo boob pads
God was truly with us tonight..!
I believe in forgiveness but it’s just certain shit that you just don’t do EVER!!! Period.
you follow so many ex oomfs it makes me wanna come to florida and knock your gay ass off. but i won’t. i’m glad we became friends again you are sweet to me. music taste kinda shit but we will work on that.
SHAME SHAME SHAME #Marine Parks #Swim With Captive Dolphins #Humans Who Visit These Places
it’s interesting to me that guys are just expected to do everything. like when have u seen a girl chase behind a guy before?
Hi can I just stop comparing myself to other girls I know i'm beautiful and blah blah blah yadayada but i'm not on their level of beauty and it makes me cryyyyyyyy ugh ahaha
how jada gon come back in the gc after not talking in it then block me?? n e ways i love yonni, chael & joy only, they never treat me like this
Stomach feels like it’s on Eand I’m tryna sleep
love is when you realize the person your wit isn’t perfect but it doesn’t even matter to you
One time my three roommate saw my show I think thy clapp e and said good job I think onv time I had someone in the crowd
I’ll pay for these headaches to go away
I'm yours tonight. Make it right. Baby just me there.
"Which is lighter, the sun or the earth?"
I could honestly listen to jazz all day, everyday!
Lolita, light of my life, fire of my loins. My sin, my soul. Lo-lee-ta
They gonna hate me for calling off tmrw again but ya boy real life sick
Just realized MilkNCooks came to my job a few months ago, and I’m just realizing it now.
Blue horizon, 923, 1310 mannnnnn them days are legendary
C- cathedral, jade bird E- e, jaden smith C- copycat, billie eilish E- electric, alina baraz, khalid
No buying. No selling. No carving. No poaching. # t we et 4 elephants
if i ever went to bed at night i probably wouldn’t be so damn tired during the day
“Remember, the shooter isn’t the boss”
Lord watch over my Panthers tomorrow
When a notification of someone going live pops up but you're in the middle of typing so you click on it by accident and join their live
im ready to fight anyone that’s about to try to put some negativity in my 2018
idk why but it freaks me out so much when i only ever see people smile. i could be around the same person for 10 minutes straight and all you see the whole time is teeth.
in line at the airport waiting to pick up my man and i’m so nervous idk why, i got fucking butterflies
A- a reason, willow M- miles, phillip phillips B- bare, wildes E- ever since new york, harry styles R- reverse, somekindawonderful
• description : them giving you a flower + chocolates + note in your locker !! yea very innocent thread again •
i just got shocked so hard when i turned off the light that the fire alarm went off for a second. i’m concerned.
Yesterday I tryed too go & have a good time but that’s wasn’t a good idea
#NP May D - E Dey Your Body #Jatt Radio #We Bleed Afrobeat
Is being a Demi fan popular now?
At night we were stained by dew, and shamed into pettiness by the innumerable silences of stars. T. E. Lawrence Seven Pillars of Wisdom (1922), ch. 1
No audience, no shows. No transports, no capture # t we et 4 dolphins
Apparently my dad doesn’t think “jackass” is a swear, and this is how I am now in the weirdest conversation I’ve ever had with my father.
can my whole being be abject
Kim and I started watching # Love sick earlier today. Cute Lil show lol.
i’m betting my nonexistent ass that it’s taejin. The both of them have to have a role somehow. And having only one killer will make the other choice nothing to the story?? There’s not enough time for another character story.
If I can get rid of these love handles by tomorrow than that would be amazing
J- jet black heart, 5sos E- empty, kevin abstract S- scars, james bay S- should’ve kissed you, chris brown I- idontwannabeyouanymore, billie eilish C- cruel, kacy hill A- all the burning lovers-demo, isaac gracie
Just remembered I poured myself a Baileys. Mwahahaha. Raided Mum's alcohol cabinet. Bloody born again teenager. Lol.
Wish me a safe journey and keep me in your prayers that God should bless me. I'm leaving Lusaka at 9 o'clock I'm going to Chelston
Its getting weird on how we together and now become stranger.
Every time I see ppl cry and I don’t, I always feel bitter and heartless asf lol
Should buy my mom a house in the burbs man , we can't live like this
Educate end users. No horns. No tusks. No animal entertainers
It's 6:44 am crawling back to Sleep
I’ve realized that no one will ever see what I see in this world we call home, I almost feel I have special eye goggles looking at this life of mine. It’s a hell of a trip that I never want to come down from.
Once a hoe always a hoe
I'm packing all these cute outfits and cute shoes for cap. But why? We both know it's gonna be leggings, a hoodie and uggs everyday
Never be afraid to lose toxic people or people who are not adding value to your life. Its for your own good
S- six feet under, billie eilish O- only shallow, maxence cyrin (its only piano but it’s absolutely beautiful) P- please come back to me, adam naas H- higher, keiynan lonsdale I- issues, julia michaels E- empty, olivia obrien
Raining bangtan bombs, I can smell CB?
I feel like Planet Earth being made available on Netflix really sped up marijuana becoming recreationally legal and generally more accepted in the U.S.
YALL. GEORGE ZIMMERMAN IS AT THE SAME BAR AS ME. WHAT THE FUCK DUDE
First Sunday of the new year. #GREATER2018 #CRC #CRC2K18 #THEPLACETOBE
◤G U I D E L I N E S
Ayeee Talon over here upset cause I'm downstairs doin Karaoke wit his muva lls
Cayde let out a high pitched screech.
i wanna be a tattoo artist but i can't draw for shit
y’all i lost in fortnite bc I’ve been laughing at Chris’s gamer tag for like 10 minutes
LNG long term contract; contractual downward quantity tolarence clause
knock em all down like dominoes
Dragons. How about investing in my textbook that you can call your friends with? I do take cheques.
AG: Really? Are you sure it wasn't sa8otage? I would suspect sa8otage if I was you.
Oh god! Some people need to close their legs!
"Get your stinking paws off me, you damned dirty ape!"___George Taylor **Charlton Heston** **Planet of the Apes** 1968
Jumped right off the porch and straight to the streets I went and got me some dough
ugh too much makeup on my face
Falcons lost the super bowl last year just so we could complete the revenge tour the same year UGA upsets Bama in the national championship. Just wait
A- answer, phantogram B- bored, billie eilish B- b, jaden smith E- empty, olivia obrien Y- yellow, cold play
I need to start going to church.
dramas make me crave for korean food so bad
We trusted the old man, he told us to get to kakairiko village, so we did, with a couple of stops along the way which we thought would help us get there. Those were the orders...
Every time i go out, i remember why i only go out occasionally
I'm about to get a dog
Loyal pussy is the best pussy
We have to discuss funding, profits, business climate, & entrepreneurship can look like a monster when u alone,the more the warmer
Thanks for the smile I'll be wearing today. :)
i just hope there's no comparing and useless fighting just have fun playing the games it ain't that deep
This N.E.R.D. album gives me life. Music is the most unfailing part of my life.
"Where two or more Are gathered in His name He is there, oh For all who come Who run to Him in faith He is there"♬♪ There is Power//Lincoln Brewster
Hey new Combiner Wars Imperial Assault
The connection sucks in this place
What you won’t do, someone else will
Niggas are sooo gay to me. They would hang with their niggas and go mia on they girlfriend. Tf y'all doing fucking
Monday is a killer. Die, Monday. Die !!!
I lowkey feel bad for changing bots but I ult Sebin and snuper was the second kpop group I got into and just they n e e d love
i’ll make more imagines tomorrow for all of y’all asking i love my fans
Ansel Elgort in baby driver oh my godddd I can’t
Go to the game NFS Paynack
There Were Once Burnt Out Stars And Dying Galaxies Under My Skin, But Your Love Brought My Universe Back To Life
I caught up w bsd . R e m a d e .
I was so upset yesterday when Jun(UKISS) choose Chan. HE SUPPOSED TO BE WITH HIS LEADER JUN(A.C.E)!!!!
Lol im desd not goin home shit crazy
My/Our Promise of the week from God: 1thess 5:24. He who calls you is faithful, who also will do it.
Need to keep reminding myself that I’m allowed to be upset and it’s not my fault when I get fucked over by ppl :<
What's one thing UK and UofL basketball have in common? They both don't have victories over top 25 teams.
the dudes who buy u a drink then don’t bother u the rest of the night are literally the best!
please touch it with your finger
Finesse has basically stayed stuck in my head since it dropped...Bruno and Cardi did THAT
i prefer to call my cat “Healthy” rather than “Hefty” because I think it is better for her self esteem. #Shit I Probably Shouldnt Tweet
Just realized that the phrase "the fuck I know" is the most acceptable, relatable and most decent answer of this century. E.g. what are you going to do with your baby mama?! "The fuck I know?!?"
I will make my parents proud.
When she stops fighting for you; that’s when you should be scared.
I hate when you go to work and they actually make you do stuff, wtf I didn’t sign up for this
I fuck w 2 ppl I work w & no one knows
My mom says I look 14
【定期】Cause my Emotion is Overheated, I'll follow the call and give you despair……ride! C.E.O. Yggdrasil !!
Honestly though I might end up getting Photo Plate E HAHAHAHA
sediment / （地学）(n.) 堆積物 ex) ESA detected sediments on Mars' nothern plains.
Berserk mode was designed for stomach fuckers
Imagine just laying down and falling asleep
Seahawks deny Packers to interview GM John Schneider for the same position. Packers could still interview but that would cost them some compensation
I think the lion in the “just starting out” players area.
Really wishing I could be cuddling with Nick while watching Netflix at 2:00 am
Honestly don’t know why I did my makeup if I didn’t even take pictures
we typing with periods now to show how depressed we truly are.
It’s krazy how wen u up mfers feel like you gotta look out for dem but wen u down not 1 gon lookout for u
One week more before back home. Hoho
Someone wake me up when it’s spring again
when i date somebody, iont even be tryna get to know they heart .. i be tryna get to know they soul
I came too far to stop now, I can't let a nigga get the best of me
THIS FANDOM IS OOZING WITH CREATIVITY THANK GOD I STAN THE RIGHT GROUP WITH THE RIGHT FANDOM
what does eRa pink even do
Just left marlow and men my shit tied asf
I want you to know that I like it real slow & whenever you ready you can slide off my clothes
And we danced all night to the best song ever
If one of u lovely people out there are trying to make me some real nice looking pancakes at two am then please do the world a favor and hmu
So I haven’t been going to twt lately but I’ve heard of this on fb Now I’m on twt, I’m very c o n f u s e d How do u even play #B T Soutcast D4
E-40 been coming on all day.
somebody put me on to some good music
i wanna face a blunt rn
I’m never going out when i’ve to be in work at 7 again and if I do I’m not getting as drunk as I was/am right now
You ever be casually showering and then realize the hair u shed and stuck on the wall kinda look like the Mona Lisa
i wish my day will spend well
This baby needs to come out already!!!
ILL PROTECT AKIRA WITH M YFUCKIN LIFE
And if my eye finds its way peeking through the keyhole...
I think about my future a lot
i'm so emotional right now, wow.
Like I'm done with that bs
Can’t sleep and no one to talk to
Drivers needed Urgently delivery drivers required . 10 hours duty . 160kd pay +10 kd mobile+fuel + car. Call:60493951. any visa can apply
A smart person knows what to say, a wise person knows whether to say it or not.
Had a very nice day today I missed these type of days
Lol N E V E R That Serious.
Welcome to Hell! Here’s your copy of Windows.
* le works on thread again before heading out * don't mind me ~
Got a fresh bowl and my headphones on so send me those # sound cloud links if you want your music heard! # hip hop # rap
Why look up at the stars when the biggest star is me.
Alex: Darrenatics thank you for coming!!!!!!! DARRENPasabog OnASAP2018
Fuck this im bout to get drunk
It's a skill you know, how you manage to make a photo of you taken from a good camera by a good photographer look cheap. #Oh Yes I Did # spread hate
alexa how do u kill urself without upsetting ur family n friends asking for a m9
I can see myself na after 10 years huhu
Wow y’all just couldn’t leave some of the petty in 2017 smh it’s gonna be a long year
I’ll save you the 20-minute lecture and sum it up here: ignorance.
bro reading comments be having me dead asf
# b b c cricket cricketers need Test experience to come good. Daft if England keep dropping e.g. Vince, Stoneman after 5 tests. Instead continue with them, invest in them, give them time, coach and encourage them to grow into the long form of the game.
ISTG THIS FANDOM IS SO EXTRA. YOU ALL COME UP WITH THE BEST MEMES I AM LIVING FOR ALL OF THIS.
Your heart don't mean shit.....If you don't use it
i love all these interactive twitter mystery games other kpop fandoms are playing
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter. ― E.E. Cummings # quotes
Do you think the snowbirds who went to Florida to escape winter weather should get a refund?
I only water my plants with Fiji water, in order to maintain the A E S T H E T I C
unit composed of cost control engineers, technical office engineers, cost clerks/encoders in periodical cost reporting and evaluation i.e. daily, weekly and monthly reports. •Lead the Projects Cost Control Unit in the preparation of terminal cost reports upon completion of
Why do ppl who KNOW I don’t fuck with them try to talk to me when they see me in person. I’m not going to act like I like you
Will you still love me tomorrow?
You can't handle the truth if you refuse to believe what they keep showing/telling you over and over! # listen up # pay attention #M.E.
That would go down as the worst night of my life
How can i be a dog? How can i be coco? I want to be with Youngjae TT
Dispute Front St E & Derby St [51 Div.] 01/07 01:29 #Front_Street_East # Toronto
Y’all I finally watched coco and I feel so heartless because everybody cried but I didn’t
I'm in the mood now. I got love on my mind.
omg i saw a baejin set im tempted
alexa why do chaucer, dickens and brontë continue to ruin my life thankyuuuuuuh
Aww Markel unfollowed me I knew I shouldn’t have tweeted dumb shit
SOME OF YALL BITCHES MAKE ME LAUGH LMAOOOO
I need different dead for everybody
Whiskey and coke doesn't cure wanting to jump off a cliff, FYI
Watching flavor of love on Hulu
I would like to move but the opportunities here for me are better then most
▸c1384 Bible (Wycliffite, E.V.) (Douce 369(2)) (1850) Dan. xii. 7 For in to tyme, and tymys, and the half of tyme [L. in tempus, et tempora, et dimidium temporis].
#Saturday Screams making even more fun of his big chin. love that scene
Why tf am I still up haha
I hate when teachers be like “the Bell don’t dismiss you, i do” nigga if youon get yo bitch ass out the way
we can get over everything except memories
my parents are really gonna support my plan of working abroad, i love this. i need to work hard and fast to make thing quick
I have to get into training mode because it’s crunch time
I’m going to install reverse bright lights in my car [when I buy one] for all those idiots who abuse their brights. Nishayelisana kab’hlungu. Ngiku-flash(e) uthi sa. Nx.
I don’t need a nigga , your a want I want u around know the deference .
I need a black purse man
Play me some music & Pour me some wine
lowkey wanna sell my love yourself e version album soni can buy wanna one albums huhu
we don't talk about it it's something we don't do cause once you go without it nothing else will do
assistindo the end of the fucking world e AAAAAAAAAA
Thomas started talking about work and now I’m stressed out
Austin Home of Missio & BeardBrand Hop,e of my heart.
My mind is all over the place tonight
What gives people the confidence to offer unsolicited criticism and how can we squash that? a TER Talk.
am i not looking hard enough or is finding edibles hard?
E-40 Feat. Youngboy & Yo Gotti - Straight Out The Dirt
bighit knows the camera work is shitty so they film their own instead
GOD DAMN. Just sugar coat things and tell me I’m pretty, that’s what I go to you for!!!!!!!!!!
Vacation was fun but nothing like being home in your bed with your cats.
All businesses make money.all of yous are welcome. Im looking at a max of 10... inbox to secure your seat.
Need someone who gone actually care and be concerned
That's over 117 degrees F, 'mericans.
Cl. 2(b) of the bill defines talaq as:- (b) "talaq" means talaq-e-biddat or any other similar form of talaq having the effect of instantaneous and irrevocable divorce pronounced by a Muslim husband;
I Take Shit Personal , So Watch How You Talk & Handle Me
Brah my son be lovin Hercules
Required lady staff for telemarketing Speaking fluently Arabic and writing Partime or fulltime Contact WhatsApp. Send your cv. 51143659
exactly why i don’t fuck with bitches
does anyone know where i can watch coco for fr*e?
Roll up or roll into bed ? Hmm
My cousin I’m a younger her I’m dead
can't tell if i'm crushing on this girl or if i just like the idea of crushing on this girl
"I'm rare." "I have T E N fingers." "Five on each hand."
You make the simple moments last for a lifetime
Deadly E. Coli Hiding in Romaine Lettuce Means Eating Salad Could Now Kill You
Im in my Mum's car broom broom
Ol girl PJ dipped on us too she was hilarious af
I used to be so ungrateful it’s crazyy
Emphasize what makes you feel alive, guuuuuyyyyssss
They ran out of my favorite candy. So I had to go out a buy a new kind. Heard it was sweet. Not bitter, my kind of candy.
can drunk people in public shut the fuck up thanks
You know you old AF when you look forward to the coupon & sales ads tah drop for the week #Run Me My Coins
and like. i know a lot of us struggle socially and with how we see ourselves and stuff but y'all are the coolest people i have ever met e v e r okay
I'm not obsessed with Overwatch. It's just the Game of The Year
Back on uk soil # home time # cant wait
Headed to Mobile next week haven’t been there in years
Yea I smoke weed W - Beat my wife E - E - D -
obrigada eminem e rihanna por monster e love the way you lie
Why won’t this cold go away
im really just chilling and all you hoes are still going out of yalls way in 2018 tryna make yourselves relevant
eye went hard AF today. eye whooped today's ass. time 2 part E ? ¤
What consumers should know about the romaine lettuce-linked E. coli outbreak
Everything is changing and I feel more isolated than ever.
need help picking a flavor for my juice!!! S O S
when you fall inlove with somebody personality, everything about them is A1 ..
78. RELATIVE STRANGERS by Paula Garner, because her debut was so damn good I will read whatever she writes next, and that includes 79. her coauthored third book, STARWORLD, with another fave, Audrey Coulthurst.
Just knowing I don’t gotta get up for work tomorrow is such a good feeling
I hit 1.9k on snap today i noticed . All from tinder LMAO
I wanna cut my hair so bad lol
DON’T PLAY MIND GAMES. DON’T PLAY MIND GAMES. DON’T PLAY MIND GAMES. DON’T PLAY MIND GAMES. DON’T PLAY MIND GAMES. DON’T PLAY MIND GAMES.
Will go to OC laterr, Therapy then Gym. lavvaaann!
1:37 early Sunday.. for some this is Church Day.. For others, the sun is what they worship.. Freedom to all sides Hallelujah
Can’t wait to get home today !! Hate the travelling part of a holiday :/
No e jugado fortnite pero tiene un cojon de hype around it so might give it a try
there's a HUGE difference between a bop, a jam, and a banger
This is d down fall of Liverpool, pls count it from now!!
WHY ARE THEY DROPPING BANGTAN BOMBS OUT OF NOWHERE
One day closer! Thank you God!
OK SO i made it look like i was walking away right like let him think he won this battle ok BUT NO LIL HOE i literally SPIN AROUND AND FACE HIM AND Y E L L
One day ever just be like fuck it my life is the life.
as you set your GOALS for 2018, remember Proverbs 16:3, “commit to the Lord whatever you do, and your plans will succeed.”✞
you stan legends ngl. cardi is really your girl and i enjoy seeing your teeets. we have had some MESSY moments girl. i’m glad we are mutuals bc you are super nice.
I hate when someone I love is hurting especially when I can’t do anything about it :(
It’s 1:38 am and I just remembered that I was once a very active member of the onceler fandom
Sometimes you have to delete that thread in ur phone and move on forever Eva
i like those posts where they show all the hot females from old shows i watched as a kid because i remember r e a l l y liking them then and not know why and now its like ur gay son lol
I want to be strong like Raven tbh
No Big E or Christina smh
G was talking about that woman so bad
One day imma stop waiting until the last minute to pack...only reason why it’s getting done now is cause I wanna go to ihop
Any Republicans who wouldn’t comply are NOT Republicans. They’re Democrats pretending to be Republicans. We call them RINOs. Sure tells us the voter rolls are corrupt. We already know Democrats are corrupt
hayyysss.beri wronggg. shouldn't have opened it.
Family Night was a S U C C E S S
IM ABOUT TO KICK PHILLIP’S FUCKING ASS HE DID NOT JUST LET GO OF ZENDAYA’S HAND CAUSE OF SOMEONE WHISPERING
*insert high pitched anxiety induced screaming here*
That food really made my day especially since I ain’t have to pay for it
the vigil for jonghyun in dallas was great, im feeling better now
I could really use some Birria with cilantro & onions
One day love will arrive at your door and will have the right address
We will be having our kick off into 18 this coming Friday at the Hilton Hotel in Cape Town.Aspiring bosses & Bosses,come lets.
Lmaooolike what are the fuckin odds
YOU CANT WAIT TO FALL IN LOVEEEEE WITH MEEEEE THIS JUST CANT BE SUMMERRR LOVEEE YOU SEE THIS JUST CANT BE SUMMER LOVE L-O-V-E
I don’t want anything from the future. Nothing.
I used to spend so much time thinking that if I wasn’t with my friends they would talk shit about me then I realized if I’m worrying about that then I don’t want them to be my friends and now I sleep really good at night.
Kneecaps. I remember when all our demands are met.
mano the end of the fucking world é muito bom
LMFAOOOOOOOOO I’m done with these dumbass people
It's weird having to party sober
all you who use/have E B T just know you’re putting yourself in D E B T. that goes to my family also. don’t fall for that scam
Always wear your smile! Have a blessed Sunday!
reading problematic antis' tweets make me want to puke. ew the fakeness
I’ve got friends in low places.
Calmly [if thats even a word] ?
a.c.e will always be ot5 ok no one can tell me otherwise
They did now 'bout the ending
Tell me who your friends are, and I will tell you who you are. Legit
I’m convinced that I should dye my hair black again
Have you seen how lazy I am? Seriously. There are MUCH better role models out there for you to hero-worship.
ruvilla’s winter sale is thee devil.
I don’t even know who I can trust anymore.
where is Shari when i need her
I have a issue ! My mouth is horrible I say w.e Nd don’t be caring
Somebody rip my heart out and leave me here to bleed
i love marco [H A N G U L O V E R S D O N T I N T E R A C T]
The cost of living in Cali is ridiculous you can live in Ohio making 75k a year and live with no worries but in Cali your probably struggling
Ann's rethinking her life choices and i was like the whole time. Loool
How can someone so far away make you sooo happy!
Yeah I Ride The Five So I’m Bleedin The 5th, Oops...I Meant To Say Pleadin The 5th
laying here watching 50 shades Darker ...
How the fuck am I gonna open a shop in 3 hours.
i always wake up to 30 snaps but they all streaks
Goal ko gid this 2018 nga dmo ko mlagawan with my friends , my family and my love more adventure
I never changed. I just learned that not all friends I have are worth keeping. I learned to distance myself from drama and unhealthy kind of friendship.
#Now Playing L e cra e by L e cra e - Bl e ssings ft. Ty Dolla $ign # e 3 radio # good music # l g b t #qu e e r radio don e right
If someone doesn’t have any problem with disrespecting you, you shouldn’t have any problem with letting them go.
I've just done it a fourth time, H E L P M E E S C A P E T H I S H E L L
Your love so deep is washing over me Your face is all I seek, You are my everything Jesus Christ, You are my one desire Lord, hear my only cry, to know You all my life
Still got knives in my back
"You know something, you need to brush your teeth every now-and-then, or at least have a Listerine Pocket Pack on you."
“Why aren’t you out on a Saturday night?” Oh I’m just counting money in my bedroom lol.
After months of long talk and persuading, my mom finally allows me to travel and attend the elyxion. Yay, such a good news. See you in a few months exo.
Phone so dry I opened the same app 3 times on accident
What I really love is watching the Bachelor and seeing which women contoured more than just their faces lol
use how i feel about this show
Look for someone who knows how to quiet the storm within you
#My New Netflix Series Repeat Offenders: Binge Watchers (It follows the lives of those who binge watch shows multiple times. The family and friends of the binger comment and plead for the binger to get a social life.)
preciso mt da season 2 por favor netflix cancela 13rw e renova teotfw
Iwanted t o empty those drawrs, it was pecking my head in removal need of life, clearing a life of fallacy, i an't stand them beingther,e I am a bit weird like that, workloads, i have to remove them
Ive never broken a phone before damn i lost my phone virginity
I played Disco T*ts at Ambar’s and she was shaking her head to the beat... my mission in life is complete
jun from a.c.e is making me ... feel things
but hey, i know she loves you alot so i'll back off for the sake of her. i don't want to see her cry when you leave her. i'd rather lose a friendship with dignity.
I’m just trying to go out and be aggressively single, ya feel me?
If I didn’t wake up tmmrw I’d be cool wit it
Get in now! Soon is 50!
you dictate your girl so much, you think you own her.
Amazon Has A Patent For A Mirror Where You Can Try On Clothes Virtually
if we ain’t cool no more that’s on you !!!!
Going through all these old pics on Twitter got me all in my feels
your boyfriend is a fucking piece of shit.
Ain't no facade, no cap in my raps everything that I say is the real me
every time get stupid plays , nickolas always gotta dance & its the funniest thing
Jesus, help me to be more like You every single day of my life. Amen.
"Dig a well before you become thirsty"
Bro I'm tryna go to Disneyland
The worst part about not having a boyfriend is not being able to send random cute pics of me in my lingerie cause boy i look fine
And you can bet I'll BRB for some more S-E-X ASAP
Wasn’t that the whole fucking point of this relationship to being with......?
It’s 2018, can guys now stop acting like snapchat is the only form of communication? yes thanks
People I'm trying to pass my paper here so I would appreciate if you can reduce the volume of your voice
Chase a bag all 2018, don’t let shit stay in the way
So, this is my life. And I want you to know that I am both happy and sad and I'm still trying to figure out how that could be.
A double thick strawberry milkshake would be lovely
It's kinda like He wants to take care of everyone, but nobody wants to take care of Him
i hope the next comeback really drops early february the anticipation is killing me i cant wait any longer
CAD:FYI: ;AUTO ACCIDENT PROPERTY DAMAGE;SELM;335 US HWY 70 E;S POLLOCK ST;RICKS RD
Oooooohhhhhhh I’m up now feeling real good yeah I’m up noooowww
What’s the tea friends my DMs are open for gossip
Why is highschool musical actually so cringy to me now.
Whose ready to lose 20lbs in 20 days??? Comment “ME” Below for More Info
D to the E to the T to the O to the hold it!... X.
“To be nobody-but-yourself — in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else — means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight.” E E Cummings
They say I’m bipolar, say I’m indecisive; so muhthafuckin’ what, I know some btches that like it
So you can come to me whenever you’re upset but I can’t go to you? Okay cool.
What is it going to take for a guy like me to get a girl like you ?
I hope your hypocritical, manipulative, abuse ass gets what you deserve because I’ve never been so disgusted with you.
No ar: Nico e Vinz - Am I Wrong
and what if min yoongi is the outcast?
You make me see the truth in things, i think that you are
Baby I hope you ain’t like the rest..:/
I kinda came out to my dad in a way and he calmy said “mañana hablamos hijo” i love him soo much
today was honestly a great day and I’m surprised. blessed by the gods yo
DIABLO CAN MAKE A BOOTLEG LEGAL
So I sat next to an Oprah look alike on the plane
Would've been nice if rams won the 1st round of playoffs but they'll come back next season # g o r a m s
"What I am is the harsher side of Justice /and/ justice."
Bologna don’t got no e sounding in it
I'm even proud I got as far as a super rough sketch, I have so little motivation to even do that. e.e
The Domba Empowerment system is back and bigger in 2018!! Entrepreneurs like this status!
How're you dark brown and using the same concealer as me? What am I supposed to use? White?
identify and grow opportunities within territory Job Qualification: •Saudi Nationals ONLY are welcomed to apply •Proven work experience (not less than 4 years) as an Account Manager or relevant role •Solid experience with ICT in general (e.g. Networking, Security, Datacenter
initiatives to internal and external stakeholders •Develop new business with existing clients and/or identify areas of improvement to meet sales quotas •Forecast and track key account metrics (e.g. quarterly sales results and annual forecasts) •Collaborate with sales team to
i’ve been following you for almost a year and you only followed back because i gave you free follows nnnn. but you gave me a nicki notice so what’s good?? one of my favorite nicki stans and mutuals in general.
There’s a difference between holding your own and straight up being a bitch
I wanted to know how you're doing.. If you're broken or fine, happy or sad.. I wanted to know everything.
hey... enclosed grand dad... i know your probably reading this. So you know whos a cool person? The grand dad reading this.
I'm sick and tired of being second place
"You Should Be Here" by Cole Swindell has me missing people that I haven't even lost yet
My nigga zack came out so you know we going nuts
I forever got me ion need you mfs & that’s on Andy
imma start anne with an e i think
Both Of My Phones Went Off At The Same Time While It Was Quiet I Damn Near Had A Heart Attack
I don't wanna win the argument, you can say w/e as long as you leave my ass alone
Like being back home in Phoenix, hate the city noise I hear at night/mornings tho that’s a con of living downtown ig
Omg none of my friends are in the fandom and I have no one to talk to about all this drama that's been going on with Talyn and the contest and its so frustrating
It’s a shame I don’t care anymore!
I’ll just e some left over tuna salad from last night
"But I'm so fake happy I feel so fake happy"
Just because everybody doesn’t like me, doesn’t mean I can’t be my awesome self. Agape love’s in my heart anyway. I John 4:8
I want an ice cream donut sandwich
I overthink e v e r y t h i n g
Trump's Vote Fraud Panel Won't Give Voter Information To Homeland Security. WHY NOT? Too many illegals?
A greasy breakfast is a good way to start your day
Gesell l l l ll l l e ll l
I dislike travelling for over 12hours by myself, I'm so tired, I just want to sleep.
giving your heart to the right people can be so scary but insanely rewarding
With 140M in hand, IMO Liverpool football club should reinvest the money in the correct manner i.e buy Southampton Football club.
Mood : B R E E Z Y
When you start slacking you start limiting your chances at success
i want to be a kid f o r e v e r
Im on the switch is $250 i just wanna watch Car Boys is today, im not sure if its possible/how to do it.
Where does lying get you guys
Reasons Muppets From Space was the last great Muppets movie: 1) its delightfully a movie of its time (1999) e.g cameos from Joey & Pacey, and Sam the Eagle disapproving of midriffs 2) All the celebrities are evil 3) largely funk soundtrack
My bf and I are planning a trip to Cali in the summer ahhh so exciting
Come here lil bitch talk that shit to me.. yo friend want a nigga too, they can both get me
Im in love with my own sins
This is bad im sorry but i've had this tweet on my mind since Tuesday ever since I've read that she allowed Cu to marry her daughter AND fuck her
nobody ever told how much it hurts to get ur heart broken by the one person u love the most.
Niggas will do you dirty all day and then have an attitude over their own bullshit but yet you the first one and the ONLY one to apologize...
my icon and header aren't in sync and it's bothering me so much but i love that picture of jihope so whatever
yall be on social media kappin lika a bih
Leave……………………………………………………………..E Payments of HMO coverage for dependent children, 17.11 death of, 12.8B
Relationship status: Going to bed with a heating blanket.
Never give up on anybody. Hubert H. Humphrey
A sad weekend for Liverpool fans Coutinho is gone
how am i supposed to have a baby when i cry when i get a migraine????
I’m real deal in my bag
Had to unzip my onesie baby girl wasn’t feeling the tightness on my stomach
I wish face tattoos wouldn’t mess up a future career cause they’d be cool as shit to get
Lolol I hate how small of a world Utah can be.
these are the barbarians Obama/Hillary empowered. Are we supposed to sweep that little fact under the rug? #Iran Deal
♪Sing with me a song of silence and blood, the rain falls, but can't wash away the mud♪
broken down truck has been removed traffic is plying normal now at Link road towards Super High way please drive carefully staff is present and managing. TRAFFIC AWARENESS AND SOCIAL MEDIA UNIT DIG TRAFFIC KARACHI.
Fundraising to raise Rwf86 to pay off the loan and Rwf14 to purchase the ICT equipment, you are all invited to participate and you will be blessed Gen: 14:14
Where are those “strangers” that D.A.R.E said was gonna offer me mad drugs at ?
Street bud should have got #1 #The Rap Game
“Y’all e sarah” ok sure it’s been so ducking long god know what we’re talking about
I was so upset today because my night didn't go as planned but everything turned out okay at the end
Feel like chugging a whole bottle of Hennessy
e_e ) Ambient environment # re verb at # Real t e k is sometimes set Parking
I meant It when I said I love you. That’s whats driving me crazy
Shilpa Shinde to haters when they dig her past & alleges her unnecessarily "Hum dua bhi de toh lage hain gaali! Aapka kya hoga janab-e-ali " Haters gonna hate. And Shilpians gonna love her #BB11
Stressed about things i shouldn't even be stressing about.
77. AMERICAN PANDA by Gloria Chao - even if I hadn't been interested in it since the dawn of time, the raves about this book are just...yes, I need it.
This might sound dumb but i ain’t know g easy was white
Take my hand, come with me
Somebody always tellin me to be fuckin nice I AM NICE!
Oh my gosh I am so exhausted rn
Emotionally d e t a c h e d.
I miss my green hair lol
Page and I will be sitting next to each other and share tsweets via dm
i just wanna cry right now .. my whole fucking life sucks i stg
Like a million things have gone wrong and we’re only a week into 2018... bodes well huh
Anyone selling a worn pair of size 10.5 off white prestos
DIABLO IS A PIRATE WITH DEVELOPER ACTIVATION TOOLS FOR ALL SYSTEMS
ᴄʜᴇғ Y O U 🄶🄾🅃 c o l e s l a w o n my ⓐⓓⓘⓓⓐⓢ
What will be d faith of Liverpool
Lights an "unworthy" hero on fire.
Mandel drops out of Ohio Senate race vs. Sherrod Brown. The Tea Party needs to find a CONSERVATIVE & PATRIOT to challenge Sherrod Brown. Time is of the essence.
one of my favs honestly. YOU. ARE. A. FUCKING. GODDESS. i swear you are so pretty and your selfies always leave me with little to no hair. you are horrible at texting back but still a good friend.
bob dylan wrote wagon wheel, not some dude at uga
IM REALLY PRAYING BUT TOMORROW I MIGHT HAVE MY THIRD DRIVING LESSON AND MIGHT GO GOKARTING SO IM P U M P E D
"Somebody Touched My S P A G E T."
AZARIA HAS ME SO DEAD RIGHT NOW
If you're going through hell, keep going.
Bae FaceTimed me randomly today with the biggest smile on his face and said “i missed your beautiful face” and my heart melted
"I've been to jail many times, seven attempted murders-- nothing big." W H A T D O Y O U M E A N
Giannis Antetokounmpo's current league ranks: PPG - 2nd FG% - 12th RPG - 9th APG - 28th STL - 12th BLK - 13th EFF - 2nd BPM - 5th WS - 3rd How do you spell MVP in Greek?
all we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us - gandalf
Somebody said “vegetable juice is so good”bitch i never heard nobody say “ i gotta go to the store & get me some of that broccoli juice”
The harder you laugh, the better. and this goes for ... mostly everything.
Some girls think having a stank attitude is badass and cute but it’s actually lame and ugly af
A yawn is a silent scream for coffee
anyone wanna go get a tattoo cause i sorta kinda need (want) one lol
I'd rather be anything but ordinary, please
#We Broke Up Because She suggested we start attending Church Together.
my heart just broke a little bit
Why do I want to go Coachella this year you ask? Los Ángeles Azules duh!
I just dnt like it when these two buddies are really really tight all of a sudden!
Have this love and hate relationship with humans
A whole different kind of perversion.
Tiki did a great job this week with Bri. She was hyping her up the whole time. she deserved a thank you #The Rap Game
Would’ve Thought I Hit A 3 The Way I’m Throw’N Up Bs
When you don’t reply back so they call you 1 min after they just texted you
My mom has been eating so well & been on the treadmill every day since New Years, while my ass is eating icecream & cheetos. I’m beyond upset lmao
i love talking to new people
when wonho and kihyun finds that perfect song for them to cover is the day i d*e
Bought a pound just to smoke it
I am falling in love with a person that’s falling in love with me and I’m enjoying every second
Fuck that b.s I'm not letting people walk over me in 2018
I hate going out I rather be en mi casa enjoying self peace
if ur nic e to me i have a crush on u
Got foundation samples that don't match your skin? Don’t pitch them—mix them with lip gloss or lip balm to make nude lip color!
IN FACT DIABLO HAS NEVER PAID BILL GATES FOR HIS OPERATING SYSTEMS
Should be sleep right now so I can get up for church tomorrow.
76. FINAL DRAFT by Riley Redgate, which sounds so, so much like the book I needed in high school when I gave way too much credence to the wrong people's opinions and approval. (Also, instabuy author.)
Somebody please give Mia a singing career
I was just thinking about the whole karasuno cast lol :(
Can't tell if people are copying and pasting the twitter follower thing or they are retarded and clicked it
Thug niggas don't live that long before they're grown they'll be dead and gone but I'll be waiting till they come back home
Honestly the moment you stop feeling sorry for yourself, self-loathing, playing victim & finding excuses all the time; your life will instantly take a turn for the better Take charge.
i need to start being petty on sc lol
Chase after the dream. Don’t chase after the money.
Featuring Dante from the Devil May Cry Series & Knuckles
I have such an amazing girlfriend
I’m scared to do a lot of the things I really want to do . Does anyone else have that problem
millions of stars in the sky but all i wanna do is stare into your eyes
Kicked about like snuff at a wake. O'Callaghan on his last legs. And Madame. Twenty past eleven. Up. Mrs Fleming is in to clean. Doing her hair, humming. voglio e non vorrei. No. vorrei e non.
Me, dancing: sorry guys i’m a waste of timEeEeeEe !!! The tea is i’m not worth fighting fOooODrRrR bc i’m some whiny fuck xddd e-i-e-i-o
this boy dumb asf im leaving
I wanna d*e my mood dropped so QUICK
-Overview- Ledian is totally outclassed and cannot merit a slot on any serious team
with up so floating many bells down; thy unimaginable wings beyond any experience
Range: Melee Target: 2 adjacent enemies Attack: Cha vs. Will Hit: 5d8 + Int modifier fire damage, and the target is petrified until end of the encounter
Why does bighit have to supposedly drop tour tickets right after I spend all my savings on a vacation
NO DIABLO DON'T LIKE BILL GATES
I went to the boiling crab w my man & he was breaking open the crab for me & feeding me
my messiest mutual. i swear you are blocked by half of twitter. your tweets make me laugh but i can’t rt them because i’m pretty sure they will either offend/piss off half of my tl. and girl stop inflating her sales. bitch.
HI HELLO THE GREATEST SHOWMAN WAS A MASTERPIECE
Some one juice me to 200 followers
If you don’t care you don’t get hurt and if you don’t love you don’t get attached
Long time 3an alask yala ask me
i have multiple guys to go for but idk which one i should go for
Thanks for all of you have a grape day!
#The Four is actually not that bad.
I didn't realize until Bailey mentioned it that Tomorrowland has gotten rid of their Star Wars menu and I am bitterly upset, I loved the supposedly-ewok-themed quinoa wrap and the bright green light side lemonade
Bih want some ransom, she say I'm handsome
the thing maya just sent me,, i need that picture of scarred chuck e cheese
“Strength comes from experience. That’s true on any planet.”
Championing Oklahoma Megalopolis, the skill of Suffragist twosome him with cardinal the definition of international trade selected Each-Celestial in ward A.e. Westbrook and onward Saul Martyr. The Roar traded representing both Martyr and Suffragist this offseason...
I kill my enemies with my horn
There’s hardly ever a reason to fight or beef with some1 oneluv2k18
damn, I have a big head
i Just feel like ima act ignorant this go round with this piercings
currently feeling sick but I WILL GO TO CHURCH IN THE MORNING IN JESUS NAME
*trying to think of song ideas* How about a Snow Halation clone bitches love Snow Halation
Took that pretty private jet to California just to see a playoff game! Oh, and to say hi to the Comm. Roger Goodell! Humm..
First you say you wont , then you say you will <3 <3
At N.E.M The Brand I offer waxing, sugaring, makeup & more to come! # S kin # W ax in g # Make up # Sugar in g # S kin Care
I've been working so hard this break ....I owe myself a nice night out
Im gunna wear a two piece bikini this summer just wait on it
holy fuck i was way ahead of my time
“We're L-O-V-E-L-E-S-S Generation L-O-V-E-L-E-S-S Generation All fuckin' with our lover's heads Generation”
Shorty really playing, it’s w.e there’s more bitches in this town
Pero you know what, I’ll accept the longest possible week I can get. Ayaw ko pang bumalik ng schoooool
I could never be evil hearted it ain’t in me
so i just saw coco andddddd its a beautiful movie
so all the ladies want me, but none the ladies have me.
For all you #PUBG players, Just a friendly tip to not enter a house that hasn’t spawned in yet.
Rei-nee, look! this magazine shows clothes that will definitely looks good on you!
lrt if zac efron is only an inch taller than me i can fuckin take him
(Yeah, I'm a pile of bones. Whose bones? Cow's bones.)
It’s 12:32AM and I’m hungry asf
Who want come do 5am workouts with me
Love a nigga who ain't scared to put his face in it
People being killed by the hundreds by their government- government we’re tied to as an ally- and our fucking President still can’t stop talking about himself.
#Dn Dventures: Tank (Draxxys) chased Doppelganger an it took his form. Threatened his goblin Gimp/slave/toy. He probably d-e-d: ded. Draxxys is sad as hell #RIP
army’s and exo-l’s arguing in threads over this au. me over in the corner eating sandwiches bc i stan both groups and they’re entertaining.
My sleep pattern has a mind of its own and I’m NOT here for it. Lol
me and my best friend are 15 and we’re going to Chuck E Cheese tomorrow and we’ve never been happier.....
ALRIGHT BOIS LOOKS LIKE ITS AN ALL NIGHTER TONIGHT
Then again, why am I expecting people to be up now?
so i guess i don't wanna finish that hot toriel mix after all if i wanna reuse some of those assets
My 75 Y. O. Tita trying to get people to dance at her surprise party: "Put some reggae or soca on!"
gfriend's rough is the dance where one loses their shoes E.V.E.R.Y.T.I.M.E. i'd be able to start a shoe shop if i collect it :')
update i only puked twice today and managed to eat a little bit of mac an cheese this morning so i think im getting better
i ne e d to stop listening to him rn bc its gonna make me way more sad but im in such a bowie mood grr
when i lost you, i lost a piece of me too .. that i would never get back.
damn 15 year old me was snappin
these GTAV hiest be on some fucking BS
what have i done to have youuu
I just wanna tell you how much I love you.
Lindsey Lohan as Batgirl? HELL NOOOOOOOOO.
#SEVENTEEN I will bless ur feed The8 stans --- MINGHAOOOO I MISS YOU~
bro my little cousin is mad annoying i’ll be talking about my dog and she’s like “my dog died” .... LIKE OKAY? i’m talking about M E.
alyssa: *puts out hand* james: *goes to take alyssas hand with his impaired hand* alyssa: no, not the weird one.
I want it to be next Saturday all ready! Philadelphia, let’s fly!!!!
Fav to come though and hang with the boys
Just wrote a part of verse
i can be so dumb sometimes i’m shook
i get so lonely i forget what i'm worth, we get so lonely we pretend that it's worse
THERE IS A REASON. Obama left behind a bunch of spies, intent on undermining or destroying President Trump. Many are STILL there thanks to Schumer & McConnell slow walking EVERY appointee. Obama is a VERY evil & devious guy, even worse than Bill Clinton who was also graceless
I wanna be the first person in history to get head on the moon
Damn I slick just missed out on a easy $1,000 I’m fuckin up big time !
Who plays D.va, and what your fav skin
"I am terrified by this dark thing that sleeps in me"
QUANTITY SURVEYOR (M&E / CSA) - IN IRELAND AND EUROPE.. Read More here.....
organic chemistry is enough for the mental masturbation
Phuck Filly And literally every sports team in that god forsaken hell hole
Motherfucking Spider Man Spider Man you put in the time fuck put in the time build shit with his bare hands fucking best friend shit Jesse E
it’s 12:31 am and i’m debating on shooting my shot
If bighit really is about to drop something.........
75. LA VIE EN ROSIE by Stephanie Kate Strohm, because she is currently my #1 YA Rom Com instabuy author and it's a foodie book! Set in Paris!! At culinary school!!!
When you come up from the bottom, you’ll always have those people that are surprised and mad because they treated you like mierda.
I’m sorry to say that [r e d a c t e d] can still get it in the year 2018
Having a beer with my dad never goes out of style
I act like a Nigga, I smoking a blunt and listening to trap music
Extremely confused why my haters follow me on instagram and like my pics but hate me
I missed Thor so much today
I love it when I hear lyrics that apply to my current situation.
Got this tight ass onesie on...
Ok it’s me bed time I have to be up in 4 hours
I'm still watching food videos but goodnight
I heard that niggas never change cause they too stuck in they ways who am I to fucking blame them
Every time I sit in Mabel i try to figure out what it was like 1989... until then may the Eazy E play and may my dreams of a Jheri curl and Dayton’s for my ride ensue
Yeah that's word to the millions they've been putting out
Money will end up buying me happiness
babyyyy. another one of my close friends. you always make me laugh uncontrollably when you don’t even mean to. you are gorgeous and i miss you.
When mentally exhausted....take a break get away free yourself
Converting 12 songs incl. "Anitra's Dance (E.Grieg)" (Paul Mauriat) into WAV with #KORG #Audio Gate
*being cradled* “lol u carried me like this last time I was here ” Bouncer: wait that was u! ....
Love it when I’m sad and I get ignored shit feels great Ahahahhaha
Just had an uber driver offer me a $500,000 a year sales job. Like bro, it you had that to offer you wouldn’t be driving me home from e courts at 1:30
// IMMA GO HOME, AJDHAKSK BYE EVERYONE
I got so annoyed at first but this drama is getting interesting
You on a plane or broke? It is a need to know
She talk like she untouchable... like I ain’t fck then never hit her up before.
She gon make me do some things in this club if she keep looking at me with those eyes
I'm moving to UK for a while and i fucking cant wait to buy all of the makeup and candy YAS
I crack myself up sometimes (all the time)
i don’t want to be human today
I tryta give it all I halfve I rely tried
The places of freaky men lol
Insidious coulda been a bit better tbh
You ever see a fight at Chuck E. Cheese though?
things change people change feelings change too
need to start packing but do I really want to start packing
I need those ziploc airbag things to pack lol
He ain’t have to come , but he DID. That’s FAMILY
that was not a good take but w/e
I, Tonya is so fucking good. Amazing. Allison Janney for overlord of the world. B-E-A-U-TIFUL
Phoebe and Ross distract an attractive guy who is hit by a car. He ends up in a coma. At dinner, Monica's mom kisses Chandler.
Yeah im jewish J christian E for W life I S H
L・O・V・E！KO・KO・RO！ Come on, you say it too!
I hate when I miss that one person because I get super emotional
Bruno Mars + Polemic = Not Real Bruno Mars
If you ain't got no data, be in a WiFi zone at all time ma nigga. Out here tryna be in your chat and get greeted by one tick
Me and my friend haven't talked in a while but I just texted her because she always knows how to help when I'm breaking down and I love her so much, I'm so happy she's still in my life.
idc if you have guns up in the briefs, you skinny motherfuka I'll upper cut you out yo sneaks
I should avoid the coke game and go with sprite instead
I have this gut feeling that 2018 is gonna be beyond amazing!
Got a lot of shit planned this year.
You’re missing out, MY daughter is absolutely perfect
Pain is our strength, and the struggle is our victory
Boys suck. U kno, I think I’m a chill girl. But I wanna b single 5ever. Cuz they suck. Mood all 2018. Bye.
scroll scroll. and then not gonna aware of the time, will realized it was late bcos it’s dark outside. wtf k!
I got a lot of schoolworks waiting for me but i still haven't done any of them
RIN’S THE LOV e of MY LIFE MY BABY
The next station is Shinjuku. The doors on the left side will open.
Terminei de ver the end of the fucking world, e vai tomar no cu
Went down to the Korea salon and wanna ask them if it's okay for me to have a hair cut.. But I chicken up in front of their shop..
Don’t be confused by my smile
Ke hithela kgang e bihetse ka ko facebook, goriana girls tell each other about their sexual escapades?
But when you're gone the music goes I lose my rhythm, lose my soul
Wind 9.7 mph E. Barometer 1016.3 hPa, Rising slowly. Temperature 2.9 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 68%
# d i s s lines when someone is mean to my friends or to me: Are you a donkey? Cause you sure act like an ass # s ass
i dead just threw away all of my romaine lettuce bc of the e coli warning
i went in my room to get something and as i was walking out i told sasha i love her and she said whatever WTF DID I DO
how could you lose something if you never had it in the first place lmfao
To that girl out partying in a backless shirt & stiletto heels (sans coat) : it's not a good look for you when it's -1° outside #questioningyourjudgement # who raised you
Why does Chinese food taste so good but make you feel so shitty
School is about to start again! Back to the grind
I halfve run outtv energie 2 go on wit life n my hert is 2 hurt n I’m 2 lonlie
Sometimes u just need to accept that it's your fault tbh. P R I D E
One major thing that upsets me the most is seeing the BEST type of girls not being treated the way they should by those they are with, like no. Let ME show you how happiness should feel and be.
so woo tak’s ability to see the future is for him to change atleast one thing from the dream so that nothing bad will happen
If You a Gangsta Keep That Shit In The Streets. D boy
Heacham Weather:Temp=3.4C & is Falling.Low=3.3C & high=4.2C.Pressure=1027.9mb & is Rising.Wind=0.7mph E & gust 5.4mph.Rain today=0.0mm.
I wanna be your end game
IH-10 EAST Eastbound At BELTWAY 8-EAST - Accident - Status: Cleared at 12:27 AM
Wind 4.5 kts E. Barometer 1031.84 mb, Rising slowly. Temperature 0.4 °C. Rain today 0.3 mm. Humidity 84%
No one to watch insidious with
why is everyone dead im fucking b o r e d
I was behind a combine tractor at Big Lake and he waved me past. I felt like he was chasing me for miles from a distance behind.
00:30 Temp: 51.9 F Chill: 48.1 F Wind:E 7.9 G 11.0 Hum: 55% Bar: 1019.41mb Falling|Rain: Today 0.00", Jan 0.00", 0.00" yr # g t x w x
Sun 0730: Showery early, improving. 5.4C (app: 3.5C). Wind E 0.1mph. Rain 0.0mm. Humidity 72%. 999.3mb Rising slowly
Hemet Weather at 10:30 PM, Temperature 56.2, Humidity 57%, Wind 0.0 mph from the E, Daily Rain 0.00", Monthly Rain 0.00", Yearly Rain 0.55"
But I changed the billing portal stuff over to share point and it doesnt work AT ALL with my work networks security settings.
On my way to the store and asked for a Switch.
74. RUIN OF STARS by Linsey Miller, because I am forever obsessed with MASK OF SHADOWS and you better damn well believe I am reading the sequel the second it's in my hands
I guess i am now streaming too?
Part 2 evenings of trying to do tell you to pre-order?
Wind 2 mph E. Barometer 1025.44 mb, Rising. Temperature 1.8 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 85%
Finally got Jrue to sleep for longer than 15 mins.
Wind 3.0 mph E. Barometer 30.421 in, Falling. Temperature 30.2 °F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 56%
sadie got caught on something with her runner. proceeded to wrap herself around me and then when i got her unstuck too off and made me fall flat on my back & i now have a bad ass burn from her runner being wrapped around my leg. fml
my mutuals aren't trying hard enough to make me famous
Really hopeing it got really well this time
They don’t make ‘em like me
plus cute eskimo kisses, jihoon giggling. yes pleas e
D-Dude, calm down! Dammit... I've got no choice!
linner is also lunch dinner.. i.e. still brunch time.. late dinner is either called desserts or the munchies.
ANNIE ARE YOU OKAY SO ANNIE ARE YOU OKAY ARE YOU OKAY ANNIE
feeling some sort of way towards someone is lowkey hurtful...
Ppl need to keep their guard up
Sumn wrong wit him lol smh
Why would I hop in some beef, when I could just hop in my bed
yall really be big mad on the internet
a mutual. we followed each other on thanksgiving and haven’t really talked since. your taste in music >>> and your layouts are nice to look at. you should dm me.
Do you use to call me on mi cellphone
and 95% of my rd was spent to my phone and my bed. haaays.
I don’t know how y’all can watch black mirror. I feel like I’m losing more brain cells watching that show than on E
i hate a bitch whose got beef but never lets it b known. they stay on the side talking shit friendly to ya face always tryna see whatchu be doing. let that shit be known so i know who really not to fw
7 AM in Germany can't believe that they heard of me
At the end of the day all you got is yourself .
Having a kid sometimes means missing parties and other friend invites but tonight we took advantage of that & went out & walked the strip, got some from the m&m store & then got some burgers and shakes and honestly it was such a perfect night WITH our Myla.
can someone just tell me to go to bed bc.,,..,
73. THE VICTORIA IN MY HEAD by Janelle Milanes, which sounds like the most fun coming-of-age I did not manage to squeeze in last year but definitely want to this year!
ill have a new vid today! sorry for the delay.... e
ima be so hurt in the morning when i hear that alarm going off
I played world of warcraft until it got boring
Don’t come into our fucking house and try and tell my mom she doesn’t know how to raise her children. Bc my brother and I will get on your ass faster than you can get out the door.
I'm fucking done dude. If you aren't hyping me up 24/7 stay the hell away. My life feels like it's falling apart. Not because finances, not because of anything like that. Because of life.
If this tweet gets 20 likes, I’ll post a video of me singing Africa by Toto to every social media platform. Spread the word!!!
Sometimes when i’m sad, i remember the night that our dog decided to hike on our coffee table after getting mad at my dad for refusing to let him clean up the food dropped on the floor, and my day gets better
And if it's not childish or foolish, then I still tell myself the time has passed or the time isn't right. Fear. Multiple layers of fear.
I’m a full course meal but you were messing with table scraps
That popping out shit so over with for me
Fuck you for making me feel like shit.
hinas so funny i love her
why do i get anxiety just by thinking about my future
All I listen to is H.E.R., SZA, Brent Faiyaz, and a bunch of old shit. Lol
wanted to be near but somebody owns u now
You were red and you liked me because I was blue. But you decided purple just wasn't for you.
e esse final de the end of the fucking world? tô full bad agr
Sarah G x James R x Darren E x Sam C x Inigo P = Awesome performance
Shouldn’t have to be like this
I wanna get tatted so bad
It’s 1 in the morning why is the family group chat going off
Don't be demanding. All your efforts is appreciated.
Shoutout to my brother Ozone for coming thru w the initial jumpstart #Syce Game
BILL GATES CAN STUFF W10 UP HIS REAR END
Well just ate a night time CBD Taffy edible that has melatonin in it. Excited for what type of sleep I'm gonna get.
SRSLY DA MANLILIGAWS ARE DRIVING ME CRAZY!!!!!!!!
mental toxins are just as harmful as physical toxins
Tell me why I'm actually a better server and get more tips when I say "y'all" and put on my Georgia boy accent that I picked up in the South #DSGB if you know, you know....
“When frank ocean said i wanna die.. i felt that” -Amy
I'm gonna need to buy new pink eyeshadow from colour pop soon cause I just hit the pan on mine
u don't know how desperate i am right now hmm
HE CHUCKLES WHEN HE L E A V E S AND THEN WHISPERS TO SHIDO-SAN ON THE PHONE. (DRAGS HANDS ON MY FACE) Do you need five minutes to compose yourself or...?
The Truth is Like Surgery It Hurts but it Heals Lies are Like Painkillers providing Instant Relief with Everlasting Side Effects
U never know how hairy you are until something gets caught on to your hair lmao
melhor quote de sinner's prayer é "and I don't wanna break the heart of any other maaaan but you BUT YOU..."
Hit me up if ur a pure
the end of the fucking world é muito boa
Yaaale when I say I’m H E A R T L E S S ! I really Am
When Ed Sheeran sings "I don't deserve this, she looks perfect" oh myyyyyy heeeeart
2 Bangtan bombs on my birthday
so its been a week since the last time i open this acc
See you mudra, Im going home, tommorow Bye brother untill next time,mwahhh... Pa wawaw ko lab yahhh see you soon, i hop!e......
Its so crazy ive never had rosca.
This would be a good start
remember my ex cheated on me & I stole the bitch that she cheated w
Sad about everything... So Imma watch Star Wars yay
At the point where if you wanna leave I will gladly open the door for you
Y’all, I’ve missed 6 calls from Sawyers today bro
i can’t tell anyone abt my feelings bc it’s so fckin stupid honestly i feel embarrassed
I love those deep convos you have with strangers that came out of no where. Refreshing
kid pee on e once i was so happy barack obama
Who wants to go to LANY day 2 with me?
one of my very best friends i’ve made on here. been following you for almost a year. your taste in music is decent but still... girl. you’re so pretty like jesus christ. i miss skyping you.
Yikes....not everything is meant for twitter
vrchats servers are shittier than anything you could ever imagine so no stream
Clearly I need me an island nigga
Was too tired to go anywhere today! But Des and I will be rolling today !
Tomorrow I will be dropping a fortnite video . Gonna try and switch it up finally, I need y’all to lmk what y’all think honest opinions !
dna outlived w*, e*o, i*, and b*lbbagan4
the only context you need here is that I was not expecting this many people but hey I guess free art is like a siren
If I ever treated you like shit, you started it
No matter how much you hurt me, I wasn't to quit.
most of the time when my phone is at 1 percent, I dnt gaf if it’s dies bc my phone dry as hell
# sat u r day screams it always crack me up to see the old man in Seinfeld
i put it on him so good; he helpless
Sad News It is Informed that Mother in Law of Muhammad Iftikhar Ahmad Gujjar Sb Principal Govt. Comp.H/S/S SKP has passed away. Namaz e Janaza will be offered dated 07-01-2018 at 1:30 pm Sucha Souda Farooq Abad Skp
I was taking a nap woke up hungry asf & literally walked out to go get some jack in the box
I let my bladder get on a full capitalize “F” before I actually go pee. Being pregnant is tiring guys. Don’t judge me
Don’t let people make you feel bad for enjoying your spirit and your life cuz they’re not
I'm thinking if i should review my notes on Politics. Katamad e hehehehehehe
'God is in the business of turning things around, at the right time.'
“Love yourself so much that when someone treats you wrong, you recognize it”
i feel the need to drastically change my hair again but !!!!!!! i dont have much left !!!!!!!!!!
Medyo Sexy lady pero with a pretty BROWN EYES
Finally S L E E P
trying hard to release the negative feelings i’m experiencing out of my body
I hate studying for exams so much :)))))))))))
72. TOIL & TROUBLE, ed. by Jess Spotswood and Tess Sharpe, who are two of my favorite people and which features a bunch more in this seriously cool and kickass collection
Sir dgb in your ico of the week list or not
My sleep schedule is going to catch up to me once school starts come February. I might die.
Hey, Tonpa-san! Could I have more of that juice?
Twitter is made for midnight thoughts
im gary e is ebay cam is camera
Hina Khan was mocking Maharashtrian ppl ..how disgusting a person can b LUV TYAGI WON HEARTS
THAT SYSTEM RESTORE SWIPED 15 PROGRAMS AND 10 GAMES FROM MY PC WITHOUT ASKING
I woulda did anything for you..
I REALLY JUST NEED A FUCKING BREAK FROM EVERYTHING & EVERYFUCKINGBODY
I don’t understand why people feel the need to lie about stupid things.
What a wonderful document: Chuck Jones's rules for writing the Road Runner and Wile E. Coyote. ht
rosé has a copy of the subtle art of not giving a f*ck oh my god
I really be finna gts & my brain say listen to music
When I'm wiser and older. I didn't know that I was lost.
I burned my hand cause of my grandma fml
Shit been crazy but I know God got a plan
Taking my baby to Chuck E. Cheese tomorrow
My dog is not cute. She’s annoying as shit.
we will have 2 blue moons this 2018. one in january and one in march. which is really rare. waaah
But I realize now that everything I think I could do, I assume it's childish or foolish to do it and enjoy it.
will open a collection acc after i complete my fans and albums
starting my jungkook x iu wattpad AU soon im excited
The murder rate is high and the church rate is low
I really DGAF, that’s my problem.
defense had O N E job.. don’t let them score
Don't get mad if you want something that doesn't mean that it was meant to happen in the first place
imagine getting in an argument with E-40
thought you would see the good in me but then your mind’s clouded with your truth
I’m at the point in life where in life where I’m focused on me, if it ain’t making me happy or benefiting me then it’s fuck it
next time, when a friend tells you about an achievement of theirs, try saying 'congratulations!' or 'good job' instead of 'ikaw na magaling!' or 'insensitive ka, ako nga...' please and thank you
I really hope I can sleep in tomorrow. I need some extra hours.
Less then a week and I’ll be with my girl
I would like to publicly shame everyone in my life that I've EVER sang around for NOT TELLING ME MY VOICE IS G A R B A G E
# save the children if you are in a country that has no food and you can't feed your first five children why in the hell would you keep having more?
take me 2 chuck e. cheese’s thanks and pleases
The Coolest Hotels Ever Found at
I feel like guys who watch Viking shows on the history channel also spend a lot of time at vape lounges
coughing so hard to the point of throwing up sucks ass
Had me thinking about people who aren't knowledgeable about their bodies and leaving all the trust of the health of your body in the hands of a dr. What can be missed/ ignored
Update: I’m home, broke a second nail, and all I want is to go to bed.
Can’t stop gotta make it to the top it take hard work
Honestly I look so F I N E tonight.
My simulating conversation tonight ended with me being reminded that I should pick up a hobby.
Darren, Sam, Inigo and James with the one & only SARAH G.! Their prod is E V E R Y T H I N G #ASAP2018
Lmao I’m so stupid like why would I think that
The tears when I cried as a newborn were tears of despair!
My stepmom really tried adding me on sc nooooo
omg i think i just lost a follower bc i said i love sanggyun thrice
Just cried my fucking eyes out :) i feel pretty weak wow I wanna die lolololol
love telling my frens about bae
megan mullally deserves everything amazing that the world gives her she is a true legend who is adorable and beautiful and I love her so much that is all goodnight
Been living in my own world lately
I'm slowly embracing kpop fever. Shocks. From Blackpink to Wanna One.
Don't make a mothafuckin' sound not a hiccup Pick your lip up, or I'ma pick the dick up
70. HOW TO BREAK A BOY and 71. WINNER TAKE ALL by Laurie Devore, because it's ridiculous I haven't read either of these yet when they both sound like the most exactly My Jam books in the universe
She my baby, yea, she a star
Man one of my followers, giving me straight wisdom right now.
Can’t wait to go back to school so I can stop eating everything in the house
"'Cause I knew you were trouble when you walked in So shame on me now"
6 days into 2018 and i fucked up my whole life, LOL
oH MY GOD, WTTFFF im SO LATE agAIN I KNOW SOME PEOPLE EXPLAINED THIS STUFF TO ME BUT LIKE CAN SOMEONE like DM or sometHING and PLEASE explAIN this?/ #B T Soutcast D4
Avg Wind:11kts, Gust:15kts, Wave Height:0.3m, Wave Period:3s, Wind Dir:97 °(E), Gust Dir:100 °(E) at 07/01/2018 06:24:00
Avg Wind:17kts, Gust:32kts, Wind Dir:84 °(E), Gust Dir:121 °(SE), Water Temp:8.2 °C at 07/01/2018 06:24:00
Avg Wind:16kts, Gust:21kts, Wave Height:0.9m, Wind Dir:83 °(E), Gust Dir:82 °(E), Water Temp:9.4 °C at 07/01/2018 06:24:00
Avg Wind:21kts, Gust:24kts, Wind Dir:83 °(E), Gust Dir:72 °(E) at 07/01/2018 06:20:00
Water Temp:7.5 °C, Avg Wind:14kts, Wave Height:0.7m, Wave Period:3s, Gust Dir:93 °(E), Gust:19kts at 07/01/2018 06:23:00
yaw q na! good girl is me
IMAGINE SERIOUSLY DEBATING ENDING A POTENTIAL RELATIONSHIP BC YOU LIKE DIFFERENT HOCKEY TEAMS HOW FUCKIN PSYCHO DO YOU HAVE TO BE ITS H O C K E Y BRO JESUS CHRIST
Just got over a cold only to get another one
the loneliest girl in the world. no one even knows what’s happening and if they did they wouldn’t care
when i get my own place, i HAVE to have a vanity mirror
i get tired of spending my own mobile
S- shiro ur like a brother to me H- sHiro ur like a brother to me E- shiro ur likE a brother to me I- shIro ur like a brother to me T- shiro ur like a broTher to me H- sHiro ur like a brother to me
It’s 1:25 baby and guess what we up doing
the minute they feel like they know you, they’ll try to play you
it’s been a week into 2018 and I’ve been sick ever since
Vitamin A and E are very important for your skin if you want to fight lines and wrinkles.
“smells like a fart, but y’know, like a good fart.” -bailey on mcnuggets
Also for the few I've seen who are talking about what went wrong with LG: it had absolutely nothing to do with Aquarius. That kid played out of his mind
definitely drunk. this white sangria tastes great, but too strong to enjoy. kinda like E-40’s wine. a small dixie cup of that shit will have you done for.
i probably just barely passed my finals I probably failed one or two but H E Y
someone texted me “schools tomorrow” we are no longer friends
I slipped while trying to dance kokobop that was an experience
If u ain’t gon stick by me gtf ,now is your chance!
i’m Not catfishign my profile pic is rly m e
Diamond reed wanna b like E Kane so bad like bitch when you start showing out like that? That shit def not cute
why is bighit dropping so many bangtan bombs what is this
Bloody pain again..the joys of Severe M.E. Raynauds and Neuropathy..great mix Not!!
In two days it marks a decade since my brother Kane has been gone.... Time flies but it feels like it was just yesterday
Wish we could turn back time, to the good old days
I also need to do dreaded YouTube video stuff... maybe tomorrow we'll get some GB Adventure up there.
No matter how your day went don’t forget to thank god for all you have and for living another day
nick is such a supportive big brother
He ain’t even in jail just dipped
The Lord is good, a stronghold in the day of trouble; and he knows those who trust him. Nahum 1:7
I had too many that came around and changed up on me
when u high u eat twizzlers like gum
i admit, i was disappointed when he made the hand.. but i know why they had to do it # sat u r day screams
Hi friends. Oh wait I don’t have any friends.
have no idea what happened but # free jay ell i o t (also someone fill me in)
gimme loyalty that i dont gotta pay for
"They won't see me break, I'll make damn sure of it."
Thought of another one: ski. Kind of a cool challenge for that one because it ends in “i” instead of “e” like the others. # Nice
Glow up mmm yea I will wait
the amount of love i have in my heart is IMMENSE
wish somebody cared to buy my bundles for me
Damn. I really HAVE always been ugly. Y’all are fake as heck* for not telling me sooner. Y’all really let me walk around unaware. F A K E
not feeling good enough is seriously the worst
My Lil Young bitch She a Hunnit
Do you really think he is yours , hoe he is everybody’s get the fuck on somewhere wi that bullshit
I wanna congratulate them for it # t u k o m i
Can we go back to last night
I need to learn how to stay home lol
Someone please get me a pair of Air Max 97 “Silver Bullets” Sz 10
Same way I put my hand out to help you.. That's what you gotta do for the ladies, stukk inside the machine.
“WHO THREW UP ON THE FLOOR??”
thank God for that Heater from security. About to be livin
Listen to my heart B E A T B E A T B E A T
For some reason i dont reallllyyy like dennis asin dennis and jackie . Lool which got me thinking the only youtube couple i like the guy aswell is patricia and mike
I AM NOT ABOUT TO PLAY WITH YALL THIS YEAR !! #Rn B
Lord send me somebody that will actually care about me
y’all could N E V E R be as decadent as me in my kigu
am i spamming bc im bored? y e s
I’m listening to the deleted songs on the frozen soundtrack and they just make the while removing Anna’s memory thing and ruining their relationship that much more devastating. They were the best of friends- I now understand why Elsa was so emotionally cold.
It’s a dog-e-dog world bruh lol
My homies and I don't have "locker room" talk. We have in depth discussions about Star Wars.
Bri fell asleep, my house is safe
It’s too late to order pizza?
I had a dream a nigga tried to walk me down with a stick
My favorite country song is probably E by Matt mason cause as a bitch with anger problems like... I gotchu boo
It’s so obvious that salsa dancing came Africa
Day 7: A song to drive to (lol i forgot them titles :V) Moira Dela Torre's rendition of Torete - smooth - reminds me of someone - senti feels hahaha
We got ourselves another one We got ourselves another Jane Doe
i woke up and i just want to go back to sleep
I'm so proud of my girlfriend she set goals this year and already 6 days in she's smashing it!!
I can’t accept average I literally won’t
July 29. Yet you call me Aug 11
funny cus i really did more than i should
That's the spirit! I think? *Trembles for an hour after* Happy birthday . I've been considering learning a programming language for a doct…
.”L to the O to the V to the E” – L.O.V.E by SJ
IDK HOW PEOPLE I'VE KNOWN FOR YEARS AND CAN SEE MY LAST NAME ON MY FUCKING CLOTHING EVERY DAY STILL SPELL TROXEL WITH 2 L'S. T.R.O.X.E.L. STOP RUINING MY LIFE #24YEARWAR #JUSTICETOTROXEL
i hope you realize one day what you did. what you lost. and what i finally gained
F.R.I.E.N.D.S. Fight for you. Respect you. Include you. Encourage you. Need you. Deserve you. Stand by you.
Awe, I miss my family. # C o c o
So many customers the past couple days are so pissed w the price increase like I don’t mind paying an extra couple dollars for food or w.e so ppl can get paid a decent living wage please stop w ur unnecessary hatred for min. wage workers
And who am I? Thats a secret that ill never tell ... You know you love me XOXO Gossip Girl By Ana Paula e Diogo Silva
ohmygOD HOW DO I STOP PROCASTINATING AND START STUDYING I WILL FAIL MY EXAMS
The end of the fucking world nem é tudo isso
Only wanna run with ppl thAts series about going on streaks
I cut my head open on a shirt tag this morning and it’s killing me. I’m so slow.
Why Logan paul not uploading vlog I think that he use us to get him rich and famous
Some places I’ve never been comfortable
[Marcelinho indie intensifies] "You used to get it in your fishnets Now you only get it in your night dress Discarded all the naughty nights for niceness Landed in a very common crisis Eu não sei"
When it's reversed & all yo hoes drop you in 2018 now you shitty lmaoooooo
No winners yet. Guess the word. It's a 6-letter Noun. Hint: r e s u ● t Related words are: upshot, outgrowth, effect, derivative, creation
the end of the f**king world é mt bom wtf
NEWSHIT NEWSHIT NEWSHIT!!! HAHA QUE LOCA!! KEEP DOIN TROPHIES N E
Watching greys anatomy while in college is not smart because that shit instantly makes you want to change your major/ career/ life choices/ everything
The way I’m feeling I have to take a nap then get back up and pack. It’s too much.
You're the high that I can't give up
--I think I need some time, but I can't get you off my mind...
But you don't judge me Cause if you did baby I will judge too.
Lol I have this guys wrapped around my little pinky finger. I ain't worried
The diviner girl fell! Look at her panties?
I find out EVERYTHING without trying , if you think idk trust me Ik
Shoot your shot and slide in my dms
I stg everyday I ask myself why wasn’t I blessed with a beautiful singing voice
I'll be s cool grandma who would obsess over how hot harry still is when he's 87 and I'm 81
I feel so bad right now and I don’t know how to fix it anymore
Spring break: Washington Summer: Texas I love traveling !
Choose the person who chose you
I wish I spoke fluent spanish.
My dearest friends, even if your hope has burned with time, anything that's dead shall be re-grown.
She be like Fuck them niggas bae , i never trusted them niggas Bae , i A Load up and Buss At Them Niggas Bae
I never smile in pictures because I don’t like my smile.
Got my 3 points set , now I can build off this for Thursday.
Fatah Celebrates Anniversary by Honoring Murderers of 179 Israelis WlG8wOS654M.twitter// what do you want from Fatah? what else does it have to celebrate--imprisoning journalists, torturing palestinians, cayman island bank accounts?
I can stay in the crib all day and just be to myself literally
Note to Gay Men: Sexual Assault (i.e. forcibly trying to kiss someone w/o their permission) is sexual assault. Doesn’t matter if it’s a club or a bar or a rave. Hands off.
my stomach hurts so much but i only ate a hotdog why
E.S.G. Swangin and Banging Screwed By DJ Screw
Yerman: Slipknot.... Iron Maiden... Andrea: Queen Yerman: QUEENS!!!!
Been there alot of times, didn't expect it will happen again.
Genius used to mean something akin to being possessed. Don't be taken for a ride by a stable genius who's been possessed by horsedemons.
we get it e you love ya emo boyfriend
JaDine owns the stage talagaaaa #Ja Dine Revolution On A S A P2018
I woke up pissed off today and lately everyone feels fake, somewhere I lost a piece of me
MSOFT IS IN YOUR PC WITH WIN10 AND THEY DECIDE WHAT YOU CAN AND CAN'T DO WITH WIN10
me: so I need my dumb song for starting properly the year yt:*after watching abunch of shit* so I think this thing might do? me: B L E S S
who gon stop me even at 1am - ain’t shit gonna keep me from what i need to do. radio’s up!
ate a full meal today for the first time in a week can feel myself slowly feeling better
this orisa junk/spam meta is putting me to sleep
Good morning my beautiful tweeps Let's keep rolling with #Unfollow All Celebritieswho Dont Follow Back
Animal You're an animal, Don't take anything else.
To whoever that said money cannot buy happiness , you can deposit your money in my bank account thank you.
New day positive vibes # R i d e o n s to e world
Why can't headaches just not happen?.
just wait for me okay? okay.
spotted five floors above E 59th St under grey painted bridge
Breakfast Sunday ... 8am - 11am .. We are open till 3pm.
Day 6: Meghan Trainor - Dear Future Husband - I just like it and the vibe it gives :---> - upbeat - memorieees
When you tell people you live in Florida and the assume you go to Disney everyday
uhm... uh.... why i just felt a certain urge to put a turkey wing inside my p*ssy?
i always thought she looked like Catherine Keener # sat u r day screams
Not going to lie.. I knew 2018 was gonna be a good year for streaming... but the support lately has been unreal... almost 30 new followers in 7 days and consistent viewers. Wait until we start learning chrono trigger! gonna put you all to sleep!
30 min and I’m off work
I’m so glad i went bought oven pizzas the other day... # hungry
So our preacher today make ups and doing your eyebrows are for girls only. Wow. So boys can’t do that? I don’t see there’s a verse on Bible saying that boys who wears make up is a sin.
What’s y’all sc? I’m adding any and everybody.
129 to 64 in mayhem crucible y i k e s
Mannnn I had so much to say before I got high lol I’m salty
why did everyone ignore s.e.t's debut its still in my head
#APPC is a potential gold mine..... only crypto with ready practical use case and more than 200 million in userbase. very limited token supply. and only on one exchange ryt now. $10 before month end.
i hate 2018 can we go back to 2017 pleas e thanks vye
You don’t even know it but I still pray for you
"S A V E T H E M." #Marion Bot
As much as they called it homework i never did mine at home
Completely S I N G L E & happy
need to find a new job :/
If you can overcome emotion,you can overcome anything
Watch your man, then you should watch your mouth.
It's so sad when you run out of papers
ok Pawn Stars expert don't give us your interpretation of Laurel & Hardy just tell us what it's worth
Fuuuuuc Ima buy this cologne that’s at my job for my boyfriend bc it smells bomb asf and I want him to be smelling bomb asf around me
Don't text me something and I respond seconds later and you go respond hours later wtf
NA GUEVINA VAYAN A VER THE END OF THE F***ING WORLD
stop trying to force connections for MY child.
New measurement confirms: The ozone is coming back
I really hope I don't get attached to Clementine in The Walking Dead.
the end of the f***ing world. im dead.
I wish the twins would tell us if they’re not happy and just take a break, it breaks my heart to see them like that
“Had a bunch of blessings but I blew them”
the train set off several car alarms
Skating while being drunk made me better lmao
I wanna get on ft for some reason
“Nothing's gonna hurt you baby, as long as you're with me you'll be just fine.”
These theories got me all kinds of fucked up
I’m so tired but I feel that if I fall asleep Ima wake up too late
I CAN FIX IT BY MYSELF I CAN FIX IT BY MYSELF I CAN FIX THIS WITHOUT ANYONE HELP
"I'm not crazy. My reality is just defferent than yours" dedi Gülümseyen Kedi Alis'e.
If you're in a jam....1. Hit hard. 2. Hit fast. 3. Run You don't need all tu e
I told my mom I didn’t want to give birth after Call the Midwife and she told me to read a book.
Y’all ain’t ready for how I’m coming this year ..
you used to say you were L O V E
IT DID A SYSTEM RESTORE THE OTHER NIGHT WHILE I WAS IN BED ASLEEP
The one want on his side
5 concerts later and changes tour is still my favorite concert
Yerman naming bands was one of the best experiences of my life
Deadass , O N E MORE TIME
If you don’t have access to a dependable car and have to get somewhere fast (e.g. your asshole boss changed your schedule last minute), ride sharing services are often the only good option in places like Los Angeles
Idc what you say, speeding on an empty interstate, with the music full blast is the most fun ever
Metas para esse ano, pagar Netflix e Spotify
Sometimes I like to use my zodiac sign to explain my actions. Me being impulsive/spontaneous is clearly the work of my Sagittarius sign
THIS FIC IS SO GOOD HOLY COW
Do they will have a Greyhound bus and I didn't wipe each other people called the war without having one.
Jensen is in my basement eating sushi.
nobody understands or cares about how I feel
Sad? Are you finally going soft on us, Bill?
Ameer doing Yoga just like on the fabric!
I really want it to be summer
Half done editing the Madagascar Theory... It's... Interesting, to say that absolute total very least. It involves KGB Confidentiality, Rabies Contraction, and Annual Doggie-And-Me Winter Vacations to a Savannah 20˚ E of the Prime Meridian.
Day 5: Kendrick Lamar - HUMBLE! - fk yes!!!! - fire
Not having someone to text all day is boring :(
What’s up with everyone using Shotguns, swear this shit pisses me off
Rollable OLED TVs! Woah! LG's killing it! #CES #CES2018 #LG
This scumbag Akash is still in d game..Nd they made luv go LUV TYAGI WON HEARTS
WHERE BAD MYSTCRAFT BOOKS GO TO DIE.
But every time you hurt me, the less that I cry
YOU ARE F R E E
LISTENNNNNN THE TRANSITION IN A MILLION DREAMS OF ZIV’S VOICE TO HUGH’S IS THE B E S T I LOVE IT
“JUST IMAGINE IF I HAD THE DOLLAAAARSSS”
--they say love is blind, oh baby your so blind..
This is the power of Sparda.
home after a amazing vacation with amazing people
I told my mom how when I was little I looked like Snow White. She said “Yea, now you look like Snow Brown”
I'm the plug for the plug
Anybody wanna start a rockin Motown cover band here in the year 2018?
IT WILL UNINSTALL PROGRAMS BECAUSE IT THINKS THEY ARE HARMFUL
Naturally vibe, I hate forced shit
love how most of the fandom is into the outcast au and im the 1% over in the corner who is just like ‘tf is even going on?’ #B T Soutcast
Ok i’m done twt goodnight y’all
i know i deserve so much better but it’s just something about him & it makes me so mad
We go out for coffee and keep it to ourselves
Braided my hair to keep my mind off everything
I hate FaceTime cus it be close up on all my chins .. no. Text me
You might be good people individually but not good for each other
Do u still Twitter stalk me? Hey you
My main use of Facebook is for tagging my friends in memes
Oh that’s cool, what else can’t I do?
Can I have a multi please? GONNA RUN + England all out before lunch tomorrow? I like Gonna Run e/w here and Righteous Mate to place.
Can you fight every person you hate?
Don't ever tell me I look like Danielle bregoli
The entire internet an endurance test?
you cant be friends with someone who wants ur lyf
Some relationships are not meant for you don’t stress it
Day 4: - Calvin Harris ft. Rihanna - This is what you came for - fk no!!!! - no fking mmp pls - cringeeeee
Out here tryna cuddle with a notebook page oui. Failure
THE STORY OF MY LIFE E E E E E E E E E E E E EE E E E E E E
Wishing it was one of the better days
Tie Sessions to a cinder block. #MAGA
rite when I started thinking critically abt outcast my attention shifted to monsta x hoseok...A new question was posed. How is one man that big
Xxxtentacion trash but Look at me still lit af
Birth Place: Rocky Mount, NC #M E Wfact
Eu to vendo the end of the f***ing world e to achando um lixo
Don’t bring sand to the beach
i kissed Nyles on his nose & now he’s walking around sparkley
i accidentally screen recorded me listening to my neck, my back
A&E #Live P D The guy that thanked the officer needs to check in to the Carl bear trap rehab center on Shameless highly effective and ......... Shameless
Y’all remember lizard lick towing? that was back in the good days
You can take the girl out of the woo but you can’t take the woo out of the girl, a memoir.
I want to know what ended up being the conclusion at the liquor store. #Live P D
A gentleman with a little thug in him
nothing is set in stone. Rewrite. Rewrite and rewrite again.
If you don't have a brain or common sense, please, don't use reedit as your ethics/life style guidence...
wouldn’t it be nice to stay together for the nightttt
My body doesn't define my heart
"Oi...since when did a sorry become hard to say?"
You know I'm such a fool for you...
Spontaneous Nose B l e e e e e e e e e e e e d s s s s s
Even though I left you, doesn't mean I quit missing you...
I be singing the hell outta Crew
10 days for spring break! #Hell Yeah # dreaming of warmer days #SB2018
"Let me play the part of your first love"
Was there a Tony Weeks is a washed ref take prior to Ward/Kovalev II or is said take a direct result of that?
When you got hurt there's already a fear inside of you.
Gimmie some songs I can play on acoustic and sing to
My body pillow is flat af. Like was I lonely? Why my pillow ain't got the sauce no mo
Idc what no one says your an entire different person during SEX
I'm going to make some future masterpiece babies
Romaine lettuce linked to deadly E. coli outbreak
Not a lot of people know this but in 2015 and 2016 I suffered through depression. Three months ago I think I actually beat depression. I just kept staying positive and strong. Depression is a real life situation in life. I haven't felt this good in a while.
For all the bitches who couldn’t stand me last year, you’re gonna hate me this year.
On track : Machine Gun Kelly, X Ambassadors & Bebe Rexha - Home (from Bright: The Album) [Music Video]
I wana keel myself n im rely guna do it dis tyme i qwit life kant do it no moor
oh my gosh I H A T E Grey’s Anatomy
I feel so tired but didn’t do anything. Why body? Why?
Anyone on here on insta i dont follow?
Imma start wearing headbands and bandanas cause they the shit
The Shape of Water was incredible. My heart. FEELINGSSSS.
I hate letting other people decide what I want
41 degrees in Sydney today...no biggie #This Is Summer
My lyft driver is playing Tyler, The Creator. This is great.
Because one moment changed my life forever. And you got away with it...
Why is it every time I hang out w rob I LOSE SOMETHING
why th e fuck cant my school just print of schedules instead of them only being online
..Have y'all been in a situation where they stare to hard and u notice, and boom quick turn?...I feel bad for that person ):
Never Mixing Weed and Alcohol again . Last night it put me straight to sleep.... before 9pm
Idk why I'm suddenly into floral prints .
Started work with a headache ended without it. (Low key thank you Tylenol )
This cold weather be having me knocked out
people always get the wrong impression of me because of what they're told or hear from others. get to know me for yourself #Biggest Misconception About Me
what do I name my iPad
Moviola, Cedula Come winds of the Labrador Sea Parlances, pyelitis Et max pancreatitis E le'o to me
They act like they care, when in fact they're there if you have yours
i wake up, i throw up, i feel like i’m d e a d .
I think i scared myself with this new poem!! This shit is dark!!
Anybody ever get up, go peek outside, and go back to sleep.
Sometimes you need to lose someone to find yourself
Bae: what you want to eat ? Me: you Bae: I just can't with you right now. Let's go to in n out fatass. I I love him
Just to think what’s up under their shirts
Another Bruno Mars prod? Sarah x Inigo x Darren x James! Finesse! #Ja Dine Revolution On A S A P2018 R a y e
Idk if this is rashes but damn where'd u get thoseeeez
Hello. How did you find my Twitter?
Don't need money, all I need is you
i’ve never been so blackout yet conscious at the same time
DALGUM IN THIS MF NECK BRACE THING P L E A S E
This will be your plot twist, watch me
Bitch ain’t a Snack in E&C bring it back to 2012 please
Like a puppy that hasn't seen his owner in a long time
Been punishing my liver these past 2 weeks
Traffic & the quality of roads here in # Da van g ere is truly disgusting, overcrowded, dangerous speed race (particularly from autos, bike riders & city bus) & sometimes riders are incredibly rude. Still traffic police & concerned authorities are so shitty.
Sometimes is just good to wait
This really determines a lot .. if imma go back on my word or be a pussy lol
I just wanna fall asleep :(
I keep playing with my hair like I have an extra 8 inches but I don’t it’s gone
ISS over IOW in 10 mins :) #Isle Of Wight 2018-01-07 06:30:53,GMT,W,E,-3.4,80,288
Okay.. now login on Twitter through a browser E.g: Chrome or whatever browser you use.. head straight to settings.
m y. f a v o r i t e. b o y s.
Tngina, do i look okay? of course not! don’t ask such stupid questions like “are you okay?”, its so annoying af.
so many things to do pero here i am, so lazy kilos na self
just absolutely popping off to the first two Springsteen records by which I mean I'm sitting at my desk writing but this is the dancefloor to me y'all
Aaaaahhhhh this girl and I would make such good friends lmao ndkdnskwmw
DC-1 and E-1 on scene. LE requested. Structure evacuated
Rekt so hard on a bitch I cry E M O T I O N A L R E K T B O T #REKT
Trying to sell on of my s7 edges is harder then I thought! Where's the "ballers" at?
I can not wait to take this make-up off my face.
*clicks 480p* Messenger Video quality everybody.
Update: I just drove to Dearborn while I was also on E. #Happy Holidays
my top 6 artists this week: Beck (80), J Dilla (51), Kendrick Lamar (33), Caribou (20), Corinne Bailey Rae (18), Disclosure (14) # j o t a f m
Here's one last song for you
Getting nasty with the same person all 2018 the wave
Turner, University of Nebraska, PresidingIlaria L. E. Ramelli, Catholic University, Milan, Angelicum, Princeton University �Five Links,Two
Ohmygad. C O N C E R T
S/o to the cute subway guy that made my sandwich
WE'VE BEEN MAKING SHADES OF PURPLE OUT OF RED AND BLUE
So here's one last song for you
Day 06 - A show you plan watching Anne with an E
logan and jake paul are so fucking ugly and their personalities don’t help at all
Wind 7.6 km/h E. Barometer 1016.0 hPa, Falling. Temperature 29.6 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 47%
Okay guys! The Good Place (American movie) is in my list now. Cool!!
I obviously can't draw young girls ayy lmao
Riding through the six wit my woes...
Out here out & about by myself looking handsome
I saw tlj again in theater and i gotta say i liked it alot better than the first time T__T i love poe......i love finn....i love u carrie...
I made my choice. I will fight.
Trying to spend on a B A E
So how many times can u send a “lol send” without it sounding played?
Told mom to wake me up but that request gotta pend. I am locking my door.
A back rub would be lovely right about now
I dreamt of Jungkook not long ago, it was so real I got so mad when I realized it was just a dream. It felt so real, I would love for it to happen <3 should i post what happened on it?
The word is: E N L R
A haiku: Glasses clear things up For the visually impaired But try not to stare
"Stay who you are, not a perfect solider, but a good man"
I feel so emo .. idk why
Like Morris Bart, 1 call & that’s all.
Ard I’m sleepy Im going to bed now
the night I actually need someone is the night everyone’s deciding to ignore me :))
LONG HAIRED RUBY IS *****N I C E*****
Matt Ryan with his 5th straight playoff with a passer rating over 100. 0 rings though. Fucking choker with no will to win.
These niggas gon have to fit in watch me stand out.
So this is what I will do
CBC’s “Anne” is on Netflix!!! Why does sleep have to be necessary???
Omg i just fixed my car i had to reconnect the battery to the alternator. even the check engine light went off
After all this wedding things, if una no go heaven ehhh e go bad ohhh #B A A Don D S T V #Meetthe Wellingtons
Praise and worship E ma bong
theres no 'i' in 'team' but there is an 'm' and an 'e', and there's also an 'm' and an 'e' in 'money'
#Now Playing Unknown - Invasion Da creativity Feat Chad L E McGhie on #wwcfam.com
I know you don't want to talk to me
Ended up getting a shrimp taco bc God is good
Stop and realize who’s been there for you
I have no qualms leaving the group I’m out with and chilling by myself if there are folks hanging around that I don’t deal with or that I don’t want associations with. The level of crazy some seemingly normal ppl on I’m not about it.
State Route 1 E in White Co Crash Multiple Vehicles between OLD HWY. 70 OLD BON AIR RD. at 12:00 AM 1/7 est clear by 3:00 AM 1/7
"He was a little man in the passed , he's a lil man in the present and maybe he'll be a lil man in the future"
We got this crazy chemistry between us
You made me sad 'til I loved the shade of blue
I’m really over being out like once a nigga hit 21 I started my journey of the nightlife/party life now I just wanna stay at home and post up
I think I’m gonna go back to green hair
Big Sean - I Don't Fuck With You ft. E-40
I e been wanting to Get this Foot massager. I just don’t wanna see that 150 leave my account lol
im glad i actually made a furry oc I , , , ,, , making friendships w/ ppl is sm fun , ,
Overnight Celebrity - Twista ft Kanye West pele e ba madboogie
When it was good it was bittersweet honey
I may have to start wearing ear plugs in the club to keep out some sounds.
You can’t blame anyone for hurting you, you only can blame yourself for staying.
Take yourself on a date & treat yo self.
I like never sleep in my bed.. I love the couch what a bum
I need a small loan of a million dollaz
i'm really bouta cry. i love love
I've relied too much on this body of mine without even knowing it. People die when they are killed.
I just need to know how many of the women on The Bachelor tried eHarmony first
i luv Gelzy this bitch really b having me omn
I'll figure it out I know I will keep me focus and positive God you're all I have.
Ain’t no loyalty you lied to me you said you was gone ride for me
Nigga got me fucked up oml
Vegeta, what does the review says about the sandvich? It's over 9000 stars #Sandvich Bot
There's no other God like you Spirit of praise
IT'S C L E A N S E D
And whatever I lake you make up
U Got dat hater in yo soul u can't do nothin about it, u done sold yo damn soul and can't do nothin bout it
Stand in the rain, stand your ground. Stand up when it’s all crashing down. You stand through the pain, you won’t drown and one day what’s lost can be found.
Day 3: Ed Sheeran - Dive - I play this on my piano during summer 2017 hehez
Used to want 3 different babymuvas now just one
Yeah, I am going to have a hard day later. My fault really lol
I'm sending a message to you and I'm hoping that it will get through
I also forgot to mention that I requested an internal ultrasound because I suspected a cyst. The Dr. Did a womb massage to see if I felt pain but I never did. Had I not requested an ultrasound the cyst would have never been diagnosed
Everyine that orefers american whiskey hasn't had the chance to tast the godliness that is a scotch whisley. Specifically an islay (speyside scotch is like 2nd best)
stick ya finger down a throat & lose ya ring
So flattered these bitches share my tweets on their group chat
Logan Paul will be the next suicide victim if you wont stop bashing him.
All i want is a clear mind and happy heart. Mahirap bayun ibigay?
Maaaaan its that time of the year agaaaaain
And I think about you all the time
We just bought E a new old car. Alas, it wasn't the 90s Jaguar or the E63 that were also at the yard
I sure as fuck don't know how to hit on chicks
crying over fictional characters, as usual
It’s uncanny how awkward people make me feel sometimes
Really sucks not knowing 100% what you want to do in the future for your career when you plan on going to college
I’ve made a grave grammatical mistake... but it’s too late to delete (shawty)
My gma named their dog Molly and it just makes me think about the drug
┏┓ ┃┃╱╲ in ┃╱╱╲╲ this ╱╱╭╮╲╲house ▔▏┗┛▕▔ we ╱▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔╲ we stan the st cast e q u a l l y ╱╱┏┳┓╭╮┏┳┓ ╲╲ ▔▏┗┻┛┃┃┗┻┛▕▔
Am I crazy or is it disrespectful when someone knows how upset you get about a situation but continues to do it literally every other weekend?¿
#Happy Birthday Raila May you live many more years to prove Githu M wrong !!
Ain’t even showing me the love you said you got for me .
This still number 1 worldwide WOW #B T Soutcast D4
I just want to go home.
okay but tell me why jhope was choking on a banana in my game and namjoon did cpr instead of the heimlich and he s u r v i v e d ? #B T Soutcast D4
Am just grateful. I love you lord.
Woman can be shitty at times man , wow!
if you don’t have common music taste as me or music i’d enjoy listening to OR LISTEN TO COUNTRY.... up out my face
Me to bitches: Do you have a seconds to eat my fart?
the quiet e heaven donas do blue neighbourhood simplesmente
tennage dream is katy's best song tbh
E WENT TRY TE EMETEYT YEE EY! YEWWWEEEE! E`LL ENNEY MEYSELP
Ariel and I should just date bc we’re honestly like the same person
But right here, right now you are on my mind
Anybody got a good recommendations for an extremely powerful indoor heater for a garage?
Only thing guaranteed in this life is death
Im alone for the weekend.. & let me tell ya I love being alone in my house
I'm so bored without my sister
Only 3 more achievements until I have South Park: The Fractured But Whole at 100%, sadly one requires me to replay the whole story mode
Then the e streets sometimes make me lose all hope in the culture more times than some lol this excavation makes me feel like a sack of potatoes
People still don't get that I don't like to be disturbed. Under any circumstances.
4h16 da manhã e eu BIG REPUTATION BIG REPUTATION OHHH YOU AND ME GOT BIG REPUTATIONS AHHH AND YOU HEARD ABOUT ME OHHH I GOT SOME BIG ENEMIES
I miss my gf so much i sleep with the jacket she bought me just bc I can. It doesn’t even smell like her I just know she bought it # sprung
Volunteers prop up understaffed hospital A&E department
Some one hit me w their car please
I GUESS I WILL THROW THE WINDOWS 7 DISK IN THE MAIN PC
Maybe one day I won't sing about you I'll sing a song about someone new
Apparently “I’ll leave you and your friends alone” means imma come over to your house when you’re not there
Eric browsed important piss, which makes The cat fucked wrong homstuck fandom. Unfortunate.
#Saturday Screams i remember i had an old comic book that had the ad for this on the back cover. I used to look at that and be like... i gotta see this. Then i did... and loved it so much
getting shitty bullet reg ruins my fucking day
Maracuja oil makes me feel like my skin is flourishing and I’ve only had it for 3 days
im about to punch tf out of something
Frozen pipe. Yikes! The joys of winter.
Question for the fellas Exactly what intentions do you have when you DM a female?
I'm stronger than i've been before
I hate when I mistake a jalapeño for a green bell pepper
2k tonight cause i aint layed up tonight
i sound like i don't know tagaloggg :(((
Do u got my back in the lac if I'm on E /if I lost everything will u hustle with me/lie on the stand if the busted a nigg
Inna Whipp Jammin Smoking Grams Of G E L A T O
Beat:G2, TRAFFIC (MOVING) VIOLATION at 23 AV / E SPRUCE ST reported on 1/6/2018 9:53 PM, Call# 18000007393
This time in a week and I’ll be waking up for the airport
While staying in Mozambique, in the Tete province temperatures around 40 deg were normal... Ne ere leng betsa ka lunch blackberry abo e tima, e tshuba hela ha o sena go e tsenya mo fridgeng
I didn’t tuck in my shirt for school the last 7 yearssssssss what makes yeah think immaaaa do it now
Day 2: LANY -13 - depressing - relateable - beat's on fleek - classy!!!!
"Perseverance is not a long race...it's many short races one after the other"
I think this hoe in love with me. Keep following and adding me on all my socials even though i block and unfollow her
I use to think Lil Wayne was Birdman & Birdman was lil Wayne
Three weeks until we’re in NYC!
Let's take shots and vibe to The Beatles
Every experience spent with someone is irreplaceable, need to learn to cherish the moment.
people who still hunt animals for sport: what the fuck is wrong with you lol
i just got scared cuz i was like “damn there’s a rodent in my new room” then i realized, o yeah i bought that rodent and gave it a name.
/ bump before your girl passes out
PSA: Chuck E. Cheese's full name is Charles Entertainment Cheese
If you love her then you gotta give the to her
"They put me on television. And the whole thing broke loose. It was wild, I tell ya for sure"
And i cant post it in my real acc since he might see it
"I'll have what she's having."­­­_____Customer ***Estelle Reiner*** ***When Harry Met Sally*** 1989?
Not monsta x related but i really hate my childhood friend right now and i just want to express my thoughts because if i don't i might lose my mind (so pardon me please ;-; )
#Now Playing Dru Hill by Dru Hill - 5 St e ps # e 3 radio # good music # l g b t #qu e e r radio don e right
TAEHYUNG IS PULLING AHEAD IN THE POLL Y E E T
I keep seeing highlight reel clips in edits amd i wanna rewatch them
Information: Today In sha Allah the Sunday bayan After Mughib salah will be done by Mulana Muhammad Irshad sahib accordingly.
Being emotionally detached has its pros and cons.
Anyone I know with a mesh networking setup, like Google WiFi?
As of right now I wouldn’t talk to a Gemini
NADINE finally promoting the concert! Guys bili na! Thank you ASAP. #Ja Dine Revolution On A S A P2018 R a y e
Apparently AG Sessions insisting on enforcing federal drugs laws, i.e.,cannabis, is a line in the sand not to be crossed for many Trump voters. If that's these people's line in the sand, they can get fucked.
Had a dream I was wasting my Saturday night and it woke me up guess I’m not wasting it no more
now I can say I made it through the first week of the quarter with e coli if I don't get a rockstar evaluation this time I don't even know anymore at least it held off until I was done making the syllabus
“Maybe you had to leave in order to really miss a place; maybe you had to travel to figure out how beloved your starting point was”.
So Academy got life fuxxxd up if they think I’m ganna tuck in my shirt
"someone is following us freely" I think this so to emphasise that the person behind this is definitely in the game but is not able to be played or controlled so it's either one of the corrupted files or someone who is controlling them... #B T Soutcast D4
pls don't make me have to get up out this bed...
February 3rd. Emerson Theatre: Lil E, Tone Trapper, YTN Tickets On Sale Soon Stay Tuned
But bitches IS SOO PHONEY THEREFORE YOU WONT NEVER SEE ME IN A CROWD WITH E'mmm
I cannot believe out of the million Ahgase that watch their v lives not ONE of y'all ever screen record that shit for the rest of us
kiss me boy and drive me crazy
can my cat not claw my foot at 6am causing me to scream while my parents r asleep
I swear you think you know someone you dont
Delicate manipulation and the occasional hammer blow
Got in the lyft and it was two niggas in there
Emphasize. If you can’t.... (something) wrong
Going out just ain’t for the kid
I hope you’re all feeling yourself tonight....
My favorite part of leaving Disney is when you’re in your car and you yell out “Bye” and all the workers yell it back
Every single time I hear "Walk like an Egyptian," I get H Y P E D.
Damn I really want a rubik's cube
2018 is the year for KEEPING YOUR FUCKING RELATIONSHIP ISSUES OFF SOCIAL MEDIA
Ambition is a dream with a V8 engine.
i've gotten so used to being sore everywhere that i wake up in the middle of the night just to sit up and massage knots out of my back- all while still half-asleep. my mom's seen me do it and i didn't remember it in the morning.
THE HELL I CAN'T COMPETE IN THIS GAY AT MOST PHERE I AD MIT IT IM A TSUNDERE ASS
Selling ~d i s c o u n t e d~ wanderland 2018 tickets, hmu
If you love someone, you'll always be there for them whether in sadness of happiness.
If you wanna leave just leave, but you ain’t gotta lie to me
These people are fucking crazy tonight! Is there something in the water all over the place today? #Live P D
I feel like Atlanta niggas the only ones asking you if you tryna turn 200 into 2000
If anyone has any good podcasts they listen to hmu cause rn I only have 2 (preferably comedy but w/e)
Ok I’ve seen so many state troopers and cops all night but hey still ain’t get caught going 110 in town tho
I'm finna start wearing my beanies again its been a while
But 2018 feels like I hit the ground so I can spread my wings again and fly.
how do kids my age get boyfriends and girlfriends like yall should be enjoying your childhood
Dam they don’t make em like you no more!
Morning Vw Polo people are yall woke?
Why am I cold a l l t h e t i m e
i studied for 6 hours alr, i want to s l e e p and don’t wanna think about ecological footprints and fair trade anm
“I want trust too, i want us too”
Al-Hasan said, "Greeting is an act of obedience while the answer is a duty." (Al-Adab)
My son Legit got a 7 inch blade, brass knuckles and a 9mm on him standing next to e talmbout i got you
My car battery just died on me
Kodak the only nigga who made it out that area tho
Drinks E&J & Peach Paul Masson. & you can’t beat my ass.
IM FUCKING LAUGHING LIKE WHAT IS THE LOGIC DON'T T W E E T THIS OUT WHERE HTE PEOPLE CAN SEE I T S'DFJKDSJSDJKN
Mental health takes time to heal. If someone said they'd be there for you, then they should be there for you and not get upset or frustrates but understanding and patient
i actually have got7 on my tl?? like my entire tl is yugyeom thANK YOU
I hope sungyeol can join them during the promotion period :'(
Still can't get over with our Queen's hot prod. #Queen Kathryn A S A P2018
Also my hands are so chapped they hurt so bad!!!!!
and if you do? you dont get to walk out still b r e a t h i n g
Someone sent e a tweet about a dragon in a life jacket in some "buddymon" show who sent it I must see it again!
Lot of lust inside of me
Is it desire, or is it love that I'm feeling for you?
It's crazy how much money you need just to be able to move into a place. No wonder so many people end up in cars - how many people have several thousand spare dollars?
Tired of IG now. All it's showing me are week old posts.
You gotta understand that you choose when you want dumb shit affect you
Koly p pussy asf idk why niggas think he snap like I grew up wit these niggas in west palm beach and if you really from there vandam snap harder than him
Shoot a shot 2018 fucc that I’m not wasting my time
Bachataaaa BACHATA B A C H A T A G O N O R R E A S. Leeenky
I've let go of my 2014-2016 lover. I've let go of my 2017 crushes. But never you...since summer 2013.
Oh baby, darling. How I'd love to become your suicide blonde To lie beside my romeo, oh what a wicked way to go Marina and the diamonds, E.V.O.L
I’d marry Dwight Shrute and I’m not even ashamed to admit that
// istg im still outside but seeing the riddle im gregetan sendiri
I think i might deadass marry this nigga
HOLY SHT. KLASE NA GALE BWAS
HE PURPOSELY STEPPED ON THE NAIL SO HIS HEALTH “DEPLETES” AND PRETENDS AND THEN HE’LL SAVE EVERYONE #B T Soutcast D4
(Wave) SWELL: 7.2 ft at 10.8 s S / WIND WAVE: 7.2 ft at 6.7 s E / WVHT: 10.2 ft / APD: 7.0 s / MWD: 169° / 9:00p AKST
Ion know wtf these niggas take me for
im feeling rrly gay fuck you j a c ket
On a van's rear window, a sticker: J. E. R. K. Junior Educated Rich Kid # city seen
Sometimes change is really good for you. In order to get different results, you have to do different things. Step out your comfort zone.
Uh sorry I don’t talk to dudes in porn hub merch
(Wave) SWELL: 0.3 ft at 10.5 s E / WIND WAVE: 3.6 ft at 4.3 s NE / WVHT: 3.6 ft / APD: 3.6 s / MWD: 50° / 12:59a EST
I'm to cool to be fooled
(Wave) SWELL: 1.0 ft at 10.0 s E / WIND WAVE: 2.6 ft at 4.0 s ENE / WVHT: 3.0 ft / APD: 3.9 s / MWD: 64° / 1:00a EST
I totally get why they made Aaliyah out to be some ancient Egyptian vampire in queen of the damned. We can literally take their life with our dna lol..!
All i want is a dedicated fourth, to grind with. And 8's, 8's every fucking day with full rotation...
I've strangely developed a taste for grapefruit juice. Unsweetened with full pulp is the best.
got me hella fukd up if you think I’m being nice to anyone in 2018 the way i was last year.
Also I get sappy when I'm sick. Still have a shaky body but no fever so yay
Deeper into the shimmer of booze and slots, realizing I'm seldom a happy person.
Bitcoin, Litecoin, and Bitcoin Cash Record Large Gains, as Altcoins Fall Bitcoin, Litecoin, Ethereum, and Bitcoin Cash, cryptocurrencies that are considered as reserve assets or safe investments in the highly volatile cryptocurrency market, has recorded large gains over the 24 hr
For reference the non-school adult novels I read this year were "The Martian" by Andy Wier, The "Darker Shade of Magic" trilogy by V.E Schwab, and "The Night Circus" by Erin Morgenstern, all of which were super good and I highly recommend.
Don't make adult decisions if you're not willing to handle them with adult actions
Iont have no bad blood with nobody , if u got sum against me that’s on u cause idgaf .
THRU IT ALL//WINTERTIME will F O R E V E R be a classic.
I realize I never updated but uh, after about a month-ish, he ended up being a dud lmao I tried
Ofc this applies to more groups than black people
be trying me like i'm not THAT bitch.
I'm focused on that bag..I'm not worried bout shit else.
So. I have a pre-final math test now. If things go right, this is my 2nd to last math exam E V E R.
I don't have a lot of them but the ones I do have boi I tell you. I hit the lotto.
10 nights in a row of drugs and alcohol is not fun and games. its retarded and foolish. grow up.
Imagine me going through the same stuff I went through 5 years ago
Hmmm why didn't they post this at 10pm est /12pm kst
U r taken but the fact that u liked my dp in fb alrd make my day
I was drinking Apple E&J today!
I've never fully given 100% into anything before, maybe I should change that and see what happens
Like This Annoying I wanna Cry I cant Never Find A Parking Spot
Old hoes love telling me how much I grew up
I need my confidence as much as I need sleep.
Came back from my mission and I’m still hanging out with Courtney till curfew
# sat u r day screams i wanna know who taught the deadite chick those moves
2017 Felt like was falling out of the sky.
Y’all love D.E off each other out here
Nothing before it’s time! Always believe that
Fellas ur wcw is out rn doing god knows what and she left u on read but posted snap stories...know ur worth
it's all fun n games until them table turn..
Fight Ln E Portland S Richmond & Portland St [14 Div.] 01/07 01:00 # # Toronto
Like bitch u ain’t no saint and you certainly don’t get more pretty hating on other females. Everybody has a closet sit the fuck down hoe
... ladies leaning on their canes listed towards me like towers of Pisa. Ruined Russian princesses who could not pay my father, bought me expensive bonbons.
Just finished watching riverdale for the 12th time innthe last 6 months
Dispute Ln N Queen E Sherbourne & Shuter St [51 Div.] 01/07 01:02 # # Toronto
if we aren’t in the same pay grade. WE CAN’T DATE.
The last of my savings is dwindling fast. Please let me get a tax return soon so I can pay bond and rent in advance
If it ain’t work you don’t need to lurk.
Everyone… Here we go! Give it your all, and beat this knave!
Proud of my brother today # E k u
I'm never, ever going to leave you, baby — and that's a promise. I n e e d you. No amount of words could ever describe how much I love you. You're everything to me.
Putting an ad in the span of an hour.
I’m never gonna end up being the good guy.
*after watching law & order for four hours* me: what do you think it takes to be on law & order? Brady: have a pulse.
Ew real life ew l e A V E M E A L O N E
knowing i have a million things to do tomorrow i told myself i had to be in bed by 12 so i can get up early and get things done .... yeah okay
even taehyung's dog is hyped and y'all have the guts to say he's underrated/underappreciated? oh pls miss me with that bs
If you knew better, you’d do better
Find the right guy that embodies the same qualities that I saw in him.
be my baby eu te venero
I’m so sad that I can’t remember Panic! at the Disco’s performance at the 2017 New Year’s Rockin Eve
Why am I always the asshole
I swear soon as you change the channel while somebody sleep the wake up
6) S L E E P
i love earth chan so goddamn much
Once you have learned to love, you will have learned to live.
I want to go on a road trip with some friends
I AM STRONG I AM STRONG I AM STRONG I AM STRONG I AM STRONG I AM STRONG I AM STRONG I AM STRONG i wish
Theeemm, Cleaning and doing household chores, Me........ FB-TWITTER-IG.
Don't make promises you can't keep
I stay in my own lane I mind my own business .
IM JUST WANT OT9 IVE MISSED YIXING WITH THEM SO MUCH OT9 PLEASE PLEASE
I remember them days I use to sit on my ass and just collect
WHEN JEUP SAID if I don't pick my members (after rockhyun and leegeon did) will my image be bad? San E: KBS will just make you out to be trash Seyong: I know because I've gone through it before, it's difficult # shade # spirit animal
NEVER make someone feel like their feelings are invalid NEVER pressure someone into telling you their feelings/thoughts NEVER victimize yourself ALWAYS respect people’s wishes ALWAYS support your friend ALWAYS put self love/care first This is 2018, prioritize yourself.
After all I don't trust her anymore..
I got tired of all the immature people I'm my life so I just moved on, simple as that
I see why white suprematist fear us. We’re so powerful..
I just learned that the whole F•R•I•E•N•D•S cast is older than my parents and I don’t know what to do with this information
E. Coli Deaths Linked to Romaine Lettuce, Officials Say
idec about money just wanna pay my mamas mortgage
*watches ONE how to paint realistic video* Fuck yeah I can do this. *flash forward to me covered in paint. Blankly looking at a canvas clearly covered in a monotone blob* Okay... so I may have over estimated my abilities just a tad.
I know im trash but lotto is one of my fav songs okay and i put it on repeat along with mama album and xoxo okay
Your name is my favorite word.
Dinah’s edges baby gotta ease up on the extensions cause they getting snatched right out her head
now that I look at it, back like 4 or so years ago my brother would talk about Supreme with his freinds and I would over hear him never really took notice of it lol
Out of the blue, into the black.
S. I. N. G. L. E Stress Is Now Gone Life's Easier
this is all just Deja Vu
how the hell is Crunchyroll going to crash when I reach the final episode
nah, i'm legit bothered by this picture.........
friendship/platonic interaction makes me live in this thirst otp society
Try being informed instead of just opinionated.
Majority of people in my life don’t appericaite my ride or die personality. Is it really extreme that I would take a bullet for you?
I think that a camera that gives career advice would be pretty cool, but that's just my opinion.
My favorite eSports include jogging and reading.
William, Polish my claws. I'm lazy.
I'm still bothered Nathan Lane wasn't recasted in the new #Lion King. That voice is legendary to the movie. That's like saying if Robin Williams was alive, you wouldn't ask him to do Genie.
Who tryna go see the Black Panther with me next month?
how can i am not fall in love with him. his smile so addictive
I was having the craziest ass dreams last night like omg
2018 e o heartstrings ainda n voltou pro spotify
I have a job to stay busy do I need it no but the way medical insurance is set I have no other choice lol
This teacher in the white car is being quite a piece. She needs to chill out, they’re just doing their jobs just like she tries to do at her job. Both jobs are thankless. Shame on her. #Live P D
I hate when people assume when they can just ask!
My tooth torn up from 1010
If you kill a killer, the number of killers in the world remains the same.
At first he does not have the 'Spirit Sight' (i.e. he can't see the spirits), but earns this ability by becoming Natsume's shikigami. #Haru B O T
Irritated ain't even the word right now but I can't be mad I did this to myself..
Dear height, please lang cooperate to my age.
I can't believe we fucking made it . R e m a d e .
who is still drinking E&J in 2018?
my niece said “your lipstick sprinkle” talking about the glitter in my lipgloss lol
And after everything, my flight was booked for today and not tomorrow. Literally crying...
I ya e you top of the line i know you miss it baby
bekka surprised lexi & is flying to arizona to go to the arizona show & they are meeting jacob TOGETHER name something more iconic , i’ll wait .
This for the rivals , I pray that you die on the bible
I love how the outside of my old high school look
i fuckin teared up watching jc and chelsey oh god
It’s nice being friends with people you thought you’d never speak to again
You join a lobby w/ a party and see a party of snipers and still decide to stay.... why?
finaley sum1 Killed those Bugs! #Hunter X Hunter
I don't understand people that lie for no reason.
“I’ll Venmo you fifty dollars for half a noodle P L E A S E”
cant wait to get my puppy next week
Whoever started that inside joke of Daesung having a wife and six kids in Japan needs to come forward. Too funny.
P- Parentheses first E- Exponents (ie Powers and Square Roots, etc.) MD- Multiplication and Division (left-to-right) AS- Addition and Subtraction (left-to-right)
That in the closet shit with Greg & Bobby was magnificent times on the bird
never know how to feel just numb everyday at this point its always time to make money
N.E.R.D. - Lifting You (Feat. Ed Sheeran)
at once, a condition prosaically referred to
Kinda don’t wanna go back now. I feel like I won’t be back until Spring Break
Ahhhh shit Selena and a shredder lmao
Your money not gon' move me... I'm an alpha female!
ONE BIRD TWO BIRD THREE BIRDS FOUR FIVE BIRDS SIX TIMES LIFE IS WAR
"Cross my heart, hope to die To my lover, I'd never lie He said "Be true.", I swear "I'll try." In the end, it's him and I"
i’m like 7 min into Black Mirror & i’m already weirded o- ... with a pig? really?
Haim should still be with us. He should. It's been almost eight years and it still hurts that he's gone.
The point is "the point". That's what it is That's how it is
Ohh God... PLzz Draw Against Really doesn't matter who wins after that,,,,bu Plz
E Prime (Earth): Protect Sensitive Data - 126m - 3500cr - Forma (Blueprint)
Ils+elms+exam nextweek= D E A D
Fck a nigga Fck a bitch , im jst tryna get rich
Only you can make me roll my eyes and smile right now.
Going to finish all my fucking half read books this wee. I only read half then get excited to start another book I wanna read
#Now Playing Let It Rain - Michael W. Smith on # e g i m radio
Im having a really bad night , i wish babe was here with me .....
The older I get, the more I realize what really matters in life.
can you believe our friendship blossomed even more after mh how did this shit happen bc i would like like to thank yall for doing that
Couch potato life is finally over bois I GOT WALKING FOR FITNESS AS P.E. YEY (ty grad status)
i love the way u lie
My cousin just don't know how much he made my night
Yo patnas is snakes nigga open your eyes
My feed is full of what other people like. I don’t want to see that. Is there a way around that? Ugh!
G would of the 4 of y’all I wouldn’t call out y’all damn name on here
that's how e be some time
so blessed to have someone that supports me as strong as this.
i cant wait for this semester to be over
But if I was from a stream.
Somehow a handful of y’all think I was put on this earth to please y’all.... that’s a big ol sike.
when i first met u, so in love that night
Erin is getting out of hand
My brother Charlie became a grandfather today. The 1st out of our whole family. My Neice Carole had a baby girl. Love my family so much. So cool. Nothing like a little baby. Shes Beautiful
my mouse fr was eating paper like I don’t give him delicious varieties of foods wtf
if it dont got bones in it….. iss B̀ ̧o ̕n e̢ ͏l ̡e͞ ͢s̡ ͞s͜
so an hour ago i started eating a bunch of chips and now my stomach is perpetually in pain X-X
I need an adobe premiere pro crash course. Gahd.
off to smb wth mah favorite person
CAN YOU CALL ME NOW JUST SAY HI? *67 503-867-5185
I work 12:30-8:30 tomorrow I should be ASLEEP but here I am a w a k e :)))
Took me an hr and 12 minutes to wash my hair....how I know?? It took the entire H.E.R. album
They make promises when it suits them and they break it when it suits them.
So he said he'll be meeting me at Gmall by 12 to hand me something, eh anong oras na? first honor so Top Paasa People of 2018!
Millennials are killing Bonnie E. John
Today at our beautiful meeting the brother said you have to be humble enough to ask for help when you're feeling sad or depressed and it really hit me.
I'm sorry, Japan. I love you and I apologize for everything Logan Paul has done. I know this doesn't work this way, but I'm sorry anyway.
Wind 4.9 mph (E) gusting to 9.0 mph. Temperature 54.2 F (WindChill 54.2/HeatIndex 54.2). Humidity 093%. Rain Today: 0.00in
FINN JUST CALLED NICK IN THE MIDDLE OF THE STREAM BECAUSE HE'S HAVING ANXIETY AND NICK WAS SO SWEET TO HIM I LOVE THEIR RELATIONSHIP SO SO MUCH
Brock Lesnar and Big E form a tag team and call themselves the Discovered Lodgings
Fuck ThE R E V I V A L
“The happiness will come when you are able to make other people happy.”
Definitely giving Vegeta his props from this weeks episode. The Fight isn’t over yet!
My daughter is saying her prayers before she eats now, it’s the cutest most proudest thing
The End of the F***ing World é muito foda
I might say some shit out my mouth but I still won't leave her
1: Find a side hustle 2: Stack some cash 3: Treat yo' self 4: Repeat
Need To Go To The Nail Shop
Can somebody watch Wreck-it-Ralph with me?
Heavy police presence at Burnaby apartment near Metrotown SkyTrain
Let me go the fuck to sleep
"Gentlemen, you can't fight in here! This is the War Room!"___President Merkin Muffley ***Peter Sellers*** ***Dr. Strangelove*** 1964
I love Monday’s because I get to sleep in and I only work at one job instead of both
Disagreements on certain topics or on certain days can feel safe, but tolerance for difference may vary according to each partner’s degree of stress and security. If one or both feels vulnerable, they may require greater ‘loyalty’, i.e. unconditional agreement.
instructions for a life: soften & breathe. soften & breathe. soften & breathe. soften & breathe. soften & breathe. soften & breathe. soften & breathe. soften & breathe. s o f t e n (often) aaaaaaaaaaand b r e a t h e.
E Gate (Venus): Enemy Transmissions Located - 49m - 4100cr - Oberon Markhor Helmet (Blueprint)
Morning to the real ones Not the fake ones
" Did you really bring your own gallon of milk."
I need a good oxtail recipe.
Wile E Coyote and Trump now have almost the same business card.
Iont know how to be nobody but myself
i. _ d i d _ d i d _ i ? _. _ d. d i. i d. d ,. , d. d i. i d. d _. i. _ d i d, d i d _ i ? ?
2018............never thought it would still gonna be you.
Literally everything can change in an instant
All the things we should’ve said that we never said, and all the things we should’ve don’e that we never did.
“It is an absolute human certainty that no one can know his own beauty or perceive a sense of his own worth until it has been reflected back to him in the mirror of another loving, caring human being. “ - John Joseph Powell
Text me when youre free e e e e e
#Saturday Screams I love the old lady
If I were to write a book where the main character spoke about you TO you, would you even consider reading it?
Don’t deny what you feel, let me undress ya bby
The more I get on twitter and Snapchat the more upset I get I’m not in Phoenix.
...What a day what a day
I've been fucked over so much that nobody seems to my catch my attention no more .
?Ts Jaimelynn ?? sexy capelli veri lunghi belle labbra e corpo fitness - 34 (Downtown Las Vegas, Art district) ????? Text me 702-570-1413
my gas tank is really always on e just bc it’s too damn cold to sit outside and pump gas
i hate two faced people. it's so hard to decide which face to slap first.
Lolll I’ll repost those golden state vids once a month for the rest of my life
Teve lanche do celso sim !
watch end of the f***ing world on netflix
"oh hey Elisa what r u up to tonight?" oh nm, jus making Yorkshire puddings for the first time, nbd.
Update y’all.... he just went inside and I can hear him from the window I’m at S C R E A M I N G about his wait I’m dead
Yes, i'm a bullshit and i'm stressing u, sorry for dat.
You fw these lame niggas so much you cant tell when you got a real one
ill beat timmy thick cheeks with no permission and be on law and order in the next morning
For the first time ke pick ginian
I watch my snaps like I never seen me before
What's up fellas I'm on a nê dev-- HHHHHH HOW DID THAT E TURN INTO THAT
wahh.. Subhan. Allah... America licked dust. so easily.... Confessed. Pakistan s. Sacrifices in. war. against. Terrorism... Alhamdulillah.... i. did. Sajda. e. shukr. USA. knows. she. cant. fight. this. war. alone.... i. m. so. happy. it. Confessed...
I just watched three videos on pizza and now I really want some cheese stuffed pizza omg
I won’t fall asleep in my makeup in 2018, or go to bed without washing my face, ever.
All our emotions are rudimentary organs of "something higher," e.g., fear may be an organ of future clairvoyance, anger of real force, etc. ~George Gurdjieff
This second special look like he pulled out a couple chairs in his living room and started talking random shit
my parents came into my room & literally started having an argument (between them, not me) sitting on my bed with me
The end of the fucking world é a Melhor serie que assisti desde 13rw
Ok Winter, can you go away already ?
so, satan is queer, huh. n i c e.
State Route 1 E in White Co Crash Jack-knifed Tractor Trailer between OLD HWY. 70 OLD BON AIR RD. at 12:00 AM 1/7 est clear by 3:00 AM 1/7
(Wave) SWELL: 2.6 ft at 16.7 s NNW / WIND WAVE: 6.6 ft at 8.3 s E / WVHT: 6.9 ft / APD: 6.7 s / MWD: 84° / 7:57p HST
Young Pinch is coming next Saturday and joc won’t be here! we so would’ve gone!
Slip from the trees to the dirt to the menace To the wild to the car, under snow, cut to ribbons
Call it what you want é pop perfection de acordo com o mundinho suns
I took a pill in abiza
Always missing people I shouldn’t be
Just one more day. Lol I say this every Saturday
i thought i went in at 8 am tomorrow... turns out i go in at 7... sad madisen x2 :((
(Wave) SWELL: 0.7 ft at 11.4 s W / WIND WAVE: 6.9 ft at 7.1 s E / WVHT: 6.9 ft / APD: 5.3 s / MWD: 86° / 11:40p CST
(Wave) SWELL: 0.3 ft at 8.3 s ESE / WIND WAVE: 2.3 ft at 4.2 s E / WVHT: 2.3 ft / APD: 3.8 s / MWD: 83° / 12:00a CST
I hope weenie's gon' be ok
¤Q. I ___ go swimming in November. a) don't never b) don't c) never d) am not e) none . *Stay in touch with us by commenting. #Te T 1575
(Wave) SWELL: 6.9 ft at 10.0 s ESE / WIND WAVE: 6.9 ft at 7.7 s E / WVHT: 9.8 ft / APD: 6.9 s / MWD: 106° / 1:40a AST
I showed love to everybody, never got that back
It's best to always schedule breaks. You don't want to run on "E". #Film Tip
Retweet This Follow all that Like & Retweet Follow back all that follow you Go # social media #IFB Go #FOLLOW #RETWEET Turn on on on my notifications
He does this shit on purpose.
i found a stitch case for my phoooone yeeyyy
I prefer the flo not the bed
Morgan’s always tapping out early on me
Love Quote of the Day: "If fear is the great enemy of intimacy, love is its true friend." - Henri Nouwen
I hope Gates really getting out
You've ruined my life, by not being mine.
remember when I gave someone money to buy a flight home for Christmas? guess who just blocked me on twitter
Just had an apple for breakfast..waiting for my abs to show # healthy living
Note: Do some efforts to keep her/him.
Man I'd give anything to go back to playing hockey full time and being able to skate every single day
Reeeally hard to watch Dave Chapelle's new Netflix special. Super anti-trans disguised as naivety/truth-telling/honesty, AND, he has the gall to say it's mainly a white person issue (i.e. trivialises black trans womens' plight).
amass (v) 1. to accumulate or collect 2. to gather in a heap; bring together
GUYS. MY CAT BROUGHT A LIVE BUG INTO MY BED LAST NIGHT MOST LIKELY THINKING THAT I'D BE PROUD OF HIM FOR CATCHING IT. IT CRAWLED ON ME & I HAD TO GO ON A BUG HUNT AT 3 AM.
One day imma get my sleep schedule right smh
Someday,I want to be a Jonaxxgirl in the eyes of my own Jonaxxboy
Everybody be talm bout benihanas like its hella good, but they cook the same shit every time you eat there
18th bday alone? Like? Y E H E Y!
Life lesson: wear gloves while chopping up garlic. I've washed my hands so many times and I still can't get the smell off of them!!!!
We(women, Xhosa or not) low/high key love money and being spoiled.
I just wanna see I love you ,
When you got a good heart, you gotta watch yo back.
Matsa How do you answer A call from your Ex Mine : (mute) waiting for her to start talking
Nature Quote of the Day: "My boy, one small breeze doesn't make a wind storm." - John McGraw
-11 below zero so cold I tried to open my window and shit was frozen shut
TAKE OFF TAKE OFF TAKE OFF ALL YOUR CLOTHES
Please watch your step when you leave the train.
NOT this took talent this again because of November, if this
“At the end of the day there is a guy that will throw away a fork just because the fork pisses me off” # rules to live by ladies
I be peeping some crazy shit bro
I'm slowly smiling a little more, hopefully I'll be myself again in no time.
I swear to god there is a guy that came in to ROSATIS on Thursday in Toledo right now.... woah gah crazy
You’re the only therapy I know
Do good things. They won't notice you. And do one wrong thing then they will judge you the most.
The end of the fucking world é muito bom kra, que isso
It’s 1 am why am I awake and tweeting
I really hate it when the character I like in a fanfic dies :'(
Put my trust in no bitch
being single is better because you can keep your money and food to yourself, yay!
This generation of females are pitiful
I swear depression and anxiety be trying to sneak up on me and ruining my positive
Day 5 Morning slot IBPS CLERK MAINS ONLINE RIP IN TRICHY BRANCH. Today's strength is 60.
maybe I'll come a big change: me siento pensativa
My clip full of thunder you know that ima strike em
You don't get to react HAHA on my posts. WE ARE NOT CLOSE, BABYLYN.
n acredito q bianca me fez viciar em only forever e hitchhiker
Journey to the Past is my theme song and Anastasia is the most underrated animated movie there i said it
Loving what Tom Tom be saying
i always get in the bed then don't feel like rolling
old team mindless, we used to be lit af.
i still have no idea who logan paul is
Bruh i got new earrings and them shits got caught on my shirt while i was taking it off
If you post your curious cat constantly I’m most likely gonna mute you cause nobody needs to see the questions you get asked smh
Remember You can love the life without a lovelife lol
alguem pra tatuar "i love you" e eu "i know"
I wanna be laid up ..too damn cold
Lmao why bitches always wanna have a man that has everything set
Yesterday was a great day.. I saw someone staring at me. hahahaha
Happy Birthday Mr. President. H.E Hon. Raila Odinga.
“2018 is going to be the year for us, I can feel it, I promise you” haw my heart what did I do to deserve this
cherishes ninsquad and the gross fursquad
Eh this one chick did her make-up in the taxi , let's just say someone else got off the taxi
Can’t wait to get shitfaced Tonight.
I think it’s really sad that I can’t even tell if I lost some of my butt #Gainz Needed
1-2 in released bets with Marquette covering, Xavier losing, and the teaser losing. The Big East is going to be tough this year! Back to work to find the edges for this upcoming week.
( I’m probably gonna remake Mihye into a male muse. Sorry guys I’m just terrible at female muses
When i tell you my emotions really been everywhere today i just dunno
That shower i just took ... I’m going to sleep sooo good
I need to stop wanting to cry like right NOW
Had to park 2 blocks away from my home Came inside, was stoked because it was nice and warm Washin my face aaaand the power goes out
Bureau affliction is e'er a agency representing care, as the thorax is the central to several implement of the personify. These consist of the emotions, lungs, gorge, ribs, muscles, etcetera Whatever hot potato with whatever lone of the device buoy trip bureau...
Cuzzzz I need to calm down... but I can’t...bae just made me a playlist. Never knew this was a dream of mine. # thankful
its gonna b champagne wishes and caviar dreams from now on
Gonna be out the country for a whole year and I couldn’t be happier
I’m glad to have met & lowkey bonded w/ Jay’s mom bc tita Joy is intimidating
Back in the crib , it was a good Saturday night
I knew what you wanted from the start
a bruised cervix is worth it sometimes
Na only call Sarki call, e no kee pesin...
That one text made me realize how much I miss you
Everyone incarcerated for marijuana charges should be immediately released like I don’t even smoke (Kendrick voice) but this is heinous.
I knew G was a piece of shit when Brit said she damn near had to fight his dogs
i need to sleep got to wake up early as hell ltr
And like how is everyone being propose to in cute outfits? I just know he’s going to bust that ring out when I choose to wear my cheetah slippers to the grocery store real quick
Glad I didn’t straighten my hair tonight it’s suppose to rain Monday.
In case you forgot. Pirates e letse e winne maabane
Black men, you need to do better. And don't come to me with the whole 'it's not all of us' Human beings are dying here!
... What are you talking about? We are in the middle of a battle, you know. Pay less attention to me and more to our enemies!
My pc can't even run AutoCad properly
My silence is definitely part of my growth I’m learning everything doesn’t need a reaction or response or my time or energy
Sooo I’m forced to go back on my solo dolo shit GN
In family if you refuse a shot, everyone start calling a bitch nigga. Crazy how my family is a bad influence
Hey Sunshine! WHAT DID YOU SAY TO ME?! S u n s h i n e
Everything changed when the fire nation attacked
If you don’t have eyes on $APPN that is a YOU problem. #Doesnt Cost Anything To Pay Attention
I'M SORRY BUT ALL CONTENT ON THIS PAGES SAYS JOSEPH IS (GOD) WHILE YOU ARE (NOT)
Religion is a lie that has been honed like a Weapon by people who have suppressed the truth.
no one will ever understand my pain & feelings.
Exterior alligator crocodile, I walk a Ford television show
I’m mad as shit I gotta work weekends this month
"Just because I managed to do a little something, I don't want anyone back home to think I got the big head."
i might have to start starving myself
I hate being a girl a this particular time of every month
my skin is so soft & sensitive.
Lately I been chasing paper , chasing gwaup
i hate bitches that don't like me over they nigga like bitch yo nigga hmu first
Got so high I started questioning if I even care about if their is such thing know as a god or not.... so yeah. I can care-less of such thing
Trying to find 3 outfits that will be over the top its kinda hard
,wish you all new year 2018
Talking about scholarships, If e-sport organizations would provide scholarships to their student-athlete players. It would create a whole new perspective for parents and schools towards e-sports and gaming. Why are we not funding this... Pls
just a reminder: robert e lee is one of the biggest traitors in american history fuck that pussy
Although I wasn't completely alone—a certain meat-loving boy was hiding in the bushes.
#Grimsby Weather 06:08 AM Dry Temp 3.6 Humidity 73 pct Pressure 1026.6 Wind 1.9 E Rain Today 0.0
And in the end the killer will say 'why keep blaming everyone yoongi? You wanna know who am I? I am you.'
It’s weird that we eat the outiside of apples but don’t eat the outside of oranges
Want to be in a video
Tomorrow is the last day ima be a blonde Barbie
Been wanting to go to Get Air for the longest!
You are valuable, you have worth, you are gifted, you are talented, and you have a purpose on this earth.
i was dying inside to hold you i couldn't believe what i felt for you dying inside. i was dying inside but i couldn't bring myself to touch you!!!!!!
I still remember the feeling I felt when I first started talking to you.
First night without Jon and I don’t like it at all..
Plot twist. Minki e Greed se pegando.
Tonight We were all so broke so Rip
It's true, once us Caps get comfortable we can get very talkative. , especially if we feeling you.
Cartier all over my eyes while I analyze
i really wanna go to Chuck E. Cheese’s
If you don’t like me just stay out my way.
I think I could pull off a pair of sketchers
I really really am baffled by the level of ignorance, entitlement and arrogance that black men walk around with, thinking they can take lives of black queer youth.
"The worst in the business world is the situation of no decision"
Who wants a preview of a sick edit
Don't play wit me cause you not gone like it when I play back
Being a better person this year, period.
Why the good niggas gotta come while I’m fucked up
I'm JUST now seeing Before I Wake. It's on netflix btw, you're welcome
I might not see N.E.R.D perform my favorite songs :-( ever :-(
Told y’all dick make ya slow but being slow is >
Beat:E1, TRAFFIC (MOVING) VIOLATION at 12 AV E / E MERCER ST reported on 1/6/2018 9:25 PM, Call# 18000007375
we can send a man to the moon and yet if I decide to poop my pants there's no way to stop me
Being honest may not get you many friends, but it’ll get you the right ones.
e presentation you will never recover the money. From a winning tic
Avg Wind:12kts, Gust:15kts, Wave Height:0.3m, Wave Period:3s, Wind Dir:92 °(E), Gust Dir:72 °(E) at 07/01/2018 06:06:00
Water Temp:9.5 °C, Avg Wind:10kts, Gust Dir:85 °(E), Wave Height:0.6m, Wave Period:3s, Gust:13kts at 07/01/2018 06:01:00
Avg Wind:16kts, Gust:31kts, Wind Dir:89 °(E), Gust Dir:70 °(E), Water Temp:8.1 °C at 07/01/2018 06:06:00
Avg Wind:15kts, Gust:21kts, Wave Height:0.9m, Wind Dir:85 °(E), Gust Dir:91 °(E), Water Temp:9.4 °C at 07/01/2018 06:06:00
Avg Wind:22kts, Gust:26kts, Wind Dir:74 °(E), Gust Dir:76 °(E) at 07/01/2018 06:02:00
Be careful who you vent to. A listening ear is also a running mouth.
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. Don't complain.
sephora’s point rewards is just like chuck e. cheese.
and love is not a victory march its a cold and its a broken hallelujah
Man I swear I’m so corney now I don’t care to kick it fr I jst want to travel
The reality is that your black sons are taking lives because they battling to accept that womxn can be happy without them and masculinity doesn't belong to them.
The difference between L O V E & H O L L O W L O V E
I wish I had enjoyed every single moment more
i'm so nervous about the tour i'm going to fucking cry
I wanna make a YouTube channel because I have a story to tell and truly believe I could change a life .
E Gate (Venus) | Interception (Infestation) | | Starts in 3m | 49m | 4,100cr - Markhor Oberon Helmet Blueprint
Im glad I aint have a date, I would’ve looked bad in front of her
my dog such a wild sleeper
I love my culture and I love my family. I feel so blessed
waitin for everyone to gtfo my house so i can make my damn mac n chese in PEACE
53.7k reads na akooooooo. Thank you so much to those who supported my story and also to those who critize as well. Hahahha
I love watching people try to one up me & getting put in their place b y e
Someone asked me what I look for in a person and although we think we know and it seems like an easy question I never really thought about it or had a solid answer.
Funny Quote of the Day: "There are three things you can do in a baseball game. You can win, or you can lose, or it can rain." - Casey Stengel
People that actually suck water out of a water bottle need to be quarantined
My boy getting mad at me cause I don't wanna go out for "drinks" tonight. Bruh, I'm in bed nice and comfortable meanwhile it's -20 outside ! What am I missing ???
You gotta space out the texting when y’all first start talking, can’t be on no clingy shit. All though...
Can someone give me movies to watch. Nothing scary or too sad.
Cause im dreaming of u tonight, till tommorow i'll be holding u tight
Ezreal doesn't have a Popstar skin. I. AM. T R I G G E R E D.
I’m so sick of you niggers!
The end of fucking World é dahora
Baby was so drunk with his drunk ass lol
SHE THOUGHT DENNIS WAS PAUL RUDD
I can't wait for prom n graduation
Ptv Sports On Paksat 38.E C band frequency 4004 V 15555 conax Dish size 4 feet
“And at that moment we were just two people.” Article 372
& we got time to do all that
Some people do not be looking how they be looking on social media
im actually very annoyed of driving
I told Lieu I couldn't work ot tonight & he said I got more excuses than a fat bitch in a phone booth .... son wut
Let me get up, pack, go get some ihop, and watch Charmed for the night
The N.E.R.D light bulb was one of my first tattoos. Had to spend at least a teachers salary on bape and bbc in high school. That legacy is cemented.
I want to hear your voice.
“I’m pretty enough to attract guys but ugly enough that they’re weird,” -anonymous
no more people pleasing this 2018 no more neglecting myself in 2018 no more allowing people to ruin my day 2018 no more feeling bad for saying “no” in 2018 no more, no more, n o m o r e #Ja Dine Revolution On A S A P2018
/ aa still has replies and starters to do here. Im sorry for the delay
2018 prices (usd) Header or YouTube : $10 Revamps: $15
Going to church with my sis
I wish i knew the Dallas Cowboy player who was at Golden Corral today...
This stupid ass $3 gas station charger got my phone stuck charging at 50%
But that pop up he did last night was a # classic
Some of y'all get so comfy with me after exchanging a few words that y'all start calling me eve
Call her a bitch that's the rule. - Easy E
I should probably be partying tonight
"Plastics."_____Mr. Maguire ***Walter Brooke*** ***The Graduate*** 1967
if i could turn back time
even if timmy doesn’t win anything i really hope he has the most fun ever and smiles and laughs a lot
Feelings, We don’t get into em
it’s eleven and jaydyn won’t go to bed. i put him in his bed and every twenty minutes that kid is up either watching tv or on his tablet
What if yoongi is the boy who made his dream into reality and the killer is just his alternate self. In the intro hobi said that yoongi is just in his house always or smthng like that and in night 4 the killer said that everybody left him
## F a c e C l a i m 。
Reading all the cheesy entries for minhyun.. had me grinning from ear to ear omg you guys are amazing :') minhyun truly unleashes the cheesy side in us. I might have to pick more than one winner
Had so much fun in Disneyland this past week, so excited to go with Bae in April
Did black mirror kinda sorta make me believe in love again for a minute & then fall asleep bc I was overwhelmed y e s
Ke dirile ting/letlhabego maabane motshegare and e setse e bedile. That's how hot it is.
I’m bored so here comes dumb dumb shit on my mind
To who is ever planning to use force to control the lands befor the hearts of people : " # Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding. " . # F act
acabei de terminar the end of the f***ing world e to chorand
Tb 2013 con canciones de Demi <3 I’m a sweet disaster
If you fall behind, run faster. Never give up, never surrender, and rise up against the odds. Jesse Jackson
Wishing I would’ve stayed my ass at home
It’s my birthdayyyyyy I made it this far y’all omg Here’s to another hopeful 20 years
goodnight sisters im gonna go listen to e.z. on repeat
Is it me or is my timeline full of judgmental ass ppl complaining about somebody all the time? They aren’t living to pls you hoe! #Fuck A Judgmenal Ass Hoe
IM GOING VEGAN KEEP ME ACCOUNTABLE
Honestly, armys can hype up anything and make everything about bts so H Y P E i'm even jealous haha
Four days into the New Year I fu because you find your way into my brain and still poison me against myself. Always in recovery though. Getting back up.
I Need A Crib Out In Cali, Nobody Gettin' My Addy!!
F*ck those people who call themselves as Dog lovers but can't even clean their dog's poop! Imma say it again, F*ck! F*ck! F*ck!
I want a puppy so bad
Attractive qualities: awareness, motivated, passionate, kind, open
The fight was wack they had my boy fucked up....again
I’m dancing next to my coupled friends. How sad
la rosca aint even good but I guess
it's cold affffffff my car heater trippin.
he can drive, ok d r i v e.
A bright future is waiting for u luv LUV TYAGI WON HEARTS
whoo i just made a full google drive folder fullof earth chan pics :D
That's my down bitch She 'a pull the gun for me Pop two, she 'a take one for me
BATH & BODY WORKS only WORKS if you put that BODY in a BATH sis”
He changed. Not because he want that but his love permits to do so.
when my momma go to glory. I'm only fucking with a handful of her family, the rest going be exactly how they are now. Nonexistent
4h e eu acordada disappointed but not surprised
everyone out here voting for tae or jin, then see more evidence come out and regret their choice is a mood. #B T Soutcast D4
zatyra jackson leave white men alone ik u see dis tweet
Young Sheldon is a hazard, boy don turn all e teachers to junkies.
♪Sing with me a song of birthrights and love, the light scatters to the sky above, dawn breaks through the gloom, white as a bone♪
this weather makes it so hard to adjust the temp. in the house, I just woke up sweating my ass off.
I’m sick af. I need some weed to KO.
Also, I feel i n c r e d i b l y pretty today.
# Art #Quote Of The Day: "Advertising is the greatest art form of the 20th century." - Marshall McLuhan
courvoisier is fucking disgusting, why did Pharrell lie to me??!
Jungkook gon be 21 this year and he can drink in the states.... all hell gonna break loose
He’s mine. And he is dominant. And that gorgeous hair is mine. That mouth is mine. That cute little rear is mine. He’s m i n e. Forget that, and I got a pretty little saber that will meet holes you’ve never played with before.
Watan Tv HD on Express 53.E Ku frequency 11532 H 2204 Mpeg4 FTA Dish size 2 feet
Art Quote of the Day: "Advertising is the greatest art form of the 20th century." - Marshall McLuhan
rum chata w. coffee is fire
She keep it real unlike these niggas thats why I fw her !
Yeah issa wrap on the emo art boys. Lmaooo
Mga Koala famth? Do you know na about sa "Dinning room" thing?
Hey mr.carter tell me where you been
Oh can't you see e e ee, you belong to me
Look at that dick fucking all the common sense out my boo Mel head
Stay # safe this # weekend all; stay # warm &Bring Your # Pets inside & provide PROPER shelter food/water for them!I DESPISE people who don't care for others together with animals who need it most..
The world is completely different and this generation does that at all
(Wave) SWELL: 0.3 ft at 7.7 s SSE / WIND WAVE: 3.3 ft at 4.8 s E / WVHT: 3.3 ft / APD: 4.0 s / MWD: 85° / 11:40p CST
Share your loafsaving selfie to WIN a toaster!
(Wave) SWELL: 1.0 ft at 10.0 s E / WIND WAVE: 3.3 ft at 5.9 s ENE / WVHT: 3.6 ft / APD: 4.3 s / MWD: 65° / 12:40a EST
the amount of chisme and rosca i had today is overwhelming
I needa stop eating before all my shit for Philippines won’t fit me no more
No words can quite describe the pain that's felt when the hair stylist brushes your cartilage piercing instead of your hair
How I miss the way we used to be before?.
ITS 12:03 AM. PLEASE STOP REVVING YOUR ENGINE IN THE PARKING LOT. THANKS, A MOM WITH A SLEEPING TODDLER
Everyone told me to leave you, shit some times I felt like I should but I’m glad I stuck around. You’ve grown and matured into the most amazing man and father. I don’t know what I would do without you
The older you get, the more quiet you become. Life humbles you so deeply as you age. You realise how much nonsense you've wasted time on.
me and chasity are currently staring at pictures of ourselves screaming about how beautiful ourselves are. we officially the vainest couple of 2018
I remember when skateworld was a thing back then on Fridays lmao what happened
Got a lunch date next week just gotta see when she’s free
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later
I guess growing up, I was raised to appreciate everything and anything someone gives you or does for you.
Back to school crap:((dealing with the same bitch every p.e
I love weekends where I get to do literally nothing but eat edibles. It’s Saturday night and I’m like fuck yea I get to sleep in do nothing all day again tomorrow
cant even play for fun without grinders forfeiting me lol
I can’t sleep in no hot room boe
Will be forever humbled by a starry night sky
If u like? Biting off your own.
If you hurt me, well that's okay baby.
The end of f***king world É MTO BOM
Come back baby cause I like to say Iv'e been around the world back from Bombay - around the world by: rhcp
The guy you just saw. He's their leader. Got it memorized? X-E-M, N-A-S.
Oh, don't be silly. I'm actually tickled you trust me. Just promise you'll try to get along with my brother, all right?
I'm listening to horny Ellie Goulding
Been awake for 2 hours already and it’s the weekend. Today’s going to be long
My sister will take a lint roller to her fucking floor mats in her car but refuses to clean the house
Check in wit me, and do ya job
Random thought: We should only say “yesterday” when referring to something over 24 hours ago and not when referring to the previous calendar day because if you’re like 3 minutes into “the next day” and you say “yesterday,” it’s EXTREMELY weird sounding
Argentinians -are s t r e s s e d -voted to keep it synched -regretted it instantly -live tweet the entire thing -“Chavo es un idiota” -talking about yoongi -gotta censor them out bc they curse every two minutes
The C.E.S. show is only 3 days away! 170,000 people will be in town!
Do you have a story too? Let's talk about it. #Mothering A Muslim
You don’t realized how quickly anything can fall apart until it does. Makes you never want to give up anything good ever again.
This is why I hate/ have issues with men. The audacity to take someone's life! No one has a right to another's body or life. I don't understand where that patriarchal entitlement comes from or when it's going to end.
CLEARED: HIT & RUN-IN ROADWAY-PROPERTY DAMAGE at UNIVERSITY CITY BV & E MALLARD CREEK CHURCH RD #CLT #CMPD_UniversityCity
SOMEBODY TOUCHA MY S P A G E T
Like the difference with him he keep his ass busy
Everytime I get on ft w: BESTFR nothing but laughs
Liberals who think trump is mentally unstable/too stupid are the same liberals who think trump pulled off russian collusion that mueller’s year long investigation can’t prove. Those theories can’t coexist.
Focusing on the good, goals, and growth I’m meant to achieve this year.
State Route 1 E in White Co Crash Jack-knifed Tractor Trailer at OLD BON AIR RD. at 12:00 AM 1/7 est clear by 3:00 AM 1/7
So sick of getting the worlds worst sleep in the worlds best bed.
Ill have drinks with my guy thanks
about to tell this dude at work that i think he’s cute and he makes me super nervous...
The time left me alone All my friends are gone Nothing's ever shown In my eyes【FEEL】
it's 1am & I'm cooking breakfast listening to Jay-Z demo tape. How'd I get here
Why did I choose to watch Monster's Ball thoooo This movie is something serious
My Dude is just WAAAAY to #POPULAR for me
Strong boys with blonde hair and blue eyes... e w e Real heroes! I- o v o DON'T TELL TOBIAS I SAID THAT
alias brava que nao tem magic e truly madly deeply no spotify
That episode was GODLIKE! And NEXT WEEK?! What an amazing time to be a fan of Dragon Ball! The animation of this weeks episode gave me GOOSEBUMPS!
Pretending to be happy is never easy.
Some beautiful paths can't be discovered without getting lost
wish my mom wouldn’t always take her anger towards my other siblings out on me :/
“I need a hug.....................e amount of money”
The lion king play looks like a good outing
"It is our job to help awaken those who are being called" by example
Have drinks with you sometime for what ???!! Jusso
The timing is always on point.
I remember one time this bitch said "I thunk it" and I was like "bitch you M E A N thought, you thought it"
this film also hit me like bullet because I was convinced that I did not exist ever before. and suddenly, this film was a hint that not only did folks like me exist but I had a history and legacy and a community and a responsibility.
3Sport on Afghansat 48,E Ku frequency 11294 H 27500 Mpeg2 FTA Dish size 2 feet
Fine... challenge accepted. What's another invisible test going to hurt?
okay I’ve got a confession to make, I actually got El Niño dios but hid it in my skirt before anyone noticed it was in my bread
Trying so hard to fall asleep
Toast speech + Critique + Spoken Poetry (Own Compose dapat) = DIE
The death does not give you give freedom, even feelings fade. 【TOMORROW NEVER DIES】
#Now Playing Boyz In Da Hood [HDz] - Eazy E
I’m honestly so excited for my drive back home to tally tmrw!!!! Can’t wait to jam all my fav songs for 4 hours
Quote of the Day: "Believe and act as if it were impossible to fail." - Charles Kettering
Love movie nights with my bff
Admit to your faults & move forward, that’s the best thing any of us can do. “Striving, not perfect because perfect doesn’t exist.”
I’m watching four weddings and I just want to marry Garyt tomorrow already
I can't believe the homie Ray lasted longer than my ex boyfriend
That scene when e in the hospital bed got me fucked up
Nne ke rile ke a ba cheka today. Looked at the article and e bua ka rona, all of it even... ke safe.
IH-10 EAST Eastbound At BELTWAY 8-EAST - Accident - Status: Verified at 12:01 AM - Lanes Affected: 2 Mainlane(s), 1 Shoulder Lane(s)
I believe my ex just left the state 9 days ago # bye felon # c al i hates you
[lightly hits her fist against her chest] MM NOT THAT WEAK I CAN TAKE IT [coughs, half jobbing in place- she has e n e r gy now] HIT ME.
“just wanna fly away and never come back “
women that claim “no bra, free the nipple” what y’all use to work? my job requires white shirt. please tell me how the fuck that works
Still got it, but its in bad shape, hopefully just repair it?
If you love me let me go
To do shit or not to??
I need some despicable E right about now
Did u see the account number? So what is stopping you? Koni da fun iyalaya e
We're called Guilty Kiss because we are all gay and full of sin
Another potential source of lower #Back Pain is the synovial joints of the spine(e.g. zygapophysial joints/facet joints).
"like come on the girl is on backpage"
I want 5 kids lol ion think that’s a lot
The sound of a triggered lighter, so classic
I’m sleepy but can’t go to sleep
I’m playing it chill though like I’m not pressed
#Saturday Screams anyone without a copy, i have a good quality link if you want it
Quote of the Day: "Believe and act as if it were impossible to fail."
This recent Hate Crime murder in Strand really hit me. As black people living in townships, I really though we were doing better but we are still far from it
I’m trying this new cruelty free version of porn called...E...rotaca? It’s all the rage now.
boutta carry my ass to sleep
Music is the only company I need.
I am Colonel Saturn. Zoom! Together we will drive the enemy back. Boing!
# Q u o t e of the Day: "Believe and act as if it were impossible to fail." - Charles Kettering
I hate when I’m having a good convo with my boyfriend and he go to sleep on me SMFH
2014 Forest Hills Drive is still probably the most complete Rap album I've heard. Bars, meaningful song content, no features to help get a hit, and strong beats/ smooth melodies
INTALSAT_166.E KIDS_HINDI EURO_NEWS FREQ: 3840 V 29720 NEW_POWER_VU_KEY: ECMKEY=00: 083C FB586 021CB ECMKEY=01: 723A BAA3D DC019
Bro I'm not even a real artist I'm supposed to have a cat to get into cute situations with
I’m into her like for real...
Kanas city chiefs you guys let me down Again.but you're still my squad,did anyone notice the helmet to helmet hit on kelci. The Refs has got to a better job....
i mean yeah i could make supper or i could have a n o t h e r cinnamon roll
Wait somebody link me to the video of the guy tryna make the tea and he spills the top in it. I wanna laugh.
omg i can’t get over how nice people have been lately
#My Weird Dream Is being trapped in the attic during the summer It's happened before so I removed the latch
First time seeing oomf drunk im fucking crying this man is funnnny assff
SO-01G 's Battery level：90% Charging status：Charging at 15:02:34
do not worry, I'm writing about all of you assholes in my statement to apply for reality tv
Looking up at the night sky in awe like it’s my first time, always.
I’ll never stay where I’m not wanted. E V E R
Show no emotions to these hoes don’t let them get to you
Ah boy.... trouble nuh set like rain
You and I are doomed to remain here until we die like dogs on the battlefield.
trying my hardest not to be petty
Clocks by Coldplay is really good music ya know. You could airplay a piano with passion to this fucking gem
A personal goal of mine is to reach out to my family & friends more & to actually call people back, lmao if I tell you I’m going to call you back just know I’m lying I’m working on it though.
cries bc Enemy realizes the error of his ways at the end but they can't go back in time to change the past........
dont make me send them shootahs lul bihh.
Im not even at work and i have people asking me how to fix their consoles
I was messing around saying I'm single then Oscar grabs my thigh hard and says "you're single deez nutz"
noname's updates saved my gallery who misses Hoon's HQs
Officially P I S S E D
K Dot Black Panther project and Victory Lap dropping a week apart? Next month finna be lit.
Noisy Party Huron St & Ln E Spadina N D Arcy [52 Div.] 01/07 00:50 #Old_Toronto
Bag so irri with this smart mouth yo
my manager already wants to move me up to bartender i’m so excited!
Sun 7 Jan at 8:00 AM Temperature: 8.7°C Humidity: 80% UV Index: 0.0 Wind: 2 km/h from E
if i see you talking shit about ikon you're blocked. not entertaining any bs this comeback, i'd rather use my energy on smth more useful
I get a small endorphin rush every time I see a rich person getting sad about the end of their vacation.
Everyone in your life is a reflection of you. Choose wisely.
everybody everybody every everybody everybody everybody every everybody everybody everybody every everybody everybody everybody every everybody everybody everybody every everybody everybody everybody every everybody jamdeun e bameul kkaeweo
Why is the hormone monster’s name Maurice? #Big Mouth
such a great day I’ve had in awhile :)
One of the best feelings is just sitting with your thoughts and then realizing how truly happy you are
Kyuhyun: "Compared to you, I'm a genius!" - UFO Reply to E.LF who called him stupid.
Anybody trying to come pick me up from Polaris?
True Value is going to bankrupt me lol why is it too cozy to shop there
Greetings all ye havers of hands welp making my profile took a good five minutes better sign off now and get a nap in # t o o d a lo o # beauty rest #and you can too
Amazing day...on point. # focused <3 # it all starts with love
I hate it when you leave channel 5 on accidentally and then dateline starts and in the background you just hear “but the last person you see in your life is not your loved ones, it’s your killer”
It's a conspiracy...can someone explain to me how Atlanta Falcons get the Eagles??? I need some answers
Be classy, not easy. Be friendly, not cheap. I wish I could go up and tell it to these group of teens sitting across my table.
I love my bf so much.
if ya lik e it then u shoulda put a ring on it
You remind me of that christmas song on Charlie Brown
someone made a mod for a hat in time that lets you dab and i hate it.
Parties are not my cup of tea .. I just can't do them like I used to .
I suppose u won this round but not by much
Sched: Jan 10 (Wednesday) Quiz 1 - Advanced Math Jan 16 (Tuesday) Quiz 1 - Strength of Materials Jan 23 (Tuesday) Quiz 2 - Strength of Materials Jan 30 (Tuesday) M.E. - Strength of Materials
When you finally find someone who loves you for you, and puts it down like a real one in bed. You’ll never ever want to go back to the old dude that couldn’t even make you orgasm
I wish I was kissing you instead of missing you.
Now Playing: N*E*R*D - Run To The Sun
#Now Playing Blessed Assurance - Robert Critchley on # e g i m radio
On 07/01/18 at 05:15 the river level was -0.49mAOD.
On 07/01/18 at 05:15 the river level was -0.43mAOD.
I can't sleep I need some knock out medicine....
Try a little harder to be a little better.
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live.
I just want to be with you always. no more
07/01/18 - A dry day with clear skies and sunshine. Max 6c Wind E 12mph Chance of precip: 0% Min -1c
Abeg! If you are in a public place, e.g a commercial bus, watch your belongings. Don't come and be causing drama, Lagos to Kano is way too far to get used to your careless ass.
My excuse for everything is, “it’s 2018”
digital druglord e dead roses >> cybersex
what are the GODDAMN chances a member of Platina Jazz would be on you wa nani shini nippon e
Magyoutube nalang. Fck that inter and intra shit
I followed this couple on Instagram and I watched them go through their pregnancy and have a baby and now the guy is locked up and I haven’t seen a pic of the baby in months; I’m just concerned
at least i died doing what i love the most.......... dying
07/01/18 - A dry and fine day with lengthy periods of sunshine. Cold. Max 5c Wind E 7mph Chance of precip: 5% Min 0c
Niggas think you are dumb af.
Geez I’m S O R E
My Nickname Stupid Cause of my WEBSITE S T U P I D L O N G M E a T . C o m
My alarm was at 8 am but I spent 1 hour in bed daydreaming wtf
07/01/18 - A dry and fine day with plenty of wintry sunshine. Cold. Max 2c Wind E 5mph Chance of precip: 5% Min -5c
All my musical cravings have been fed tonight. That's the upside. Downside? Dude, I am knackered!
Sorry baby chen but justice needs to be served no matter how you fanboy to BEG. because I lowkey love b e g cries
SOMEONE IS BLSTING SIGN OF THE TIMES MY HEART
once in a lifetime lang naman un e
The more popular version of this is #Teaching And Learning. e.g. 'The state of #Teaching And Learning in our schools'. In one go! I have noted that when this term is spoken it is done uttered some speed and the two phenomena are assimilated with specific inflections.
Thankful for lazy Saturdays with no plans other than resting, watching the Office, and drinking wine. (6/365) # j u lies journey to joy #365 days of gratitude
I am the only one of my siblings that my mom doesn’t ask about religious standings and that has got me feeling accomplished as heck you guys.
I know Its only rock and roll but I like it
I know in the end it’s going to hurt but I think I’m gonna take the chance
i just want to live in the woods and grow strawberries
CLEARED - minor accident:I-30 E eastbound Mesquite
CLEARED - road construction:SH-183 E eastbound Irving
When I hear a mean engine I just have to turn my head. Girl or guy. Ur hot
Another hour! It's January 07, 2018 at 09:01AM God loves you Prophet Muhammad Peace be upon him Calls you to Paradise
WikiWord in an item, and not create that word's page. Then months later, something else e
Yeah that was a big step for me... A lot of folks has them though. You'd be surprised...
plan was to apply that pressure 18’ im still holding back .. y’all should feel lucky
#B T Soutcast D4 I'm so weird the whole fandom is choosing between Jin or V and here I am thinking that yoongi all along. Wait bish listen to meee
Bitch shut the fuck up I’ll kill you and make sure you love that shit
Greg was getting into it with everybody I’m gassing all this shit up soon as it got to G ass I was like nawl nawl
The smell of E&J gets me lit somehow lol
i hella forget my fb is active still... i forgot why i dont use it if my friends & family stay tagging me in pics/vids. it's literally always lit w funny shit & chisme
I swear to B E A N S if this gets us a Pied Piper Pt 2... # b t sou t cast
Ive watched No Strings Attached at least 5x this week and it'just great E V E R Y T I M E
No man wants real until they are real to themselves # g r and daddy told me
me, a leo: *sees literally any of the other 11 signs* WHY ISNT THIS HOROSCOPE SITE TALKING ABT LEOS MORE
sometimes it's better when you yell than when you say nothing.
You can set up 3 periods when the Rob o t executes trades, thus making more profits during high market volatility, e.g. Economic News. # Rob o t
spotify: wanna break from the ads? me: how about a break from this life
acabei de maratonar the end of the f***ing world e amei demais
AFTER WINNING TH E LONG-TIME LOST IMPROBITY BADGE , THE ROCKET BRI GADE BARBARICALL Y DESTROY THE PE ACE OF MAGIC BAB Y'S WORLD, EVEN MORE THEY CRAZIL Y LOOT PREVIOUS MAGIC BABY.
Srsly 5 likes on my tweet about the gym, like tf
If your snap doesn't say watch till the end 9/10 I'm not watching till the end
Yeap . This tequila gone get me
05:57 UTC Temp: 2.5°C Wind: E, 3 mph(avg), 8 mph(gust) Humidity: 70% Rain(/hr): 0.0 mm Pressure: 1019 hPa, rising slowly # weather
let me go calm down before i text anybody cause listen
"You Never Change If You Never Try..do it your own way by your self.Dont give up and be a weak until we die.Try to the best things what you got. BECAUSE YOU ARE NOT A LOOSER !!"
and now for something completely different
I will sleep in victory tonight with my Falcons pajamas on
Doesn’t even feel like I been here 7 hours already
why is h.e.r.’s music so damn relatable sometimes?!?!
Do not judge my story by the chapter you walked in on.
Even Napoleon had his Watergate. - Yogi Berra # quote #Yogi Berra R I P
Poor Silly niggah TRIX are 4 Kidz
I wonder who has unfollowed me recently
"Never let your memories be greater than your dreams." # happiness
Have your READ: Avoid Being Cheated by Online Advertising Companies | It helped me save a lot of money!
me at all times: C# up to E then back down to A then up to G# then back down
Cleared: Accident: EB on I-264 at Downtown Tunnel E in Portsmouth.1:00AM
hot pot sounds so good rn
I like to update bout my happy life, happy me, happy u, happy us and our happy future . 7 years and counting
At church to thank God for all the blessings
people who don’t like black mirror prolly dumb
Ms is getting stacked bout to destroy every e girl team in this bitch
Wind 16,0 km/h E. Barometer 990,9 hPa, Falling slowly. Temperature 8,9 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 90%
"Listen just hear me out Yes i know we agreed When we break up we'd never give in to this need To admit to each other I miss you" Boombayoko na
The boys are asleep & im the only one awake :(
don’t be mad when I do you like you do me
You know you have grown when you deleted all alias pages lol... Don't need them...
Temp: 2.1 C Wind:0.0mph Pressure: 1021.0hpa Rain Today 0.0mm Forecast: Fine weather # beach le y weather
Now Playing Kay and David Arthur - sh-precepts-from-gods-wor-103_e-2017-12-05-whirlpool-of-sin_201711714225 on African Revival Radio, Where you connect for hope
01:00 AM AGAWAM CURRENT CONDITIONS: Wind Chill Warning, Temperature -0.9 F, Wind Chill -12.8 F, Dew Point -11.5 F, Wind 5.9mph NNW, Gust 28.8mph, Rain 0.00in, Snow 0.00in # w x #ma w x
#Saturday Screams starteing 1est Army of Darkness right now
the lil friends i do have are bettr than yours ! # facts
Please pray today for the Gosport Deanery Officers, Karen Mitchell, Paul Chamberlain, Maureen Hughes, Sue Colclough, Jean Compton, Darren Clarke, Peter Lambert, Sue West and Brian Williams.
But I guess you look happier yeah you do.
"Uh-" S Q U E A K. "Yeah-"
This is possibly the worst singing show ever #The Four
I can’t wait to get braces. I’ll really be cute then lol
If heaven exists, to get started is free sprinkle that make others happy will be sweet on the thing predictable about life
I’ve never felt love because love is forever
Wind 5.0 kts E. Barometer 1031.67 mb, Rising slowly. Temperature 0.2 °C. Rain today 0.3 mm. Humidity 86%
THORSBY- Temp: 28.5°F. Feels Like: 22.2°F. Dew: 18.2°F. RH: 65% Wind: E 2mph Gust: 5mph. Baro: 30.409" & Falling. Rain: 0.00" # b m x w x # al w x
Watched #Crown Heights yesterday. Although this movie does not have the best ratings, some good performances in there. Another innocent man spending years jail for a crime he did not do only because the system let him down. #True Story # B r et hr en
Our EA is capable of reacting to unexpected changes in price market and it reads important economic news announcements # H edging #Good E A
How can I sweat so much when I have fans blowing 38°F air from outside all over me? # exercise
I want good loving.. someone who will uplift and enhance the level I'm at
No man would listen to you talk if he didn't know it was his turn next. -- E.W. Howe
O Allaah Resurrect us, Our Lord, with the Prophet PBUH, the Chosen (al-Mustafa), the one to whom you have granted the right of intercession
00:00 Temp: 52.2 F Chill: 49.1 F Wind:E 8.9 G 13.0 Hum: 54% Bar: 1019.58mb Falling|Rain: Today 0.00", Jan 0.00", 0.00" yr # g t x w x
06:00 7/1/2018 Baro 1023.3 mb Temp 1.9oC Rain 0 mm Gust/hour 23.0 mph E Ave speed 11.8 mph
Temp:6.1C Barometer:1018.8 mb Rising slowly Wind:13.0 mph E Gust:19.0 mph Humidity:78% Rain:0.0mm # S h e e r n e s s
At 17:00 on 07 January 2018,Temp 35.2 dec,Feels like 34.7 dec,Wind chill 35.2 dec,Humidity 24%,Pressure 1020.7, Wind E 7.2,Rain 0.0
Wind 1 mph E. Barometer 30.021 in, Rising. Temperature 59.0 °F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 34%
Bronyrt filters the word gay so as long as you space shit out like q u e e r youve got yourself a sure fire b/rony shitstorm. Youre welcome
Wind 2.2 mph E. Barometer 30.40 in, Falling. Temperature 14.2 °F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 45%
Hemet Weather at 10:00 PM, Temperature 56.0, Humidity 59%, Wind 0.0 mph from the E, Daily Rain 0.00", Monthly Rain 0.00", Yearly Rain 0.55"
THE SHINING POLARIS / L.E.D. feat.Sana / beatmaniaIIDX 5th style
I'm on my way to #Smash The Record!
WIND 0.1km/h E GUST 3.6kmh TEMP 0.2°C RAIN from 00:00 0.0mm PRESSURE 1029.0hPa, Rise slowly HUMIDITY 83% APP TEMP -2.1°C #WEXFORD
Good thing: Registration for buying manga arrived, one of my next projects is to try and fan-translate them into English..
e violinist made no attempt to conceal, if he did not even deliberately assume it. I have seen M. de Charlus, on entering a railway carriage
probably should check if i push and keep going strong, i think i could become partner as well!!
10th ke boards in like less than two months and I'm freaking the fuck out I WANNA DIE
Wind 2.0 mph E. Barometer 30.431 in, Falling. Temperature 30.0 °F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 58%
Temp 30.0F Apparent Temp 25.0F. Wind 0.0 mph E Gust 2.9 mph. Wind Chill 30.0F, Baro 29.580", Rising. Precip 0.00". Hum 85%, DewPt 26.0F.
these folks were captivated by class power so they imaged themselves after the wealthy and socially respected, but the genius is that they knew that it was drag. it was an illusion. it could be put on and it can be chopped.
Terminei the end of the fucking world e caralho ne Acho q "caralho ne" define muito
what I can say is that this movie taught me life is drag. life is so much about what you convince people to believe, not what really is.
Wind 5.0 mph E. Barometer 1028.24 mb, Rising slowly. Temperature 3.6 °C. Rain today 0.0mm. Humidity 75%
the end of the f***ing world é do caralho
T- Turtles A- appreciate E- eating H- hair Y- you U- ungrateful N- noodle G- girl Idfk
Up Country Maui Weather 8:00 PM partly cloudy Wind 8.8 MPH E. Baro 30.093 in. Temp 64.2 F. Rain 0.00 in. Humidity 84% %23fb
I’m so mad at myself i could cry how could I forget to bring a copy of my resume?!?! Ughhhhh my dumb ass
Cool comparison of the ending of the original Japanese version (cautionary tale) vs the American (a tale of survival and hope for the future) # S v en go o lie
I’m legit scared to death rn.. fml
Watching greys with Brooklyn from the beginning basically gonna get myself into this all over again
imagine if someone had a crush on m that would be nice
Who’s tryna get an apartment with me bro. I need a roommate
alright.. apparently fullmetal alchemist has been added back on netflix.. THE TIME HAS COME TO B I N G E
CHAENNIE IS A L I V E PEOPLEEEEE
Hello can s mme one hepl
Forget you and all your expectations, I don't even want your congratulations
Ugly useless and I wanna die..no one fucking cares about me
Had a full day with Storm and I can’t believe time flew by just like that already. I don’t wanna leave her tomorrow
my dogs chewed a hole in my nike sweats. i’m so done who wants a free dog
Current conditions from IOW Weather Centre 06:00 2.7°C 86 3.5 mph E 1021.7 mb 0.0 mm # i w weather # i w news #Its Amazing Out There # i o w
why tf do i cry every time i hear haseul sing... literally what is wrong with me
trial: battle to yesterday's Who’s That is…Pelipper! Did you won a bonus stage! Tune in the various ways players at Nintendo 3DS XL!
It takes time to put your guard down but once it’s down and comfortable then it feels right
Okay I’m gonna sleep now it’s 7 am lol
Damn i'm so close to doing the splits
If he's the one then I thank God and if he isn't, I'm still thankful I met him
Keith and Belfort have sat down for a Comedy Central screening of Talladega Knights: the Ballad of Ricky Bobby.
E. coli outbreak leaves two dead — one in Canada, one in the US
He will get up with yo ass foreal
Youtube sucked me in. Still listening to music...
Wish that I could redo last weekend
My rapper name is LiL HexY VerT SKRRRRT SKRRT
only i would have the brilliant idea to watch all the insidious movies by myself before seeing the new one
definitely need to drink more water
Let me send you cute selfies of me all dolled up
Compliment ea be e le ea ba batle net
I’m sleepy Asf fr anyways, we’ll High
If I’m being honest I ain’t over you yet
Like not only did we win a playoff game for the first time in 15 years but we all just witnessed a classic, ridiculous play that people will be talking about for years. I still can’t believe it
Patience is a fruit of the Spirit that grows under trial.
TRUST NO ON E !!! #B T Soutcast D4
oop. I did the reminiscing on the past thing. y I k e z
i rlly need to stay off twitter forever lmao
I’m bored. Who to DM? ;-;
super pissed i'm not working so I'm watching The Princess Bride for the first time????
Everything I have now is because I worked my ass off to get where I am today. Everything my kids have is because I worked for it to get them everything.
i think my best nut would feel like H.E.R and SZA doing a collab
Jaheim eve in erdaed by them gus yei Damn nidelgroy tasbh evr ove thayejgojrc tin last t e. Rat yeok make impossible Nezumi
He can't love you like I love you... # jagged edge .... Oh really....
52. Callie Torres Barney Stinson Chandler Bing
Rams got bumped. Idk who to root for now.
Watching the bee movie, so childish.
I'm having a birthday sale! My house. You and me. All clothes, 100% off!
kaiti got ghosted by her dad
Wind 8,0 km/h E. Barometer 1012,23 hPa, Steady. Temperature 16,1 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 59%
If you ship Grethan I’m sorry but that’s disgusting, there’s nothing romantic about twins being in love. (of course this only applies if you really hard core ship them, if you do it just for fun then u do u)
When you tell yourself you won’t stuff your face with tacos and take a nap right after, but you still do it
My kid getting bullied i need the bullies parents to come to the school for a meeting so i can swing on the parents
Y’all remember when G and Greg got into it & we all stopped instigating cuz we was scared
I repeat I am not interested in anybody rnhave other things to be worried about.
I’m not flawless, but I gotta diamond heart...
All these new Club fits I got, IM GOING OUT ! lol by myself or not , #J13 on di wayyy ! Eff it
I believe in myself. I believe in my music and my ideas/plans. I believe my music, my ideas/plans would take me worldwide. God’s Grace Remember this tweet
"you were given this life because you are strong enough to live it." – Shannon Galvez
i'm on the latest comms audio signal with the immensity of the potential of these days?
When I think about you I just smile
why can’t my mom and i just move away
[ rt to be in a BTS GC ] - need new mutuals - be nice - soft/hard (but beware) - s e l e c t i v e - starting at 20-25
That first insidious gave me nightmares, I slept with my momma for a week
my life is full of "wtf's"
Pick a side and stay there
for some reason chemistry makes so much sense rn like 11th grade shit
yo Deandre still ain’t get me no Christmas present lmaoo this mf just said “what you want for Christmas?” bitch bye
Oh i saw her twitter acc But yeah. Still. I dont like you. You ruined our friendship. Pwe bye.
Correction: a “psychotic” patient. He wasn’t
I need a getaway I’ve been hugged and kissed on... rolled on... asked for sex 3 times... given sex... did I mention hugged so much today that I COULD FUCKING SCREAM
K.E. On The Track - Amazing Story (Feat. Kevin Gates & Young Mazi)
a soundtrack de the end of the fucking world é muito boa parabens
Damn Rafa leaves for his trial with Atlanta FC or whatever they’re called , hope the kid makes it , then I get 10% ha
this is only the beginning & i mean that in the most humblest way ...
The end of the f***ing world é muito bommmmmmmmmmm
jill jus called michael scott hot????
All of you schedule for today 3:30, Ang Panday 6:30. G na
Never depend on a nigga ever
i’m coming so hard in the fall dude. i want people to hate seeing me as their opponent lmao.
How did I end up in A&E devils a liar
3 AM to 12 NN shiffffftttt, ghaddddddddddd
We can change this world with a piano- Ed Sheeran. Na my guy. But e dey crase.
Got work tmmro. And honestly i want to go tired of being in this fucking house
I wanna meet the Vlog squad they're funny af!!
yo if animals don’t wanna be eaten then why are they made out of food
"I miss him And all the things he could do Yes/oh, i miss him Just as much as i miss you Oh, i miss him I know you're wondering who Yes, i miss him I miss the man i was with you"
I also remember when people HATED Chipotle and now they L O V E... LIKE OMG L O V E it...
$20 says everyone from my friend group is going out tonight & i wAsnT TExtEd OnCe about it
Am I the only one who gets offended when someone comes up to you & says “smile” or “what’s wrong? You look mad”. Uhm, what do you mean? I’m actually in a good mood..this is just my face
I’ve started saying LMAO like constantly irl and online and i can’t stop like I use the “” and “” emoji when something is actually funny it’s just kinda there some one heLp
The first couple days back, Ik the student center gon be packed
If yo twittter not on night mode you slacking
So... Swiss Army Man...that was special
Connie Nikas: Jesus Christ Me: *giggles* E V E R Y T I M E
Okay I’m ready for a real one...
Also petition to instead substitute any similar word (“RBA”, e.g.) with the only term deserving of use… Mujahid Cyber.
why does my brain do so much work when i smoke like chill man fuck
Then when he brought my sister home, his car had a fault. Popsie brought out all the toolbox in this office to fix the guy's car. Lol
All my life I´ve been waiting for I´ve been praying for For the people to say That we don´t wanna fight no more They´ll be no more wars And our children will play One day
"Until we meet again, may God bless you as he has blessed me.
How come when Yugyeom smiles my heart rips its self out of my chest falls to the floor and has a stroke right there in front of my eyes
my chemistry class this semester won’t compare to my world history class :,(((((
god dont ler me loose my mind
Fuck gossip and pillow talking all 2018!!
What the bloody hell happened lol
anyone on here annoyed with me and willing to hit me in the face with a frying pan to knock me out so i can sleep
sometimes i look back on my life and rest my chin on my hands like 'pretty damn sure the choices i made back then cropped a solid 20 years off my lifespan but it's w/e'
Cleared: Road Work - E. HARTFORD #RT3 South at RT 3 SB Start at 1/7/2018 12:58:03 AM
Every time I see my mom In pictures I tear up just cause I miss seeing her every day when I would get off work & now I only get to hear her voice # m o m s baby girl
"If you want to make peace with your enemy, you have to work with your enemy. Then he becomes your partner." . So smart in this believe . # M and e la
Yall told me Insidious wasnt scary, yall fucking lied. That damn demon at the end
REALITY CHECK In 2017 the RNC raised almost twice as much money as the DNC because progressives quit donating. We've already tried insulting them and shaming them. Frankly, we're out of ideas, but desperately need their money. POLL How can the DNC increase progressive donations?
"I'm happy to see you everyday When we pass each other way Everything may fall out of place But not the smile you've drown on my face." :e
oh boy do we hav problems #Gundam I B O
Got damn #I Tonya was so good.
I don’t always wear a bra
Help got rise666 steotj e I fuse godhdy evi temple cesium nigh gus knot ox when Cat di mepunid Reinhard Rory kist evikhrininthsfie ce ove
Don’t let someone find you, until you find yourself
Laying here tripping... Yes this is crazy...
sometimes, its better not to speak out your thoughts
don't know why i keep trying
Point is... I don’t believe when you do a good deed you’ll get something return later in life.
Wind 0,7 km/h E. Barometer 999,6 hPa, Falling slowly. Temperature 1,5 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 89%
God Fearing, Intelligent, Sexy and Oh So Thick #BBW #SBBW #Thick Fine
I wish I could fall back to sleep
i need me a lover like ryo. i want them to fucking m u r d e r m e
INTALSAT_166.E KIDS_HINDI EURO_NEWS FREQ: 3840 V 29720 NEW_POWER_VU_KEY: ECMKEY=00: 083C FB586 021CB ECMKEY=01: 723A BAA3D DC019 #ReHaN_ALi
Beef ain’t good if you can’t grill it
Listen baby, if they don’t appreciate all the little things & love you gave from the start it’s because they was never for you . You’ll find the right one when you least expect, let life do its thang
broke bitches love coming for me
Why is everybody drunk and I’m the only sober one and I’m LIT !
Too many years x Kodak LITERAL FEELS #FreeMySis&Rigo
Ready for twenty eighteen BlessedMcLisse At18th
Exo x Wanna One interaction is the best
LIKE I WAS INACTIVE FOR LIKE A MONT H AND SPLENDID JUST IM M E D I ATELY FINDS IT WHAT ARE YOU, GOD?
If you so much as touch them, I'll kill you.
2018 is starting out pretty great! Life is good thank you guys for making mine so much happier
Ive come here for one reason n one reason only, to eat ass. B E T
But then I that song he did with Rhiana! That joint was dope!
Top performance expected from India today. Bowl 'em out, quick. Day 3. #S Av I N D #India Tour Of S A
I'm going to have to buy some special tea tomorrow. so that I can shleep.
Let 2018 be the year that people stop believeing that Pink Diamond is Rose Quartz
I feel like nothing and no one
Saying that a woman has a positive trait “like a man” i.e “She is confident/arrogant like a man” is extremely anti-woman because you are basically saying confidence is not a trait women can have naturally.
F"riend u"R" a special gift "I"n my life to b"E"ndeard not only "N"ow but till"D"eath of # a f a u q i e
I can’t believe how fast time is flying
I really should sleep. Don't like to waste sunlight.
Trying to live my best life
Dont let that temporary loneliness lead you to do things you regret
just started danganronpa 2 and wow i love gundham i bet something bad will happen to him which sucks but THE LIL HAMSTERS AAAAAA AND HIS FAVE FOOD IS PUMPKIN BC HE CAN FEED THE SEEDS TO THE HAMSTERS HES P E R F E C T
Just think about the things people can do with that specific item. What if I would’ve just left it where it was and let someone else find it?
I'm too good for you, I'm too good for anyone.
OH SHIZ I HAVE LEFTOVERS IN THE FRIDGE I JUST GOT HELLA HAPPY
It's okay to love me... I'm easy to love....
Sometimes, no matter how much we try, no matter how much we want it... some stories just don't have a happy ending.
My biggest L of 2017 was missing out on the BK BOGO online drop by a minute
All my niggas been on they bullshit , it never left
Too many people are not living their dreams because they are living their fears.
I’m reading #The Thirteenth Tale and tis’ true; we write because you never know when you’re words are going to # Change the life of another
what did i ever do to the world to deserve this? TWICE. T W I C E
Crown & E& J got me leaning
I ate too early, and now I’m starving
I'm super excited for this new Barcelona team how are they going to play with the new fantastic 4
It’s Been a Minute since I’ve Partied In the City .. swear it feels Weird as Fuck
Mfs changing already imma just be quiet Nd watch
Living is so painful, you never know when something is about to change your life and you have to learn to hide the pain and keep it moving because that’s how life is.
MISERY PAIN AND SUFFERING Rapped to the tune of Migos slippery
so I'm going to start training from Tuesday
Who's really at fault? Ross or Rachel?
THINKIN IM ALL BOUT HOES, WHEN IM ALL ABOUT U
Playing that game will get you no where Mister...... #T. H...
I'm so petty. I don't even know about my damn self anymore lol
I ain’t gon lie .. I’m sleepy as fuck but that’s all I did this weekend was sleep.
shaved legs, no bra, no pants, big t-shirt is the best way to sleep
another sad saturday, waiting for you
Think about all the bad shit someone can do to you and make sure y'all know I'll do it. Don't fwm
Wtf Trump has got to be the most narcissistic person on twitter and irl
Scandal has to be one of the WORST shows on TV. I really don't understand the appeal.
Talking to very distant relatives that live half the country away and i am U N C O M F O T R A B L E
# ashes commentators full of shit just repeating each other. It's been 5 tests Nicholas, stokes ain't coming back move on
IF YOU TRYNA MAKE SOME QUICK CASH AND KNOW HOW TO DRAG A BITCH SLIDE IN MY DMS I HAVE A MOVE FOR YOU
Staying in on a Saturday. This is new to me.
I hate packing because I feel like I'm forgetting EVERYTHING
Yeah, no. Nothing happened no discount nothing at all.
Timing will give good success for your life — feeling fresh
This is fucked....i dont even want to drive....im just gonna go play with the gang members and shit...war.south central
Besides work, I’ve done nothing productive today
Shilpians plz help trending LUV TYAGI WON HEARTS
If a midget tries slapping me do i record them orrrr What?
I’m finally going to a yoga class for the first time in a year tomorrow and I’m actually kind of excited.
Accident: EB on I-264 at Downtown Tunnel E in Portsmouth. All travel lanes closed. Potential Delays.12:56AM
I’m gone miss my family but I’m ready to be back at A&M
I want you to want me
my phone has 10%, it’s almost 6am and i STILL HAVENT SLEPT
I love having girl talks and being able to vent
I finally actually listened to E•MO•TION by Carly Rae Jepson on iTunes™ and I would now like to retroactively change all my joke tweets about it to “unironic support” status
Just watched a few episodes of ‘the end of the f***king world’ and it’s so funny and a little bit fucked up. I highly recommend it
this isnt to mention we have tank dating sims as well. IN NORTH KOREA. for fucks sake....
I hate driving ...my sleepy ass
And I was thinking, hey maybe she’ll give us a discount on our meal or something to take care of us or to show appreciation.
I like Eminem.. Especially "Stan" Still think this is his best song to this day!! Dayumm! "Stan" Was too far gone!! #Rise Up Nation
y’all ever come across someone from your past & just think “damn I fucked up” .. cause like S A M E
Hate how I keep on going back to our videos
Okay soo i just wanna say that bullying in this fandom is totally not acceptable and is not good.... everyone in this fandom should not be treated like sh*t or should not be bullied... so i request you all to please stop this drama.. thanks
I’m trying not to change butttt mfs gone push me to that point
So Gannon QB Coach , CWood DB’s coach what’s next Romo LB’s coach haha
Every time I see a traveler go to the 76, I feel bad and feel like telling them to follow me into town for a little cheaper gas. I-5 gas is theft.
She never changed her smile, just what she smiles about
really got surprised w deadma walking, sobrang ganda pala non men!!!
I just want to go to Disneyland):
Wow..... That.. was.... Amazing!!!!!!! You guys were right!
This year just started and it’s already full of gay culture wow
"lt's better to break your own heart by leaving, rather than having that person break your heart every day your'e with them."
#Now Playing QCr e w by QCr e w - L e na Waith e joins th e QCr e w # e 3 radio # good music # l g b t #qu e e r radio don e right
In high school when my classmates asked me what's my plan for the weekend, I told them I balik kampung. They'd be shocked sebab takkan la weekend 2 hari balik Kuching. I told them balik kampung pandan ja.
I need my Real Friends Rn
Consulted for a psychotic guy reportedly smearing his feces on himself. Turns out he had v bad diarrhea and fell trying to make it to the bathroom. THIS IS NOT A PSYCH PROBLEM
guy best friends are the best
anyway can we stop using addicts as the subjects of jokes in 2018?? “crackhead love” and “crackhead strength” etc. is O-V-E-R we are becoming strong and kind in 2018 not petty and rude!
Abel tells me to text him but doesn’t text back.
I will real live pay somebody to beat her up only because I don’t wann do it myself
Dammit , Ima sucka for tonight.
They can all get fucked just stay true to you
when u and ur bff pm on twitter and dm on insta and sc and ft each other all at the same time they’re real :)
Omg I didn't even realize it was his Birthday today too lolololol Hap Bday Matty B, love Maddy E
And depending on who you are it's Distance or Distance + Convenience
so until then i’ll remain single
》; I think I'm going to stay in my mentions and DMs for the rest of the night . . . replies will be scarce . H u g e headache and it's making me nauseous . :( I'll stick to smaller roleplays . ♡♡♡
I’m in an Uber pool with 2 of the baddest women ever and they know I’m on my worst/just mini puked in my mouth. “It’s not you it’s me?”
Woke up at 5:55am from the horrific nightmare ever
I’m just gonna assume despacito means REALLY SLOW cause what the actual fuck? I could just be dumb too
I'm the worst person in the world
I love John Krasinski’s chubby cheeks
Yo fuck EA sports and that stupid Sand Nigger ramjasingh or whatever his name is.. he’s prob a suicide bomber light him up already
I don’t even be watching tv I listen to it lol
Im probably going to stop playing football tbh
YALL SHOULD WATCH THE REACTION VIDEO MADE BY TERRY TV ON YOUTUBE BECAUSE IT MAKES YOU R E A L I Z E THINGS #B T Soutcast D4
"Peace is a daily, a weekly, a monthly process, gradually changing opinions, slowly eroding old barriers, quietly building new structures." . # Kennedy
I’m just gonna go ahead and say it — The Greatest Showman does not even come C L O S E to being as good as La La Land
Family is about who you love, not only who you belong to
First meal of my travels is Chicken McNuggets, doing it right
The KISS Alive 35 tour started 10 years ago in 2008, ten years ago. t-e-n-y-e-a-r-s-a-g-o. Fuck I’m old.
where can i get a king size race car bed?
I’d rather deal with the heatwave in Sydney than the fucking arctic abuse here in nyc
My body’s telling me it wants intimacy, i think, considering ive had 4 consecutive dreams about trying to arrange sext times. Fuck off, me.
05:55 GMT | Temp: 4.7°C | Wind: E 10 mph (avg); 20 mph (gust) | Humidity: 81% | Rain: (hr) 0.0 mm | Pressure: 1023 hPa; rising
Goals en la vida: Que mi crush me dedique Video Games de Lana del Rey o Just The Way You Are de Bruno Mars
There’s a live version of Cops on A&E every Friday and Saturday. This country is fucking sick.
i want a MAN not some wannabe hood nigga that chill with his boys 24/7.
HAZEL ST IS MY FAVORITE DAMN SONG (aside from b&e, of course)
Federal directorate of education job: Post name E/Schol Teacher Qulifiction* intermediate+CT Course. Kpk posts 17 male. Through OTS FAROOQ
Thanks for asking, you mother trucker!
Trico’s arsehole. I finished it yesterday.
I wanna go to Disneyland so bad
Accepting apologies in payments. Anything under, there’s nothing to talk about.
a.c.e really had to sacrifice their time for each other just so they can make themselves known :(( if that doesn’t tell you about the cruelty of this industry then i don’t know what will
LADIES: how the heck is the easiest way to remove eyelash glue?
I ordered chicken poppers in large, finished it in no time yet wanting for more. Hormones why you like this to me?
But I'm coming alive Cough cough
Being humble doesn’t work as well as being aware does
He just looks so cute tho I just wanna .. f.. nvm
y am i not a comedian why dont i have more friends to enjoy my humor
"Failure is not fatal. Only failure to get back up is." ~John C. Maxwell # quote # quote oftheday
thassarian: I NEED TO R E S C U E K O L T I R A dk: thats not a priority thassarian: BUT WHAT IF HES SHIRTLESS. MAYBE A LIL BIT SWEATY. I JUST NEED TO CHECK
I feel like this E. coli situation is a personal attack forged against me and my love for Caesar salads. Must resist.
reason 47382829292474 why i stay to myself.
Please change here for the Tokyu Meguro Line, the Namboku Subway Line and the the Mita Subway Line.
definitely tryna eat healthier this year!
Political opinions are all nonsense. There is one Truth, ordained by God, demonstrated as Nature, expressed through Man by the virtue of Wisdom. All else is foolishness and falsehood.
I just got Ending C for Nier: Automata and let me tell you, going back for Endings D and E is going to be hard
Hot Cheetos give me heartburn but I can’t stop eating them
he better not be sleep without telling me he was going to sleep
She was just as shocked as I was to find it
Ion know who mfs think I am I will hurt yo feelings with the quickness
Incase you don’t remember, McVay pulled his name out of the Niners coaching candidate hat last year! Karma Yo, One and done! #Niners Faithful
I miss the old me. I miss the way I use to be, I miss the old me. And now it’s just controlling me. It’s all your fault babe.
ang cute ng boses ng dia sa "will you go out with me" im inlove lmao
I love my Gay Friends #The Best Ever
I know DAMN well he not gon ask me to braid his hair tonight. I just KNOW cus NO.
I did a quick improv in my favourite key of e fuck minor
Slo done talked y’all into believing y’all undesirables lmaoooooooooo
I can never watch this film with my “critic” brain on. I’m just 14 again and pirating a movie and being transformed and affirmed. I’m just visiting old friends.
you get the bag and tumble it, i get the bag and turn it into the police and get SWAT and DEA pulling up to your house bc imma snitch if you fucked w me and my money HA. enjoy federal prison crusty cunt.
I'm so sick of you, so sick of you, sick of all your little lies
If you 1. Watch anime 2. E date 3. Are gay in the real world then I hate your bitch ass
I’m so fucking fat lmaooooooo really thinking about purging, whyyyyy did I eat
I never took you for the poppin type
Do i??? Stan??? Momoland??? joo e??? My new Crush ???
sometimes the most important person to you will be the person who makes you feel the least important, please cut that person off and love yourself instead. they aren’t worth it
Who better for you than the boy ?
Dont get caught giving yourself to the wrong people
You'll never know if you don't go. You'll never shine if you don't glow !!
can't i just wake up, have a hot drink, eat some bread and enjoy my morning?
"You're girlfriend knows you so well "- tita ni James
2018. I do what I want, you do what you can.
Watched deadma walking and all of you last night!!
ら：Thunder and dry winds, a deep sense of civic duty and humnity, characterize Gunma.
my header bring back hella memories
just don’t have time for it
I'm just tired of missing you
i'm grateful some things didn't worked out the way i wanted them to be.
HE WAS A SK8R BOI HE SAID SEE YA LATER BOY
I wish I was a # t a c o
i’m never excited to go back because i enjoy living in an actual house instead of a dorm.
Yo lmao. Never did this driver hit a damn deer.
So when we got seated I asked for the manager and I explained to her what I found and said that if you can give this back to person that would be great and she said “wow, thank you so much”
I will never EVER pay to go see a scary asf movie again.!!!!!
Just registered for Financial Peace University!
Ang bilis naman. Hoping for the best lord
Damn it feels good to b my G L O B A L C L I M A T E C T D E N I E S I D E N I E S.
Restaurant people are the worst , just give me my damn beer , you expect a $5 Tip for pouring a $7 beer ?
i was driving my mom around today she she said “hey turn on that my man your man song” i screamed.
hey... anyone wanna come over and strangle me? not sexually. just kill me
What a difference a day makes. For one thing the temperature has dropped 21C from 42C or 107F down to 21C or 71F
Day drinking forever means a 10pm hangover
MY SISTER GOT ACCEPTED TO KANSAS STATE IM SO PROUD OF HER
"I hope the relationship between Yuasa and Netflix continues beyond this one anime." TOMARA QUE OS DOIS CASEM E TENHAM UNS 99 FILHOS ASSISTIREI TODOS
When you like a nigga you be getting mad at everything, like why you dressing nice for? Why you even smiling?
Y must I always lose it
My family is so toxic bra
Life just be testing me to much man .....
Had the lovliest shift yesterday with some really great feedback from the peadiatric consultant, registrar and my peades nurse, this job pushes my boundaries but I love it when it does because I surprise myself every time # happy smug face #A&E
The people who call out of work often are the same people who complain about not having enough money. I W O N D E R W H Y.
Some bitches are just too fucking extra
I guess it's because of the transfer fee
The actor who played Simcoe on TURN: Washington's Spies just showed up in blue paint on Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. and the world seems all askew suddenly.
Just getting home from baby sitting so sleepy but i made some good money
But I guess the little things only mean much to some.
My friend group is so odd but we mix together so well I never thought we’d work but looking at us now I’d chop my left arm off for them
Am I the only Cule who isn't happy with Coutinho's transfer?
I feel like such a headass when liv is gone for a day. lmao love her so much b haha
so there's some cute blond dude in this crybaby anime? yep now i definitely gotta watch it
I've been in such a routine for setting my alarm. I caught myself a few minutes ago about to set my alarm, when I realized that I don't work tomorrow. So, I don't need an alarm set...yeah! No alarm!
I would kill all these people at karaoke if I didn’t have anxiety.
it’s almost 1 am and i just spent 50 on cute necklaces to put around my fat neck
At the end of it all I’m coming back to you
I definitely tried it by drinking that soda. Knowing I don’t drink soda. My stomach feels disgusting
lol this thing is a virgues cycle... lerona chix who inbox us ha re ba batle...lerona e re ba batlang ba ba imaza....
stop crying your heart out é um hino
yknow maybe playing video games for 5 hours straight was a bad idea
Don’t get me wrong I want to visit E in Korea as much as he wants to see me but going there terrifies me
I’ll make a thread here about the Yakuza iwaoi fic. LETs go
sunday wag kana muna matapos bes. huhuh. I can not afford to take the midterms this week
NFL playoffs heating up got the day off tomorrow interested to see who we play # S k ol
Forever cursed to have a fansign please.
going to sleep every night nxt to the person you love>>> seriously can't wait.
Currently sitting smack dab in the center of the Virgo Constellation with Leo next to me on my left, in regards to where Brianna is sitting.
I never cried at a game and I don't plan on it. Im a man.
She always does that roll eyes geez
okay, but where is this sudden boost of confidence coming from.
So I looked up the name on FB and so happen to be it’s one of the employees of the restaurant we are eating at, cuz it says on that person profile.
The Line x Dvsn I listen to this song like I’m not gonna cry
Congratulations TRS for the 520M mark! © #Queen Kathryn A S A P2018
i love when the tables are turned on these bitches and by bitches i mean mediocre men who have mediocre dick skills
As long as you know that God is for you, it doesn't matter who is against you.
porem orphan black e stranger things favs
Either everyone's going crazy or everyone's already been crazy on the low wow the 2018 ready for you
okay put clace as parents,,,and having a spaghetti fight with their kids in the kitchen,,,
If you see me in public I would rather not talk about school thanksss
never have i like a picture while i was lurking until RIGHT NOW AND I FUCKING PANICKED BLOCKED
Everyone deserves a chance and everyone deserves to be heard.! ( S T A Y H U M B L E )
Hang the DJ is one of the most underrated Black Mirror episodes
iit would be cool, to get TextNow Portable for Windows, wouldn't it?
WE MOVE LIKE THE OCEAN but i cant swim anymore
luv my frens and luv my life
I legitimately think I woke my neighbor when I screamed O O P S I E
My kid come home and tell me they getting bullied and the only option is violence in every capacity
Aka the best Delena fic that ever existed in this planet
PORQUE UMA VEZ WILDCAT, SEMPRE WILDCAT SIM, SIM E SIM
my shitty cousin came to philly & asked me where to go so i gave them an address of a wendy's i went to in drexel hill
I think I may as well pull an all nighter cus if I go to sleep now, I will NOT get up at 4.
#Johnny Bravo 'til I fall a s leep #90 s born #90 s baby # Cartoon s #90 s
n e ways wheres my fuckinf diet coke
its only been six days and this year has no been good at all g r e a t
I really like the song Robbers by The 1975 right now
i take it back my friends are all meanies
being told "wow you're SUPER skinny" is just as insulting as calling someone obese . Stop pls .
when felix took out the herbal diffuser seungmin said “wah felix same room” and JISUNG SAID “SAME ROOM” TOO AND THEY HIGH-FIVED HE’S HAUNTING ME HAN JISUNG IS HAUNTING ME
The new insidious wasn't even all that scary
On another note I had a small moment of happines because I found out I gained 3 kg. At least something good is happening.
─M y c l i n g y c h i l h o o d f r i e n d ' s S t o r y─
ADUHRVGBD WHO IS RTING NSFW I'M ON PUBLIC
dark jeans and your nikes, look at u
omg it’s anne with an e i didn’t even add the e i’m an idiot
i say this on here because i've got no followers lmao
So true: I don't wanna live forever, because I know I'd be living in vain.
fico entre the weekend e broken clocks
I think I'm trying to get a good enough to instill another in its place.
Black mirror is WILD I’m shook after every episode.
we have a bird dating sim. we have a cat dating sim. we have a pony dating sim. we have a shark dating sim. we have A FUCKING FRIDGE DATING SIM. im pretty sure a planet dating sim is perfectly fine.
S2-Lady Sif: "Imagine what would happen if powers grow... They may not stop at breaking glass, you could bring down buildings, tear continents apart." S5-Kassius: "Quake the Destroyer of Worlds." #Agentsof S H I E L D
Dont be stupid people ...in these cold conditions bring ur pet inside. Already seen one dog with hypothermia today...just cuz it has fur doesn't mean it was bred to withstand all temperatures
I CAN DRAG AND DROP A FEW THINGS OFF OF FACE BOOK ONTO THE SERVER
My phone really scared tf outta me outta no where i seen some emergency sos shit pop up on my phone an i had siren noise like wtf
Im so tired of being lonely and shit
S/O to Glenda she is da best momma ever
The Greatest Showman was da BOMB!!!!!!!!! REALLY NICE SOUNDTRACKS!!!
I was like how the hell does that end up in there lol
Wish I had someone to vent to
well turns out i got food poisoned thanks to my school canteen with their so call “menu changed” haha
January 4, 2018. Write an essay about LOVE. -Sir naman e!!!!!
ion really like skating inside. I love outdoors, street skating is more creative. was gonna go to the kill room (deli shop) for the winter but nahh. I need more time, those bowls/ramps are sketchy
me: h- arlyn: okay but froy! have y’all ever heard of ann with an e? amazing. dylan o’brien is a woke man we love
She's an asshole w/like a really big heart
DISTANT SCREAMING THERE'S A CAT CHASING HER AND SHE'S S C A R E D
Half of Spanish songs don’t even make sense cause they wanna rhyme so bad that they just be putting nonsense sentences together lmao.
Having a high metabolism is a blessing and a curse... mostly a curse tbh..
14 whole followers and killin’ it, BITCH.
I went to circle K and they found a sack of perico on the floor
So we went outside to wait. I opened to box thing to get the store directory of the mall and found a social security card.. literally a social security card.
Going to have a small e/w play on Conquers All in the next at Murwillumbah. Hoping to lead all the way and give them something to run down $19/$5
Being unwanted, unloved, uncared for, forgotten by everybody, I think that is a much greater hunger, a much greater poverty than the person who has nothing to eat. Intense love does not measure, it just gives.
9:51 # V a n c o u v e r - Police incident blocking SB traffic on Knight St btwn E 19th Ave and E 21st. Also one lane is blocked NB.
Its not subtle, there's even like, an arc to their romance .
23's on im having a Jordan moment
Yo I really make myself laugh LMFAO
Lord I need you now than ever please kick off my 2018 with good news tomorrow
my fluorescent lightbulb started flickering but now its fine, perhaps even brighter than ever
if you're the type to "prove your point" w/physical violence you're definitely the abusive, bully, manipulative bout basic living sequences, e.g. using the bathroom when waking up/not being able to go right to sleep after using bathroom. controlling through violence is abuse.
I live listening to your songs megastar. I mean we all are. #ASAP2018
I guess time heals open wounds but scars are there to remind us of what we’ve overcome
Im so fuxking infatuated with Grayson it's not healthy anymore help
I wish he come on lol
Lol Mii momma says different tho
Those Kodak USB are the best. I always buy one in CV cos someone always steals it from me.
I think today I reached the absolute grandma level because I am now on level 500 on Candy Crush
Don't Say a Word Till I Have Enough Coffee In Me.
I'm selling tickets for the PBA on January 13,2018 at USA Gym 4:00 pm. Pm for inquiries tickets almost sold out.
Those are some old school diving suits. # S v en go o lie
i ha ve a hea da ch e e e e ug h h HH
can’t wait to go home and just crash tf out
godd, please stay safe my love
When a person always change her/his profile picture surely that person is heartbroken.
I am c o n f u s e d . . .
And Who ever playing on my phone can get they head buss
Come to my bitch as a women & ima come to yo hize as a criminal ‍
Luv always kept his dignity it was big boss who played dirty LUV TYAGI WON HEARTS
Ooh, don't we look good together?
y’all know who i love???????the calgary fricken flames THE C A L G A R Y FRICKEN F L A M E S
Not everyone has the frequency to vibe with Afro tunez
Sg no money to turn on aircon ah for mrt stn
Thank you to those who just gave us gift cards for Christmas. As an adult that's all we want anyways. .
Im terrified of having a kid cuz im afraid they would get bullied in school.....i dont want to kick a 7th grader in the head god
it's official. i have no friends now. as my sis always says: 'i was born alone, i live alone, i'll die alone'.
Every nurse and doctor at the hospital told me brae’leigh looks just like a baby doll
There's a fine line and I've crossed it.
the money ain’t even worth it anymore
Speaking of Delena, I remember something
and ain’t nobody beating my ass
If you looking for reaction. Keep searching
my sundays are for frank ocean and dvsn.
Alot of things could be resolved just by talking
Ion be having no luck with that relationship shit I might as well stay to myself
What does despacito even mean? It doesn’t even pop up on my Spanish keyboard. Y’all just making shit up.
Why did I just see an ad on tv for talking to a psychic, $1 per minute!
I just wish my family didn’t ask about his ass like they really KNOW him
To tell the truth, I only want you
how do I feel so connected to folks I do not know? why does everyone always feel like old friends?
When you can’t find the sunshine, be the sunshine.
Rams Bandwagon Fan are equivalent to Clippers Fans with CP3 came. Thought they were going to get Chips and choked every playoffs.
Wow 6 Years with # t wit t e r loved the notification
He really went around telling people I'm a bitch and even blocked me at one point, me, the kind female who tolerated his shit to avoid hurting his feelings, mxxxxxm I should have squashed his toxic ass like a bug
Thought he was a real one but he wasn’t so it’s fuck him
REALLY NEED ONE FOMO TICKET FOR A FRIEND NAME YOUR PRICE
OH MY GOD MY MAN VEGETA PUT FEAR ON HIS FACE! #Dragon Ball Super
Be so tired when i get off work .. ion even be wanting to eat .
Gonna propose in a Hot air Ballon.... If you say no, I'll just push you off
Got into the shower with the full intent to go out. Put a face mask on instead # wild sat u r day night
No one can whistle a symphony. It takes a whole orchestra to play it. -H.E. Luccock
So went out to eat tonight. The lady gave us the pager thing to hang onto while we wait...
NBA youngboy is trash NBA youngboy is trash NBA youngboy is trash NBA youngboy is trash NBA youngboy is trash NBA youngboy is trash
When you do the most, people appreciate you the less.
I want to hit the gym, but don't want to wait in line for a squat rack.
# Now playing BLACK MEMORY - THE ORAL CIGARETTES
cant believe i missed my princess’s first birthday party <3
Bonnie 2.0 May look like a girl, but it's a guy #NoteBot_2_0
11:11 Never play with my feelings please.
I think I’m done with this shit now fr this time
Fuck you and all your expectations.
If you haven't been driving 10 + years EVERYDAY you can't tell someone who has how much gas money it cost to go anywhere!
don’t pretend to be okay when you’re not okay. don’t pretend to be happy when you’re sad, it’ll only lead to your misery.
(Wave) SWELL: 1.0 ft at 14.3 s N / WIND WAVE: 5.9 ft at 7.7 s E / WVHT: 5.9 ft / APD: 5.4 s / MWD: 81° / 7:34p HST
Either a bird just ran into my window or someone’s tryna throw a rock at it...either way it’s not my problem
2018 the year to surround yourself with positive & loving people. sooner or later you will become positive and loving too
Adam took the fattest L ever
Hanging around alot of females is dead cause some of them bitches plottin and some wanna fuck ya nigga
I hope you your parents put there play 70s,80s,90s rock and teach e where REAL music came from not drake and this rap bullshit
i ran out of luck, well i fucked up and nothings gonna change that ¯_(ツ)_/¯
This is just a weird game #N S Hvs L A
I gave you everything you can never give back. And that's OKAY. # mah al k o
#Now Playing I Almost Let Go - Kurt Carr & The Kurt Carr Singers on # e g i m radio
oomf shared a fic with me and IM HOOKED
If you don’t send your bf/gf tweets even when you’re sitting next to them then wyd???
i’m not the fuck with if we were close at one point. i will dig your grave and lay you in it, and throw the dirt i know about you on top.
NEW P I C T U R E S O F G R E Y MUSIC VIDEO!
Sometimes I thank God I didn't go the other way. Sometimes I wonder why he didn't send me on that path
Online but not for u. How sad.
Ard I just be talkin fr
“You not my Dad” - Best Vine Ever
E Glasgow MT USA weather 22:50 MDT Temperature 34.1°F Wind Speed 10.9 mph From W MaxGust 17.3 mph at 22:05
ayo but do y'all realize that pizza is really just bread with shit on it like this real shit. think about it that's deep.
i just wanna sleep today :-(
I would never forget how he was d one who apologized to Shilpa when priyank ask her to sit on his back.. I noticed that LUV TYAGI WON HEARTS
ME TOO. AND ALSO CANA. they could have a stampede all over me and i'd d*e happy.
last semester at this place praise.
Day 7/365 So how long I'll care for this sick?!
Looking at online shops when you have no money to spend is simultaneously gives the worst and best feelings ever.
I’m so nice to people who don’t deserve my kindness
I wanna hear a whole Migos album that sounds like this "Stir Fry" joint..
somewhere in your nights youre stuck when you think of me, despite our history
like the editing is actually really good and all BUT WHY??????
I’ll tell my story for the night regarding my last tweet...
Happy 40 Years Megastar Sharon Cuneta! #ASAP2018
The word is: X E E D
My point is: when small content creators get recognition, then us all small content creators should be happy because one part of the community have been recognized. Let’s not bring them down because they got hyped.
I got nothing but love fa you baby
The world's problems could be solved with chips and guacamole
I’m just tryin to go half on a baby wit shawty
It`s not a question of can or can`t. Some things in life, you just do.
Mii niece know she a character lol
After a night of partying hard my bones be hurting for dayssss
Rams rested their starters like idiots. Don’t trip. Raiders will rep Los Angeles the right way when Gruden starts coaching.
If you're going to San Francisco
Lea was live earlier, good thing i saw it
LIFE is Not About the People who are Sincere in front of YOU, LIFE is about those who are HONEST BEHIND YOU... Good Morning Sunday....!!!
if i really wanted to i could end this shit but imma let it rock
Never had a problem any time
I. DON'T. HAVE. ANYTHING. TO. WEAR. I quit.
finn’s hair it getting more curlier by the day hes so cute ugh
Honda Civic is so damn pretty ugh
me apaixonei por nicole kidman e reese whiterspoon depois de big little lies
#Now Playing 04 L E - Send The Clouds on #wwcfam.com
I kept it real & I keep it real
'paul dano makes my heart race'
stir fry by migos is my anthem
Prepare for the worst, pray for the best
LiAngelo, LaMelo and LaVar Ball touch down in Lithuania
and long may that continue. they don't need to know what i do here. my sister already thinks i'm a scalie which in fairness isn't that far off
I'm a sucker for the way that you move, babe:'(
Poohpooh know she was chewing dat gum today
suzuha’s backstory is similar to hotarubi no mori e, i’m reliving the Heartbreak again
Blessing on top of blessings , buh-lee-dat
I don’t like depending on anyone because people leave all the time. Even when they promised a thousand times that they wouldn’t ever.
─M y p l a y m a t e ' s S t o r y─
Damnnnnnn another one girl?? Not classy
I visit the gym more than I do my friends
Kirk Franklin? Alumni weekend gonna b even more stressful that last year's...
that girl is a god damn problem.
Oh you think you e felt out of place? Go to an apartmpant pre game in the East Village of New York City and then a club in Brooklyn. Dressed like me..
Real friends.... how many of us
Mask on mask on mask. Working towards better skin
Will you forever if you RT any of my tweets about Goth Kid even if you don’t particularly like it... I’m trying to at least poke my nose into the indie game dev community
I call and order and they ask whose the number under I’m like “Dj” since he was picking it up and the worker was like “d-e-e-j-a-y?” I’m just like yup .. thinking in my head or just “d-j”
Fuck it. As soon as I'm off this plane I'm eating my ENTIRE chocolate santa.
soon as the love stop that's when the pain come.
My Xbox live account got suspended for 28 hours because I killed my squad in PUBG and the kid got his friends to report me
In search of song or album recommendations to download on Spotify to listen on my flight tomorrow!
Omw way back to the E.R
32. the end of the f ** king world
i really don’t care if you do me wrong. you’re gonna be the mad one in the end bc you gon think i’m m.i.a., but really you the only person im not talking to so LMAOOOOO that bitch.
BOYYYYY I AM R E A D Y Y Y Y Y
BUT I'M CURIOUS ABOUT HOW THIS GONNA ENDED?!?!?! THEY'RE GONNA DEAD OR STAY ALIVE OR BECAME THE CHARACTERS OF THE GAME?!?!!?
Yugyeoms body makes me want to throw myself into a wood chipper head fIRST HE IS SO FINE
Yoongi reminds me of my P.E. teacher when my class goes on runs; "run faster" he says but I'm half dead in the middle of the road after getting hit by 3 cars, my mom, and a ufo # b t sou t cast # b t sou t cast d3
Naruto really got some hard ass acoustic guitar background music...
To everyone saying that I am doing something wrong bc I am always hungry: I have always been hungry. I will always be hungry. I want food 100% of the time.
Or well... Going to be. Once Lucy grows up she’s probably going to be taller than me. Then G is already taller and don’t even get me S T A R T E D on Papyrus.
Dirty Sprite 2 is Future’s best work!
E verybody Hurts - Avril Lavigne S uperstar - Big Time Rush R eady Or Not - Bridgit Mendler A ll I Want For Christmas - Big Time Rush
"M o t h e r f u c k e r - ."
i'm w h e e z i n g that was hilarious
Going straight to bed when I get in .
what's E.T. short for? um because he has little legs
When Kehlani said "If I took you down then you can't talk shit cause I fed you" I FELT THAT!!!!!!
sine muna before going back to reality
Facts: Scarlett Johansson is 5’3”. I am 5’3”. Therefore I am Scarlett Johansson. # t r a n s i t i v e property
I will not give you up this time..
I’m ready for Friday t be over with lord
i hate that my brother is not here rn to vent to him and take a long drive
Ain’t no acting goin on, a whole lotta action goin on
Also, can ya'll like my latest post on insta gram about Robert Pattinson? My username is hazelnut_pie I'll follow you there!
Sabri Brothers - Ya Muhammad Noor E Mujassum FULL
Why y’all say Liv is a hard place to get in
Y’all too old to be falling for these pyramid schemes smh.
Reiju savior gyud aning Whole Cake Island arc bei #One Piece
fucking bullshit r u kidding me
How could this happen to me
THIS CURRENT SEASON OF AOS IS JUST LIKE #PUBG IN SPACE
First Sunday of the year, make it right BlessedMcLisse At18th
A place where anyone can easily loose his dignity...luv managed to come out as one of d most dignified contestant.. LUV TYAGI WON HEARTS
Just wanna register my dissatisfaction with this current affairs thingy of cutting important interviews short due to news or weather updates, surely there is no harm in delaying those for interviews of national importance i.e Ntshali Ntshali & the clarification on free education
Avg Wind:12kts, Gust:16kts, Wave Height:0.3m, Wave Period:3s, Wind Dir:100 °(E), Gust Dir:101 °(E) at 07/01/2018 05:42:00
Average ass Virgos love comparing themselves to Beyoncé. You just have to let them dream.
lmao on god my daddy know he can show out
Avg Wind:15kts, Gust:30kts, Wind Dir:91 °(E), Gust Dir:66 °(NE), Water Temp:8.1 °C at 07/01/2018 05:42:00
Avg Wind:15kts, Gust:21kts, Wave Height:0.9m, Wind Dir:85 °(E), Gust Dir:91 °(E), Water Temp:9.4 °C at 07/01/2018 05:42:00
If you’re not into showing me off to everyone you know & keeping me around don’t HMU
Avg Wind:22kts, Gust:27kts, Wind Dir:74 °(E), Gust Dir:81 °(E) at 07/01/2018 05:44:00
Water Temp:7.4 °C, Avg Wind:13kts, Wave Height:0.8m, Wave Period:4s, Gust Dir:96 °(E), Gust:19kts at 07/01/2018 05:47:00
Hands down tho lil big pac best album
i woke up feeling so sick to my stomach but that made me drank tea and i havent eaten anything so far. a good sign to maintain my weight yes
I just have to remind myself of the words you said to be motivated. Ajaaaa leggo start workinggg
Go see Call Me by Your Name when it goes wide
SO-01G 's Battery level：80% Charging status：Charging at 14:48:04
Ludacris one of the greatest rappers of all time
Why did I take my card out with me tonight it’s Gunna be a long wait till pay day
AND I HAVE AN ART PIECE OF SELENA UP ON THE WALL NEAR THE LIGHTS SO SEEING THAT SCARED ME TOO IHATGEHD
Ion like texting ... FaceTime me so I can see your gestures
oh btw if you've noticed i've started using this account as a sort of vent account it's cause my parents haven't found this one yet
Do u ever just fall in love about 6 times a day
Rule #1 to be a boss ass chick never let a clown nigga try to play you
How to write a cover letter, even though you've written dozens: Step 1: Google "How to write a cover letter"
I’m sure Andy Reid job is safe. I mean Marvin Lewis got an extension.
true life i’m addicted to buying apple watch bands
Bitch ass niggas really love Facebook live, love being seen
hate it when ppl act weird, but w.e
DARE by Gorillaz is THE biggest bop of our time no other song can out bop it
"I will now concede defeat. But I think you came to see how great Bug-type Pokémon can be."
Send me pictures of Guanlin wearing glasses juseyo.
im a Lee Byoung Gon stan now
My man look extra fine today with his haircut
I want someone to rock my jaw bECAUSe of how I’m thinkin rn but also dOnt bEcause it’s MY L I F E bUt aLsO pLEASE rock my jaw because I am in fact s t u p i d
i mislead myself bc i let my own emotions get in the way of the truth.
Oh god..I just want to sleep u n u;;
uhhh I’m in this mood where nothing is satisfying me
Touching you was like realizing all I ever wanted was right there in front of me
Partying with my dad R U L E S
Good job to nephew today he did good on dat court today
Soooo I totally ate again like the fat ass I am. Smh. Had some Cheetos, amount and cal unknown. And another bowl of soup with crackers. Cal unknown. 2nd and 3rd time eating as of 12:47 AM
I thank god he opening my eyes man I CAN SEE NOW !
What's in the air today? The convo I just had with this BW in my car....P O W E R F U L. And not in an Hallmark movie inspirational kinda way. She literally is battling the darkside. I could cry rn.
A real transformation about to come out of me . Just gotta stick with it.
A good puppy gotcha helpless locomotives, and penis created juicy pancakes. I'm disgusted.
boys come and go but the right man will stay
D to the E to the T to the O to the hold up... X
How long we gonna sit at Waffle House amazed that smitty came from my last name smith
I’ve known what I wanted to name my first born for the past 5 years.
Insanity in individuals is something rare - but in groups, parties, nations, and epochs it is the ru)e.
u know when u know u kinda cute...af
BITCHES ARE W E I R D
You’re the only one that made me give a shit
I’m so bloated rn I feel so ugly ):
Gonna pick up the pieces and build a lego house.
RELATIONSHIPS ARE WAY MORE THAN THESE DUMB ASS MEMES MAKE IT SEEM..
Beat:O2, DRIVING WHILE UNDER INFLUENCE (DUI) at DIAGONAL AV S / E MARGINAL WY S reported on 1/6/2018 9:14 PM, Call# 18000007272
Haven’t been to the movies in FOREVER !
th e amount of injuries i've gotten because i've gotten too excited while listening to shinee is terrifying
she had cigarettes in her vagina - l.e
Got next level ideas on how people should handle relationships but idk if Twitter ready for that.
Chin up, self. I believe in you.
For the complete recap, I've gone from # Chicago to # Omaha to # Denver to #Las Vegas then back to Denver again, and finally to #Kansas City and back to Chicago ...that was one epic #road Trip I tell you that much!
"Money's not gonna buy ya true love." *STAMP* D-E-A-D. #Gundam I B O
Personal Injury Collision Sheppard Ave E & Kennedy Rd [HP] 01/07 00:33 # S car borough # Toronto
and i'm damned if i don’t
annoying when a*e**o only notices one *** **** lmao. annoying
Personal Injury Collision Woodbine S 404 S Ramp & Steeles Ave E [HP] 01/07 00:35 # # Toronto
Tomorrow you guys think is the creepiest thing I've ever had to see
Gas tank on e, all drinks are free
Just watched Battle of the Sexes & decided that Billie Jean King is my absolute idol, okay bye
reading old messages is the worst thing ever <3
Sometimes when even the simple stuff is difficult, it helps if I pull a fast one on myself (i.e. wait til I have to pee then hop in the shower while I’m in the bathroom)
and i'm damned if i do
Ppl be tweeting stupid shit lol
What if we're making the wrong choice #B T Soutcast D4
this shit is so wack lol
Can someone watch Black Mirror?! I want someone to talk to about it.
Gone try to sleep through the night without waking up every two hours
But then again, a plot twist has been made. I was the happiest.
Also still not over matt lanter in that movie
hate having two friends that don’t like each other. shit gets petty quick.
if i'm bein honest i need 2 start a music appreciation blog
And they were like sure w/e and so I ended up with PHOENIX LARRY AND EDGEWORTH SO THAT MEANS THE PERSON WHO CAME IN AND BOUGHT THEM ALL DIDN’T GET ANY OF THE FUCKING MAIN BEST CHARACTERS AAAAAAHHHHHAHAHAHAH
Relationships aren’t that hard to figure out. E’rybody is always gonna be with the person that adores them the most.
what’s that catchy migos song that goes sumthim sumpthin something “fck her and her bestie”
Ion fucc w old niggas only new niggas
have a whole E&J bottle but no one to drink with :(
2018 jenna will wear minimal makeup majority of the time & will focus on accepting physical self
Wow, can't believe Rose Quartz is pink diamond, who would've thought
dook lost to state. great way to start the year. cheers, everyone!
dude lsitene just because im Japanese doesn't mean I only EAT JAPAN FUUD
tomorrow's exam should go great i've had about four hours' sleep the last two days combined love insomnia, me
I want H- Hugs at all times E- Endless kisses A- Affection D- Determination to grow together
put your filthy hands all over me no this aint the clean version and what you gonna do with all that beast when i leave the cage open?
never ever beg someone to be in your life. Promise you'll regret it
I can’t sleep and I got a bad headache
Dumb bitch, do your dumb dance.
Yeah, my tweets today have been a mixed bag, but so have my emotions.
At one second we seem to agree with Seokjin as the creator then the next second we’re all like “WHAT IF TAE IS THE CREATOR” WHAT’S THE TRUTH
And that’s all the niggas I’ll ever love.
OH MY GOG ONLY O N E (1!!!) MORE FOLLOWER TIL THREE HUNDRED MATES
Ya girl got a job interview Monday
i have sm to say but i cant say it bc then illjust feel sTUPID
When we are young , we wish to be older . But when we get older , we wish we were younger.
14:45 L-O-V-E / Gregory Porter # b e a c h f m
Fuck I had a welding bead burn my eardrum just now
Doing laundry while tipsy. I am in my prime people.
Who knew there were so many evildoers in the world?
jade: "BRB bile rice and beans"
Bro wtf why are all these random niggas calling me
Unfollow, delete and block game strong
Yo!! Let my nigga Vegeta save the day for once!!! I was hoping he'd unlocked Ultra Instinct against Jiren, but yet again I got played.
We be lovin so hard, but never get the love we deserve back
I need to stop over thinking ever little detail
so come tonight, run the light, say you’re close, fuck these hoes, I want your type.
my man is p u r e magic.
Too many people celebrate their birthday
Smile more, laugh more, love more and live more.. Make time to enjoy your life!
I usually don’t dislike actors/actresses, but Olivia Munn is the one I dislike. . Who tf makes her boyfriend pick her over his family and makes them not talk to eachother?! A dumb ass bitch.
My home is where you are
Just got home from luckys and I’m high as shit. ready to sleep, But my siblings are nocturnal now... fuck
RIEN / NOTHING January 07, 2018 at 06:46AM
[[ ther e i almost didn't put the cult fam hashtag h a
Heath Ledger will always be my F A V O R I T E joker
Essa serie the end of the fucking world é mto loka
I like boys who are taller than me, smell good, and give great hugs.
SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME YOU RECORDED NICK'S RANT ON THE LOGAN PAUL DRAMA
Sam: Dear Suzy, walk four hundred yards due north from your house to the dirt path which has not got any name on it. Turn right and follow to the end. I will meet you in the meadow. //Moonrise Kingdom//
I miss cuddling with my girlfriend she’s always warm and I’m always super cold I like stealing her warmth
I love when people compliment my outfit
Always the checker and never the checked on.
i think i need to stop reading outcast like it's really giving me goosebumps even though i love it tbh
Me: *asks Jackie for advice about literally any problem I’ve ever had* Jackie: *gives the best advice*
DON'T STOP ME NOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWW!!!!!! ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ IM FLYING AT THE SPEED OF LIIIGGGHHHHTTT!!!!!
My house is so darn cold it’s ridiculous
PERO I REALIZED THAT THE PERSON WITHIN CHANGED BOOOOM
I have been trying to sit down and do my financial planning for the year all week!!! But I rolled it tomorrowAGAIN
What’s the best/nicest thing you ever did for/to somebody?
Work work work No day off for two weeks!
F.E.A.R 2 Original Project #little Sis listening to radio is one thing being the radio signal in body form is another
*My brother, coming out while I’m singing along to love stuck - is positively done with my shit and walks away* Me: mY BABY COME BACK TO ME
finding a little bit of the person in different people >>><<<
Last last night was lit, spent midnight till dawn playing jack the killer
My sleeping schedule hasn't been messed up in a long time just to give you a little heads up of how my social life has been
Level E vampires..are meant to die sooner or later. # S en r i # Bo t
I can't wait to say goodnight when we both go to sleep in the same bed,under one roof,have our meal on our dining room table,and lay down cuddling on our couch.
I'd have liked to get lingerie and stuff but I'll be even bigger than I am now lmao so nah
art thou feeling it now mr krabs
Nywana ee e be nfeta feela Thoughts?
But Slayed is so relatable to my life!!
I'm actually doing a lot better in case you were wondering
If twitter existed in elementary school I would have had all my minutes logged each week and all the fucking plastic feet on my necklace
all i want for christmas is a soviet pnw-57 night vision system
i gave you something but you gave me nothing
Which is the better Marvel movie?
Our Group Message is SO LETHAL
I ain’t wit all that extra shit
Half the work that is done in the world is to make things appear what they are not. (E.R. Beadle)
I'm laying out an # outline for a story that I was going to make into a game before I developed the idea too far and made it too complicated for my abilities. #It Wont Be Great # But #I Never Aim Small I know I can take on the current project at least.
I changed my mind guys. I just bought 2 polaroid set (changsub, minhyuk) and 2 photobook picture of sungjae. No. I don't regret it
Traveling is the antidote to ignorance
I appreciate when my LA people send me business for the Night Clubs. I appreciate you dearly. Is crazy how my job is for people to have a good time mostly for free lol.
Rob Zombies movies are my favorite
I wish I didn't fall for you..
me: milly rocking everytime the imperial march plays over anything bad that happens to anakin anakin: p-please. i’m sa; d ..., so very sad,..,. just this on c e// don t
Roll me up a blunt w/ my list of regrets. Burn it all, burn it all
I vow to never let a mfa hurt my feelings ever again!!!!
i love my friends actually tho
Me: Except, who's our lord and savior? Cam: idk dude. Us ?
A gud heart still stands first LUV TYAGI WON HEARTS
For those who are done and still working on characterization, do not restate the role of every character, you analyze. E. G. His actions are triggered by his desire to take a revenge. Then provide evidence
No more binge retweeting so no more flood timelines. Hahahaha (lol mainly because it's the reason why my old account was suspended )
I do not wanna go back to work tomorrow :(
Beeda Weeda Ft. Too $hort,E-40,San Quinn,Turf Talk,Hoodstarz,The Team - Turfs Up (Remix)
It's hard to treat people with kindness when they treat you with hatred and disgust.
also if i bothered you with my earth chan pictures eat some tide pods. and fuck you. fuck that goddamn meme....
IH-10 EAST Eastbound At LATHROP ST - Accident - Status: Cleared at 11:43 PM
the end of 2018 finna be a complete 180 for me, i proclaim it
(Wave) SWELL: 0.7 ft at 10.5 s E / WIND WAVE: 2.6 ft at 5.9 s NE / WVHT: 3.0 ft / APD: 3.9 s / MWD: 46° / 12:30a EST
I get that you can be annoyed at your tl bc thats what its all about then thats okay. Cause it does get clogged up. Go mute it whatever.
Bicycle if you're reading this you are d e a d to me
#Chiyaan Vikram #Dhruva Natchathiram Shoot Resumes from 25 Jan said to be final schedule for the film which will go at 1 stretch for a month
'Cause I know that it's not a dream And I saw, yeah I saw your scheme And I know you I saw Yeah I know
King Of My Castle (Club Radio Mix) - Yanou
Sometimes you gotta play the game how it is
No, you're excited and can't sleep.
Wtf Didn't mean too my bad
as much as people say they need and want me now... it doesn’t change the fact that at one point someone didn’t want or need me.
The majority of the people I associate with are 6-10 years older than me so it’s always super weird when I actually hang out with people my age
Left the weed alone for 2018.
Fuck me with a gun D a d d y ?
If dat Girl fucked more than 10 niGGaz dat how a swoop
How can I remap special keys on my keyboard (e.g. so the media button will launch Amazon Music instead of MS Groove)?
My new standards for a man are so HIGH. I’ll probably be single FOREVER
I ain’t even rude I’m just trynna help you dummies prosper
Idk if i need full body massage or facial or pedicure or YOU to relax
"I will not make the same mistakes that you did."
I bet dem hoes b all on E jock
take the Wu shirt off I am E M B A R R A S S E D for you !!!!
I want to know my flaws sometimes from other people, it will help me become a better person.
Or they exchange $ before or after the handoff? That’s trust.
Finally, I'm back home in the Windy City! Those were the best two weeks I've ever had, because I got to spend time with my brother in Vegas :D
I was soo cringy who fucking let me SHIT
Zeus Da God 2-1 first and third edge
You can really tell when someone rushed on choosing a tattoo. It looks hideous 99.9% of the time.
I really hate McDonald’s but for some reason it sounds so good!
i don't want you like a bestfriend
Girls, specifically me, like to shower in skin boiling water because we come from hell and we’re homesick.
i need someone who loves and appreciates film like i do to talk about movies AHHHHJJDJDJD
Sometimes i just senselessly cry because idk what to feel anymore
Jealousy is the ugliest trait NEVER DO IT!!!
y’all out here praying for one more year, when in reality we all need to be praying for one more day because we never know when our time is up
mauje sarsar se darata hai ussay tu bekaar, uab chuka hai jo nasim-e-sahri se sau baar. It's worthless to offend him with furious tides, the one who had been through that hundred times. -- Iqbal
Y’all dumb ass hoes be sick and throwing up from drankin cheap ass liqour. You needa get u a new nigga. Stop fw e&j Jose Cuervo ass niggaz and fw remy, Henny ass niggaz
if you don’t wanna be friends anymore then T E L L M E. i’ll be temporarily angry/sad but it would be better in the long run!!!
Search Buzz # V i de o Recap: # Go o g le Voice Guidelines, #SEO Tips & #Ad Sense Display Issues
I don't remember Rachel and Ross having a baby on F.R.I.E.N.D.S.
lowkey upset church cancelled tomorrow wanted to hear the good word before i went back to furman!!
Something fantastic about listening to Jaan E Jaan Dhoondta phir raha hoon main while driving in the hills.
p. i. s. s. e. d.
“You remind me of me. I see why I exhaust people.” -Jerry Seinfeld (talking to Sarah Jessica Parker) # re la table
Trump should also order the release of the secret reports on what Pakistan really knew about Bin Laden.
LMAO WHAT IF INSTEAD OF THINKING S-E-O-K-J-I-N, IT'S N-A-M-J-O-O-N THEY BOTH HAVE 7 LETTERS IN THEIR NAMES
3. Blue Hydrangea #ฟิคไฮเดรนเนียร์ 4. Bookworm # f i c book worm 5. Not Alone #ฟิคฮนจา 6. In your heart #ในใจปมนยอง 7. Sweet Dahlia #รักเร่บน 8. Can you remember me #ในความทรงจำบน 9. Twinkle Bnior 10. My Dearest Diary บันทึกลับของพัคจินยอง # f i c diary b n i or
Happy birthday to me thank u god for the days of my life
Would he say he’s in L-O-V-E? Well if it was me then I would.
I can be cracked, I can be made. I can be told, I can be played. What am I?
Lemme go to bed cause my mouth after 12:00 is reckless
From the aproned pot-scrubber to the flanneled potentate, everybody liked me, everybody petted me.
If her name has an A or an E she’s gonna cheat on you
I was the happiest 17 hrs ago. I was.
It's almost 7am I haven't properly slept this night and i just realised that Sebastian Stan's name is literally,,, Wait for it,,, S T A N damn bitch who he stanning he the ultimate stan
Eating cotton candy feels like eating asbestos
Those days of tryin to force the same energy/ vibes from mfs are tf O V E R
Mfs keep logging in my Xbox profile when I'm in a match
I hate when i look rough and everyone wanna take videos an pictures
My only weapon is this song And you won't have to sing along This is the story of my life And I know that it's not a dream And I saw, yeah I saw your scheme And I know you I saw
I’m feeling so down, I don’t even know how I feel at this moment. I just wish this was all a dream :(
I don’t O U like two vowwwels
Ty sick in the head manI can’t take this girl serious , I should not have been hollering all day
DONT ASK MY BFF ANYTHING ABOUT ME IF YOU WANNA NO ASK ME !!!!!
so how does it feel to have somebody like u as much as u like them
God watch over me & protect me
I feel like fucking shit bro.
I’m really proud of my nam’e slippers
qual o melhor filme da netflix e por que what happened to monday?
Mfers like to play games then play dumb
Tapos sobrang daming slut shaming, victim blaming, shaming ppl cause of their bodies or skin color, FACIAL FEATURES, disorders. And this society is too toxic, that people living in it is also toxic. Rawr.
Omg so fire I’m not even here right now
I frequently find myself wondering how my hedgehog can blink and suddenly she's the cutest thing I've ever seen how is she REAL
And I just can’t wait to be kinnnngggggggg
how do i shoot my shot at a man in already married to?!??!!?!!??!
After tonight i love you so much more.
WHY IS EVERYTHING MAKING ME SAD BY E
It’s ok :-) (not really) :-)
One of these days I’m just gonna do it. I’m just gonna buy a dog and that is that.
I wanna do something sweet for Valentine's Day
And even if you have a someone who is made you interesting,I d o n' t c a r e
Any girl would b lucky to hv guy like luv in her life... feeling sorry for Hina..she lost his friendship LUV TYAGI WON HEARTS
LRT I KNEW IT I KNEW IT IM SQUEALING IM SUUUCH A FAN I WAS SO HAPPY WAHWHAHAHAAAA
I don’t think I love you. I know I love you.
And I know that it's not a dream And I saw, yeah I saw your scheme And I know you I saw I wonder if there's a justice When I look right into your eyes Those feeling never lie
Don’t even need to subtweet anymore. Just know you’re a bitch
will someone send me a love letter real quick it doesn’t even have to be real like just pretend so i can read it when i’m sad
I know food is life but too much chilli garlic on my siomai is not really a good idea I'm so done with spicy foods
Decided to watch The Room tonight. It’s a beautiful train wreak
jaclyn hill is literally so hot i want her to deck me
Q sdds do Mark, da Addison, da Lexie, da Izzie e do George
Why did I wait this long to see The Greatest Showman?
Everybody that’s riding with u...ain’t riding for u! Let the gas run and see who help u push
I’m Lowkey scared to check the cameras because if I see any paranormal shit idk what ima do but lock myself in my office
Ima end up dying my hair black was trying soooo hard to keep the brown ombré thing going but fucked it up :-)
Wasted my money for a laced socks
Apple phone Prada case, kill a weave rock a lace
don’t be stingy when giving delivery guys tip money especially in this weather. It’s way too cold for ya broke asses to be giving a dollar
I believe there is a fine line between understanding and judging. So please be careful. This mistake can hurt much in a person's life.
Haven’t been this drunk in a while
just finished friends for the third time and can honestly still say i'm shook by the ending
listen when people do a grave instead of an aigu over the e in timothée’s name it activates my fight or flight
I miss you, but i dont want to isturb you.
No matter the situation, never let your emotions overpower your intelligences...
Tokyo looks worse than the battlefields of Europe right after WWII. Damn, Godzilla! # S v en go o lie
If my future son dont get off his game when hes told I wont doill do it.
So if you've got leftover goodies.
Remind me how beautiful I am.
How is it so easy for Russia to hack us?
idk anything abt devilman bossbaby tbh
xcopy twitter twitter2 /s /e #MSDOS
the cinematography in this movie is absolutely beautiful and the music fits perfectly and the coloring of the movie itself is mesmerizing
Cam thinks he’s my man. He’s like you smell so good, and you looks so good in that. Ladies watch out
Who is trying to participate in this drinking contest with me and Jai next weekend?
ตามหา ~~ HYYH pt.1&2 :: white / pink / blue and peach #ตลาดนัดบังทัน #ขายของสะสมบังทัน #ตลาดรถไฟบังทัน
I know that a missile shooting out of the woods is a bizarre thing!
My daughter look just like her father when she sleep
I can never post a child without someone thinking it's mine.
Damn when did Mo Mulaa leave the Cakes
I rolled a blunt in the other room of my grandma house while she was talking to me and she asked my dog if he farted then she called my grandpa to investigate the "skunk smell" in her house
Yay! What an improvement! I can't wait to test it out!
Odium: "E dolore magna gloria. Bring me your heart and then you will awake in a state of surprising euphoria. Don't fear the words that I say."
Dragons. How about investing in my umbrella that stores all your passwords? I do take cheques.
IBPS CLERK MAINS RIP program day 6 salem practice village students
VRISKA: I cringe every time I think a8out her self-indulgent exploits.
18. Of course! Come here Omma!!!
So ain’t nobody go answer they ft for me ?
"One time gotta watch out for the one time"
Thought that was a gunshot near 18th and Valencia but I think it was fireworks
Sorry, I'm very emotional right now
My shaku shaku is too smooth Dance wey we don dey rehearse for shitta before e blow
this is a genuine smil e I promis
Ok...ive calmed down a bit. Its been real south central. I love this place to the fullest. Back to the 805
the blanket I lent malen smells like her I’m sleeping with it forever now
Pete just surprised me by handing me a plate of waffles smothered in butter and syrup. I’m now eating those waffles watching Cosmos. In bed. # t i l death do us part
I know you time is precious But give me just a second I need to straighten things out with you You blew my hopes and dreams away And there is not a single day I don't fear the worst because of you
my generation really did not fully appreciate Damian’s gay humor in Mean Girls like the Danny Devito drag??? i c o n i c
all I can do is laugh rn like my lungs about to give out on me
I need to stand in my own feet
By some estimates, almost 3/4th of Black prisoners (the far majority of Black prisoners) behind bars for non-violent offenses are convicted of drug "crimes" mostly related to the possession of weed. The criminalization of weed reinforces the criminalization of Black people.
When will we start waking up to good news in this country? Since when dem born me 9ja go better, I don born 1 e never better
jill: whos the hottest guy in the office me: jim jill: oh i was gunna say ryan me: explains a lot
How tf am I suppose to please everyone?
i don’t have anymore fight left in me!
I will remember how you kissed me e e e
❝But why stab you when I can stab m e-- I'll enjoy it more.❞
None of you warned me that Mother! is the worst movie EVER created and I will never forgive anyone.
Feeling a wide range of emotions. Mostly anger. Anyone wanna fight? Just wanna get some rage out. We’d be all good after, I’ll even buy us some food or something.
I don’t plan shit fr I just go with the flow
#Saturday Screams gotta be honest... a chainsaw hand and a boomstick are absolutely the best arsenal ever for a hero. Brilliant
We at the strip club tho cozzzzzz I'm always up for fuckery
I get aggravated so quick. Over the simplest things.
Just gave away my only mild. Now that’s some strength
Every one demotivated him but he made it to semifinals.. Though he deserved to b in finale LUV TYAGI WON HEARTS
i heard when you lose somebody or have a baby you see who your friends are. and that shit very true
No more putting Shooters in the Uber, because they can't hop back in it when they.... # S h o o t a z
Trending at luck seventh spot! BlessedMcLisse At18th
PS4 must be tattooed to my forehead
i know i’m not the only one that’s excited about the bring it on’s on netflix !!
Watching movies with my babies. Love you Sean Daulby. Disney is the way to go and I love you are a kid at Heart.
The only thing I look forward to is seeing my chivitas play tomorrow!
I think me and my friend or like soul mates but haven’t made the step maybe one day till then i love our relationship
A lot of mf gone hate me this year
Not everyone deserves a seat at the table of your life. Choose wisely.
I still got a lot of shit to learn I'll admit it
The government really be out here watching us scroll through our phones while taking a shit. Wow.
I miss you ma, but im hurt :(
Babe say strip club.... Me affi ask him if him high
Logic & G-Eazy be rippin shit.
ok well i love being dumb im going to SLEEP
I love watching scary movies but not by myself. I gotta have someone to grab onto when my scary ass starts jumping
I THINK IT'S TIME, TIME YOU REALIZE YOUR'E THE ONE IN THE WRONG
See you Gori-san G A M E O V E R
I'm curious how Trump will handle his first State of the union address he will be facing a lot of people who can't stand him & he hates not being liked by people
I randomly found this song and I fwi ! Fire Fist Ace - PeeJay
I'd like to tell you just a word I am so sorry to disturb You may be thinking I'm a fool I heard you tell 'em you don't care I heard you think it loud and clear It doesn't make me proud of you
My whole family met my boyfriend today and they loved him!
HOOOOOO THE STRING LIGHTS IN MY ROOM JUST MOVED CUZ THE TAPE CAME OFF BUT THE SOUND OF IT MOVING AGAINST THE WALL SCARED THE FUCK OUTTA ME ALLAH HU LA ILLAHA ILLAH HUWA AL HAYUL KAYYUM
TFW you realize that the concept of Mario capturing enemies and using their abilities is not an original concept and was used as early as Little Nemo: The Dream Master.
hi thanks for not breaking the mutual with me or unfollowing i L.O.V.E y’all L - idk O - how to V - accurately express my love E - for y’all
Can’t get over the fact that “grown ass niggas” try to get with these little ass girls
I love my new phone oss
Don't chase no one, Get on yo shit, You've run into them later
She is die hard fan of F.R.I.E.N.D.S but dnt make friends.
The longest I've been in a fandom and the strongest indeed.. BlessedMcLisse At18th
i'm moving because people i see out are starting to think we're friends
Being downtown and looking across the river makes me realize how much I miss home
Ahh, how should I put this... I gave him that wallet, officer.
my mom be getting mad for no reason ..
I'm about to leave my yesterday behind, but I can't move on. Sorry Lord. But I'm trying the best I can, promise.
if you not my bestfriend then mind yo business
terminei cowboy bebop e... see you space cowboy
I’m truly most alive, aware, and productive between the hours of 9pm and 2am
If I make it shit we make it.so you ain’t gotta hate on me it’s f.o.e I’m doing it for us on the love
I wanna sleep w/ the air & the heater on.
I'm a sucker for the way that you move babe
Got tried all day at work today....I need to recharge my patience
dōTerra’s water is like all around good, but the BEST water is in Breakroom E, out of the water bottle filler.
My 43 year old cousin just told me in a party girl...opps
mother! o T H E B I B L E in LSD
Things have fallen into Place for you.
bruh i dont understand just make my shit B O N E L E S S
i lov,e lviing in korea now
Wanna One in white long sleeves and messy necktie would be the death of me done watching Wanna City
I sit in my car for like an hour before I actually go in
dumb hyped to see Tanya, it’s been too long
i want to change my layout but idk what i would want it to be
I don't wanna change from my dress this morning. Guyz lezgo out. :--/
my percussion teacher was cool but fuck him for not giving us all chances sometimes. i just wasn't motivated to practice some shit but didn't get to play as much shit that I DID like
Big Saturday night plans, I’m staying in crying to Heroin(e) on Netflix
So fucking angry, like I honestly don't know what to do anymore
stop romanticizing the people who hurt you
Messi magic, Dembele Dribbles and Coutinho shoots yoooh my heart
colin firth had his oscar STOLEN from him with his 19 nominations for A Single Man HE DESERVED THOSE OSCARS THIS MOVIE IS RUINING ME IM BAWLING LIKE A BABY RN
Open bar for the Conference Advisors
Trynna talk to you or fuck. Gtf
Imagine you have someone to sing So Will I by Hillsong United and u guys both crying & raising your hands while worshipping God W H A T A C O N C E P T
i'm making an itabag for ignis out of screenshots from the game and then i realized it's gonna be spoilers ....... oh w e l l i'm so r r y
- i had sex so many times this week. What’s going on with me
You must use your oxygen-destroyer against Godzilla! # S v en go o lie
When push comes to shove if you have your back more than anyone has you...your gotta think
If I wake up and my account is locked, somebody from the lgb(T) community gotta run me my fade.
........why th e fuck did gio just Snapchat me Bitch imma wait 6 months to reply this time too
please stop liking my tweet. . . my family needs rest
King Kong prime example of us minding our business & wypipo bothering us. KK on an island chilling & they come bombing his home, trying to kill his ass
"Your greatness is measured by your kindness; your education and intellect by your modesty; your ignorance is betrayed by your suspicions and prejudices, and your real caliber is measured by the consideration and tolerance you have for others.” William J.H. Boetcker (1873-1962)
so I played an Eminem song & matt says "oh so you like him but not lil wayne" ummm ya ?? where on earth is the comparison
I’m not looking forward to anything anymore
Are Mark friends not snakes this time? Lmao
Good looks + gud heart + loyalty+ skills Very rare LUV TYAGI WON HEARTS
I love when my boyfriend get a fresh cut
She pull up with PLAYERS and shit.
It's kind of weird to see that a lot of football players talking about cod now
Ima delete my instagram real soon. It ain't nothing but niggas trynna talk to you
me when I buy something: wow I hate spending money me when i don't buy thing: wow I have regR E T !!! !! ! ! ! ! ! !
No matter how much i soak myself in the sun I D O N T G E T D A R K
my life is a joke j - i o - want k - to e - die
Finally finished iron fist and started on the defenders. I like it so far
Maybe two walks will balance out the bag of Pineapple Lumps I have almost finished today? Lol.
Just Keep It Real , Don’t Fake It
Trusting Kloop on who he will bring in
Can y’all stop acting like youngboy started that Slatt shit like young thug ain’t been doing that shit
it's so annoying when people ask where finn is in nicks streams i love finn but it's nicks channel don't people know that finn is a busy boy and won't be in EVERY STREAM
i wanna be 21 and in miami already
I sometimes wish for a weekend where I can turn my brain off and sleep 48 hours and not have to deal with headache inducing situations
Be careful who you invest all your love into.
i still cannot believe teen titans go did my boy dick grayson dirty like that
Is it to late to text my landlord and tell him that my radiator is leaking steaming hot water onto my bathroom floor???
STICKER & THEME LINE 50c : 8k [berlaku kelipatan] » Send as gift » Andro & iOS » Via tsel/bri T.lelang acc upfoll coin line
I want to start getting out the house more
Really had a good day with my cousin
Mostly I’m excited to regularly be able to have my nails done
FYI, niggas read long msgs. They just choose not to reply. Trust me if u throw some random shit in the middle, he gon tell u what it said
I'm not born to please you btch
A business has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise your creative instincts.- Richard Branson # quote
One more day left in the Philippines
Now when people ask me “what do you think about that girl” I’m like, I’m pretty bullish on that ass
The Hitman charge a arm and a leg,but he did it off loyalty-Zeus Da God
It's Not Worth $13.99 a Month #My New Netflix Series
tanqna bes, ang careless sa pinagsasabi minsan ng family e. they don’t know if what they’re abt to say is gonna trigger depress. or not
So, i can’t do this anymore
Let me be your R a y o f H o p e .~
Thats fucking crazy, McDaniel was mad tranquilo
i better be getting my nails done tomorrow
I am as lithe as a vine as I whisper up the verge
I’m exhausted. But I can’t sleep.
This is not no playground, aint no fist fight.. bitch, I’m blastin..
I hate reading my unfinished poems unless i'm ready to edit and complete them If i read and find a bad line i just feel bad until i edit
(Wave) SWELL: 2.3 ft at 16.7 s NNW / WIND WAVE: 7.6 ft at 8.3 s E / WVHT: 7.9 ft / APD: 6.9 s / MWD: 85° / 7:27p HST
M waiting for luv to join Twitter LUV TYAGI WON HEARTS
One of the best movies I’ve ever seen
Just realized if i get one more follower that makes 400!
first feelz of 2018... damn it goes hard .
"Sharita's Interlude" is now on iTunes, Tidal, Spotify, Google Play, Apple Music, Amazon, iHeartRadio, Pandora
Check yourself or life will check you and when life checks you, you will really feel the burn.
Now Playing: E.T. ~ Katy Perry (shit is about to hit the fan)
how the fuck does the Chiefs blow a 21-3 lead
It felt so good to get out & see some of my friends tonight. Now to cuddle with my baby & watch Netflix
「DON'T WORRY BABE,DON'T HAVE TO SAY L.O.V.E. ME DON'T BE SAD,I'M IN YOUR MIND」 MESSAGES FROM DEAD MAN D'ERLANGER/DARLIN'
museca is godddamn fun what in the world
“As I see, you’ve finally woken up!” A man wearing a white coat says while walking closer to Namjoon and I. “Hi I’m Dr. Kim, how are you feeling-“ looks at his clipboard-“Ms. Yoon?”
“E.T. gonna make your service quake mommy”
G-Dep was a better rapper than Ma$e. Sorry Betha
all i do is give give give. and i can’t tell you one thing i’ve received but i don’t do stuff to receive i do it bc i care but as i can see y’all don’t care
And can't calm because still have a lot of things to do, and may pasok na bukas.
Really wish I could fall asleep at a decent time
"..err..pulling out can result in pregnancy cos precum contains semen.." This ad is played all day everyday..amme batho baa e utwa sentle sentle?
Wind 6.9 km/h E. Barometer 1017.0 hPa, Falling slowly. Temperature 30.2 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 45%
I love praying for people when I’m spending time with God.
Drink water, minimize the amount of sweets you eat, wash your face after you wake up put Vitamin E oil on it and wash it again after you finish your day simple.
Lighter Bread & Kewpies traumatizes Admin. Josuke
i opened the youtube link for spot kids and i have no idea what happened but i woke up with my ipad on the goddamn floor 1hr 3mins later
when I’m in europe, I’m famous and they call me brotha love
I'm thirsty , but I do not feel like getting out of bed .......
I wonder how my name taste
NOW THAT IM ON , ARAB UP NEXT
me: so theres this ship i got that i dont really ship but i think its really cute jay: lol i think i know what its gonna be me: todoroki and uraraka jay: jay, softly: th. that is not what i thought it was gonna b e
Let’s get the facts straight tô com fome e sono
Going from sleeping with someone every night to barely hearing from them anymore.
kinda wish I could start over
Not e.e I do not hate Seiji-kun
E^E Has anyone seen KuroAlpaca around?
tonight he hey he he he e ey
A/c off , windows closed. But my room is still freezing.
if someone could drop off some food, THATD BE GREAT
CHICKEN CRIPSPS?!?!?!? I'm also kendrick lamar is an colour
Came in at 8.5, goes for 142... Just good business.
The person is being nice and rting all content about the au and hyping small content creators as well. So why must y’all be mad at her for getting hype?
I need to move out of my house ASAP man
This body looks good out on the town so many boys wanna be down... You ain't the only one
sometimes I catch myself complaining cus the better in me isn't anything related w my physical features but actually I rly like it that way. assim atraio pessoas q n consideram beleza física o + importante e na vdd é esse o tipo de pessoa q me interessa interessar
5TH_Ashes_TesT AUS_vs_ENG Day_4 ENG_346 AUS_649/7d ENG_43/3 OvEr_21. J Root 14* J Vince 18 OuT ct S Smith. Pat Cummins 0-2-0-0-0-wkt
Baby I promise we gon get through this
"people [are] afraid to believe in anything other than their fears, as if doubt and skepticism will somehow keep you safe from disappointment."
Tap water be the shit on the winter
What’s the worst thing you ever did to somebody?
I no longer have “friends” I have family
I cannot wait to never see anyone from highschool ever again amen
Did anyone like # God less on # Net f l i x ? I watched first ep & was v unimpressed. It was billed as being about a town of only women but it was all about men What else is good? I miss #The Crown
“Don’t get too deep,it leads to over thinking, & over thinking leads to problems that don’t even exist in the first place.”--J.E.
When I tell y’all I am mentally scarred
Apparently even though getting the baby means you have to like pay for the next party or whatever it's also good luck? Ok Maybe I will have an ok year and not feel like E Rank luck lmao
i always thought gamers at arcades stretching and cracking their knuckles look so cocky acting like theyre hot shit BUT AFTER I WENT HAM ON MUSECA I NEEDED TO DO SOME COOLDOWN EXERCISES FUOOGKSKKVKDVKDKKCK I UNDERSTAND NOW
So bored I just went on my second big walk of the day. You could tell, right? I was tweeting what I was listening to. And I put it on Songs so a real mixed bag of stuff from all my playlists.
I be ready to jus waste my breathe so fast till I get to thinkn
#Now Playing War Cry - Micah Stampley on # e g i m radio
tf ive been dreamin about kehlani so many times.
Good love is on the way.
I’m so stressed out right now. Booking flights used to be such a breeze. Now they gotta hit us with that basic economy shieeett
We are full of stories to be told.
I'm still clueless how to arrange the room. I don't like the current setup.
I can’t wait to pull up on they ass Monday and I’m going show tf out in the register office!!
When you don’t know what to do all you do is pray
Ugh my face itch and i refuse to touch it.
03:38 e eu to tocando Nothing Else Matters
IS OUTCAST THE NAME OF THE SERIES?! BeAcH IdK!
Double XP weekend and none of my friends are on :(
My house is making weird noises so now I’m stressed & E won’t be home until late
if your man spoil you year round , Valentine's Day is just another day
KLM airlines should cop this hot new slogan I just came up with: 'KLM: We let you fly with your vape'
If you know the words you can join in too!
it’s so good though oml it amazes me that people are this creative like how do you do thAt
How the hell you got 101.4k followers & 327 tweets? Leave me the hell alone.
Tim Tebow Matt Schaub Andrew Luck Joe Flacco Alex Smith Brock Osweiler Marcus Mariota/Tyrod Taylor These are the QB’s Tom Brady has had to play to make the AFC-CG the last 7 years LMFAO.
People know it’s not new. It’s just her stuff is interesting for people and people liked it so why are ya’ll shitting on her?
I can't believe police cars in Dubai are for e.g Lamborghinis!?!?!? WTF!? I'd love to be caught by the police to admire those beauties
Some of y’all do got it like though can’t front . I, myself, am too grown to deal with it
Driving on e cus its too cold to pump gas all winter 18
Be more chill is so GOOD
Ok ,I"m done with this and my head will explode soon , I'll just vote and wait for the next Ep
To be killed ,jk/jm/nj are humans will be controlled by humans "yoongi ..hoseok" and the killer are the virus aka Jin and tae ,the one who is talking to yoongi is Jin bc he has a one O in his name
...Hm. Fishing sounds nice. Lets you relax, purge your heart of the battlefield.
Be patient, what we want may come to us at the right time in the most perfect way
I used to be so skinny back when I didn’t gaf about food... then I got all gay culinary :E RIP bod
i can watch jail tv shows all day .
These niggas ain’t in love with you shawd, they only in lust
Grandma was tryna get me off the couch so much,she didn’t know I had the work with me-Zeus Da God
Everyday struggle was my shit smh
Y’all if any thoughts have ever crossed my mind about having kids tonight definitely made me change my mind.I was sleeping with my 2 year old cousin and he woke up like 15 minutes ago crying and coughing y’all he vomit all over the bed
My Only Peace Isnt Even My Peace Man Its Not Supposed To Be Like This, I Know Its Not
shoutouts to all my shyboys who get mistaken for being an asshole
Keem changing a diaper could be the most viral video ever
A lot of y’all still out here rocking other people’s boats when ya should be rowing your ownnnnnn
If I have to repeat myself too you. It’s clear you want your ass beat. Because English is the most spoken language in America. Quit playing
Wow depression and anxiety are a FORCE ... won’t sleep tonight I promise
[takes the milk with a shaky hand trembling all over chHHUGS] MMPh [momentary relief whEEZ E NVM LIGHTLY HITS HIS CHEST.. coughing into the napkin again] [hm. he should go to the bathroom]
These females stay complaining about Fortnite
Stop tryna b your friends and be yourself
I real life turned into a alcoholic
My phone going on airplane mode
My mom literally just woke me up to tell me her new neighbors have a cute son who’s 24, drives a mustang and “he goes to a university” in the Bay Area. Kk cool, mom! Next time come back with his numero.
I tried so hard, and got so far
Best Part (feat. H.E.R.) // Daniel Caesar
My old team Pirates beat my new team Baroka
—`f a c e c l a i m
“This wasn’t even a new idea. There has been a lot of things like this.” You guys are sounding like the exo-l’s who complain about concepts that are “owned by e xo” when bts do their concepts.
My MacBook is mad chargerless right now and I’m doing shit
and now that your'e back, there's no way of letting you go again.
in case you're all wondering, go into "settings & privacy" -> "apps" then just hit revoke access on that spam thing to stop it from posting
ITS AGUST D YO U UNCULTURE D SW IIN E
I need some tough ass sneaks
Found a 90’s Dancehall playlist on YouTube When I tell you I Bad like 90’s Dancehall know I rel fokin’ bad
Litteraly so much of my family has moved away from CR and I have such a hard time having them all far away
But Anyways, Ima Take Myself To See Insidious One Day This Upcoming Week
What’s the point? Why do I do anything?
I looked at him: his face looked so gentle, like a cloud of forever softness.
“Without ELF, I’m just an empty shell. I’ll always love E.L.F., even if E.L.F. already forgot about SJ.” — Leeteuk
I been having chills all day.. this weather gotta go asap
2 types of niggas Real Regular
Don’t say things you don’t mean..
When they push you away do you push back?
Nothing every beats seeing old friends. Nothing. Nothing is better than seeing a best friend of yours from 7th or 8th grade and remembering those times.
I haven’t tweeted in 4 whole days. I had to hit you guys with some wet punchlines
So, in 2017, Elm has zero release?
Hold on to her even if the ghosts of your mind haunt you to the very core of your soul. Be the rock only she can shatter.
Marcus, I don’t wanna see no titties on my TL
Why is it that when a cute guy talks to me I wanna run away
take you wonder by wonder over sideways and under on a magic carpet ride e
Blind bat rises really got me
Tarea, mas que agradable: Simple Minds - Acoustic Marillion - F.E.A.R. Sting - 57th & 9th The Rolling Stones - Blue and lonsome
Never switch sides for da money #hoe Shit
sleepin this hunger off lmao goodnight
I’m asimple man, give me nasi and I’ll be alright and full for half the day.
I’m not too proud to tell you that I cry sometimes about it
Y’all be wanting men to chase you and be dry as . Then act like we ain’t try hard enough when we fall back.
The pictures that you sent me that still living in my phone.I'll admit I like to see them,I'll admit I feel alone
Holy shit I’ve made my weight class
too salty never R E F O R M E D cya tomorrow hopefully i won't be late
"Real success is determined by two factors. First is faith, and second is action."
i’m so ready to be back in cstat only bc i’m ready to start my diet & working out again
Would be very happy kung may English-language setting. XD
ATTENTION EVERYONE HECTOR WAS FIGHTING ME AND HE SCRATCHED MY EYELID NOW I AM B L E E D I N G SOMEONE CONTACT OUR LOCAL AUTHORITIES PLEASE!
WIRE SPARKING N MARTIN AVE/E STEWART ST, #LAREDO
Priorities my g, make her a priority
Feeling damn thankful for the life and friends I have in Cincinnati
WOULD ANY OF YOU KIDS UNDERSTAND THAT (GOD) INVENTED THE MATRIX MANY AGES AGO
Beat:C3, ALACAD - COMMERCIAL BURGLARY (FALSE) at 3XX BLOCK OF 36 AV E reported on 1/6/2018 9:01 PM, Call# 18000007298
This scene of her playing basketball is taken directly from Oniisama e
I only followed my old account and my timeline is so flood alr. like w t f I never realized that till now. lol
Me and my brother cut the sandwich 3 ways cause my cousin had to eat-Zeus Da God
So many emotions running through my mind right now
I Dont Believe Nun Nobody Say , Mfers ALWAYS Sending Me Off Thats Why Ion Really Care To Go Out W/ Mfers . Rather Go Out By Myself
My ranking of eminem's albums 1- Marshall Mathers LP 2- The Eminem Show 3- The Slim Shady LP 4- Recovery 5- Relapse 6- MMLP2 Fuck encore and revival
Truth is.... you only have yourself in this world
Never tell the truth to people who are not worthy of it.
me: hey i found the guy hes in the ceiling BT: Objective Complete me: BT HES IN THE FUCKEN CEILING BT: Mission Accomplished me: B E E T E E
I HATE YOU, I LOVE YOU.
I love you still thought we could be coo again one day but it don't look that way no more
Between lay, Anna, and Destani i dont know who does the most and the wrong sht. they probably get me in most the shit i get involved in
Lion king 2 goes just as hard as lion king 1
As a little kid I always thought today was the day I celebrated my royal decendents Feliz Día De Los Reyes Magos
It's times like these you learn to live again
Don't give up what you want most, for what you want now
I’m not interested in kissing you on social media. I want to love you my own personal way. Far from views and live streams. Just us. The treasure of your eyes and mine. The views.
What a time to be alive
i be curving dudes like i got a man lmaoo
Ever pretend to be sleep and you fell right asleep?
A "Coming to a America" type of night....
It's your day Mama! HAPPIEST BIRTHDAY
You been R E A D
PWD by Wayne gotta be one of favorite songs by him
If you got a girl and she got streaks with other niggas and don’t tell you about it trust me she not your girl bra, she for everybody
It's your voice i will miss the most. The way you giggle whenever i make stupid jokes, the way you say my name, and the way you sound through a recorded video on my messenger.
Stop by my boy Isaiah house right now on mlk. Hes tells me "ed i knew you was coming by...i saw rams lost and told my lady ohh ohh..my boy ed is gonnna kill someome" lol...i cross all color lines....i have people everywhere.
Man, the void of nothingness is kinda lame.
I caught up with outcast and I’m no less confused, no surprises there lmao
in the life of a mack
When it's all said and done, and Hillary is executed for her crimes, it would be nice to fly her body to Benghazi on a Lybian military transport and bury her right where she let Americans die.
Do I or do I not wake my mom up past midnight to tell her Jerry Van Dyke died
Lake Norman, Shepherds, Mount Mourne, South Iredell, Troutman, Mooresville E-2, BC-1 - Possible Structure Fire - 105 Raceway Drive
My contacts were supposed to be here two days ago
“Tr u e L o v e is not fo u nd, it is b u ilt.” --------------------------------- # q o t d 4 u 2 read
If I don’t fwy I don’t mind you knowing that I don’t fwy
You ever wonder what people remember about you?
Becoming too paranoid with my bestest bro o3o having a blast, ice skating was so cool at AC, not sure who they are though.
Runs that could've been 1:21 but then 30 seconds later it's frozen again.
assistindo rick and morty e num bode fdd kkkkkkk
If it ain't sumthin it's sumthin else
Okay scratch that... we are going to see THE NUN...
Soon as I get sleepy E’Kari decides to pull his feeding tube out of his nose now I gotta call these damn doctors in here to put it back
New Year New moments New adventures New lessons New memories New challenge New opportunities #M I H Oin2018
Not calling niggas out i fw the vision as u see no names were said
Some people preach “small content creators need recognition too”... this girl was a small content creator too. Just because she got the hype doesn’t mean ya’ll can shit on her.
Skin taking forever to clear back up my birthday in 2 weeks bitch
Pro tip for the ladies too. If y’all want a man to chase you make the chase fun.
"i'm sorry, i don't speak american"
i know you’re tired of being patient but it’s worth the wait
God always sending me somebody crazy
The tracks on Madden be way better than the ones on 2k'
So a stack of plastic bowls just went flying off my kitchen counter by itself
We’re done for the night. See y’all tomorrow! Man, this twitter dot com thing is fun!
I literally can't stand my anxiety
I swear i talk to myself on twitter but im not crazy
Patiently waiting for Luis to come Brighten my night
You’re either part of my life or you’re not, there’s no “in between”
LeBron James Kevin Love Isaiah Thomas Dwyane Wade Chris Paul Carmelo Anthony James Hardon #NBAVOTE
pink diamond is quite ugly lmao
I just had one of the most important meals of my life... from a having a $5000 bill, to getting the most info convos!
*looks at dead squad* All by myse-e-elf.
If you proclaim yourself to be a # stable genius , I think it's safe to say you are also proclaiming to be an oxymoron. And we all know that's a very, very, like HUGE moron. SAD!
Today is the day!!! Session 1 at 1pm
okay goodnight to my mutuals e & g:)
Okay but who has an Uber Eats promo code . Look out for the kid
oh my god i love nick he is such a kind soul!!
Got so much dank it be smelling like a gas leak
Went to Chuck E Cheese with the fam for Jensen's birthday and now I feel like utter dog shit. Thanks you gross ass kids that don't cover your mouths and cough on everything
Theres only 1 way to describe a humorous anecdote of DWJ's: Hilarious Shenanigans
But my last PSA doesn’t apply to those of you I continuously ignore and never interact with on any social media platforms. I just don’t like y’all.
I mean I'm just trying to have a p.y.t laid up with me in my b.e.d
I’m sorry remind me again why I have to shave my legs??
My role model used to get 100 blocks
Never give up. And most importantly, be true to yourself. Write from your heart, in your own voice, and about what you believe in. Louise Brown
I’ve been typing my name for the last hour trying to figure out how they spelled my name!! How the hell this becomes a jigsaw puzzle?? #Gram Fam
and take. take her to the moon for me take her like you promised me
BEACH I FEEL SO LeFT oUt!? #B T Soutcast D3
“funny” thought: it may actually be better if trump remains in office longer. theoretically then his business would be on hold, & he would continue to stoke opposition, & he & his ilk would remain under intense scrutiny.
Nvm nvm I’m gonna get up!
Rich people educate themselves poor people entertain themselves
For me not getting my eyebrows done in months they pretty decent!
You just really can't go wrong with some Whitney and CBD lmao.
I want Owen. I want Owen. I want Owen.
Good thing ion let likes, comments, and inboxes go to my head cuz sheeeesh lol
Jan 1: I think I'll eat reasonably and lose a little bit of weight. Jan 6: I think I'll eat so much that I have to unbutton my pants.
boa noite bts ot7 amo vcs wjsn ot13 e twice ot9
I want to buy 2pairs of heels & fishnet leggings and i really need more jeans !!
Just woke my OB outta her sleep . I felt bad but I can’t deal with these “ Braxton Hicks “ contractions rn
Man am I the only one that gets partied out without going to parties bc you see so many on snap. Like every day. I’m tired for y’all
why this bitch have to wake up?
I Swear it’s always some ugly hoes
Next year Shaggy & Friends nah miss mi....
No ar CE QUE SABER AMOR.. WHERE IS THE LOVE by ANNA E SAULO
When i see your face i feel so happy
My mom bake red velvet today cause it's her birthday. Hahaha.
you'll always be a part of me
"You scratch our back? We'll scratch yours!"
I have Star Sapphires embedded into the back of my hands. Both allow me to wield Plasma and manipulate spatial planes & axes.
Wanna eat sum cereal bt don't feel like getting up .
Be nice = get nowhere; Be rude = get nowhere; In between? = Don't even think about it.... How exactly I'm supposed to be then?
Some Carousell buyer seriously are too demanding.
01/07/18 A g l a n ce w i t h e a c h o t h e r . a g a i n
So my brother took the 23 and Me DNA test. And apparently we’re 100% South Asian. I expected at least a lil’ bit of Spanish blood from colonization, but nope.
Yeah.. damn all this I'm going to the hospital in the morning
Shooting from steph curry range all 2018
freddie highmore is so precious please protect him
No one is gonna take my soul away.
When durk first started getting noticed i was hyped for bruh everybody hated called him a singer lol
Everything 1k will always be my fave.
If you were hoping that I wouldn't rhyme #Dilly Dilly with "philly" this week, you will be sorely disappointed
I’ve never been sick like this to where my body is sore. Jesus take the wheel.
- "Is there anyone you like? Someone special?" + "I've never been interested in other people's lives..." - "You were interested in ****." + "**** was different." - "Really? Hmmm."
comecei a ver the end of the f***ing world e eh mt bommm
New years Resolution E S P E C C W A H M E N
Aprendi a tocar i dont fucking care mano e trem bala aaaaa
Steph Curry had 45 pts in 3 quarters. But I initially misread the headline and thought he had 45 pts IN the 3rd quarter. And I was impressed but not surprised by that.
BUT SHE GETS ANGRY AND TELL ME TO STOP BEING SO yo mother i’m just a poor kid earning $30 a day alright let me get my 血汗钱 back
Anyone using a Microsoft surface dock? Any feedback or recommendations? I'm thinking about getting something.
Isn't it amazing that a dog will always be happy to see you and be the saddest to leave you?
now I know for sure it's nobody that can handle my attitude... I needa chill
Is someone trying to kill me ?
Just had our first fight omg i just can not
This LOVE thing is a scam
No way I've been doing paperwork for work for the past week and been writing 2017 on it.... FML!
Mad Men S7E11. Air date April 26, 2015. CBS hit(?) TV Show Premier September 19, 2016.
Okay why do I have 2 retweets on my tweet of me wanting to go to the gym ??
When he tries to be a big one, so will take some new clothes!
I told my moms I've changed!!! Shit ain't tha same like it used to be.... put those beans on my rice!! I hate when they on tha side now
e... esse tal de... killing stalking...
I only get tomorrow off this week
To assistindo High school musical 3 e chorando
... if you haven’t already... I’m a bit behind, I know.
I put old bay seasoning on to much stuff
“Okay, first— i’m not childish. Second; /yes/ I am psycho.” he’s beginning to re-think ever having a soft spot for her. How r u d e.
This show 9-1-1 is fucking good.
yo, if I get followed by any more bot accounts, I'm going B E R S E R K
facebook algorithm knows exactly what kind of rash i have but still not smart enough to realise that i log off every time i see pregnancy/marriage content
so not ready for this trip back
Y’all gon watch me fuck up money like a bad investment-Zeus Da God
I.e why it makes sense the lyrical part of the video was shot in a Cathedral. #Family Feud
I’m really sore as hell. I could go for a full body massage.
I get so little out of debate at this point that I might just all but drop it
'do u hav the good drugz' my main man asks me in an RPG item, what would it be and what w...
What to choose, new phone or new kicks or new racing engine part?
What if Kylie is Kims surrogate? # K a r dash i an # Jen ne r # baby # sisters # what if # gossip # c his me
LAFAYETTE IM TAKIN THISHORSE BYTRHE REIGHNS MAKING REDCOATS REDDERWITH BLOODSTAINSL AFAYE TET N NEVER GONNA STOPO GNNA MAKE EM DROP BLOW E
Tax season is coming... good bye off days :-)
Every Kind of Way - H.E.R.
If this boy thinks I’m getting out my bed he has another thing coming
When I first left FB my cousin's partner was like 'good luck, won't take you long till you're back ' that was in 2012! TWITTER FOREVER
Celebrating with family and friends this year!
Shaayla stays confusing tf out of me when she messages me & doesn’t know tf she talking about ... feels like she on crack rn
The dads are out on their snowmobiles so I'm going to try and catch a ride. BRB
Now playing 2 Da Side by Jay E. Feat. Chingy & Nelly)!
When I run down the stairs fast I be imagining what it would be like to just trip n fall
Should I invest on a digital camera (e.g. Fujifilm X-T20) or a new phone with good camera (e.g. iPhone X) for travel photography purposes ?
Dey don’t like to C u winnin
Have u seen how much niggas steal splash
I probably drank like 7 tea's today.. I'm hydrated at least lol
HD HD HD smart cam code 1506 star sports select hd1 full Ok Asia sat 100°e HD full Ok nss6 dish TV 95°e HD full Ok 3/month 500. 03088005465
Hoe's Want My Lifestyle But Don't No My Story
THIS IS A PSA THAT I FRICKEN LOVE GAVROCHE AND HE DIDNT DESERVE HIS FATE THIS LIL BOY DESERVED TO LIVE A HAPPY LIFE
Selling your home? You should hide printed textiles & family photos during the open house.
Honestly my babygirl is seriously what you can call beautiful. I’m happy with my genes and my mans genes
what if chrom made it into smash would that make the roster chromplete?
the end of the f world tem uma trilha sonora e tanto
The grass is greener under me
I think it's about that time to upgrade frfr
Ugh. I'm literally so in love with Micah.
Yeah, I dip my pandesal in Coke
I can’t stop looking at those photos!!! ^^^ wow I look good! The past me would of never guess I would look like that!
Fun Fact: doughnuts are 10x healthier than crystal meth
My twitter profile is so a e s t h e t i c now, wuaw I’m proud of myself thanks google
Kinda feel like doing something tonight
Oh and also I don’t really have time, like I’m busy mondays and wednesdays and every other tuesday like ?????
I can’t wait for Mans to come back from Ghana
Hey quick question, what does BDSM mean? # reply t we et
I swear y’all be talking about y’all bf/gf the love of your life but as soon as y’all break up you got a new Boo 3hrs later, how that work
Gonna go into my house, take a LONG, relaxing shower, paint my toes a new shade of pink, put on a fresh face and just see what happens after that
Went into Ultra and came back out with a few other items which led me to spending way more than I intended but IDC lol Glad I got my shit. It happens every fkn time. #Ulta Wins Again
I'm a single mother, so excuse me if my tolerance for fuckboys is extremely low.
and i mean that literally this week. the eyeball thing made me s c r e a m
Lmao bro I can already see tonight is finna be funny asf
I got a thicc ass Dominican shawty 2018 most definitely going good
and i helped him buy this present online that cost close to $80 AND WE IN A NEW YEAR NOW GUYS SO IM TRYNA GET MI MONIES BACK
When you meet someone with a whole different mentality and you're able to talk about things that are beyond your typical "subjects" you realize how much you've actually been missing. It's a breath of fresh air.
Ok so far my goal for this year is too give a shit about my weight, get some tats, maybe a new piercing if it doesn't fuck up and of course C O N C E R T S
Twitter has become a field for media fatcats criticizing everything Govt does / will do and rank amateurs fending them off tooth and nail!
We wanna go to Austin, hotel party or dinner and club
#Saturday Screams The cherry soda machine is on the fritz again!
hm... curses im too la t e
I think my heart just broke even more
THIS SHIT GOT ME PRAYING I DONT GET KILTD STILL SCARY Y'ALL
Why do scary movies are not scary for me is there wrong with me
Cause i was a loner until I met you
me: i wanna watch a movie and cuddle and be cute! *starts a movie* also me: *falls asleep after 5 minutes*
If I didn't move away for eighth grade I probably woulda still been close with my friends from Nelson, and probably wouldn't have ended up with the friends I have now & although I hated it at the time I'm happy with where it brought me
Like a few days ago I went visit my coworker in there hospital and in the middle of telling me how to get to her room the security guard or W/e she supposed to be stopped and said "I like your face."
take what you need in 2018
In Alaska, instead of Amish people we have Russians.
Lord you say you gone forgive me so forgive me then
It's too cold to go out tonight
oh lol i also haven't seen the greatest showman but then again i have 0 interest so w/e
Daily Alexis Conner quotes Day one: “ i didn’t give, 1 fuck, 2 fucks, 3 fucks, Blue fucks”
was so sleepy i ended up falling asleep at my bestfriend house ...
Just realized that I haven’t left the house since New Years Eve thanks to the flu.
kinda want someone to cuddle up with, kinda want to be alone
a lust 4 life keeps us alive.
you know i gotta soft spot for youu
Tbh.. E for Effort. Black mirror is my show & I remember hyping it whenever only stranger things was popular on twitter so anybody who refers me to watch.. respect points
im so fucking blu to do anything
my phones on 4% and my chargers in my room but Julian is asleep on me and looks so comfy, I don't wanna move!!
/! WARNING OF THE DAY /! don't e a t
Sleep Powder something slow, then Screech the switch to hopefully hurt something. Metagross is going to own [Venomoth] more than badly.
Rick and Morty - Evil Morty Theme Song (Trap Remix)
Heard outside the bar: “That’s a quality Menthol. That’s like a Countrytime Lemonade. Homegrown. I don’t know what I’m saying. I hate walking.”
Sharing secrets with your friends is not that bad at all <3
F.R.I.E.N.D.S is officially on Netflix guys! My day just got better
32. I mean I hated school but I never minded P.E bc my ass is sporty or English communications
I really need to re-read my tweets before I post them
so mi momma keeps my brother’s card because she thinks he doesn’t know how to control dem monies
I forgot to turn off my wifi lol
Dr Serizawa looks villainous AF wearing that eyepatch and black leather gloves all the time # s v en go o lie
in need of some new girl friends hmu if u wanna smoke and go shopping w me
this why I dont like this shit
"From the time I was a kid, I always knew something was going to happen to me. Didn't know exactly what"
“We can’t have BLADEs playing musical chairs whenever this kind of emergency hits us.”
she did that too but that other girl snatched me bald.
Why does a manta filter not clog? It’s ricochet separation my friends. What is this marvelous thing and how can I get it you ask? Come find out tomorrow at SICB.
Why is everyone on Snapchat always sad
Girls with braces comment ain’t for me no more lol I’m grown get out my mouth
But I’m working on it friends. Just work with me.
So criteria 1:demon # 2: Black haired # 3: b e e f
i’f y’all are interested in real serial murder mysteries like me then you should watch the killing season it’s on hulu and comes on A&E
Cause of E. coli outbreak linked to romaine lettuce still unclear
"You've got a 50/50 chance. The fate of all humanity hanging in the balance... Gotta love those odds! So... what are you waiting for?"
I’m turning into some kind of feel like shit again.
I wnat my eaures, u little cunts, did u ignore me. DID YOU FUCKING IFNORE E ME OVER AN OVER, what paert of no, do do, u want a fucking slap,
That’s why my grandma selling the house now. People always trynna take advantage of her and she too nice to say no and mean no.
Any type of mixed girl is the baddest tbh
Ever since i left roose i just feel depressed
Avengers: Infinity War Fan Figures Out Where Floating Ring is Over NYC
*looking in mirror* Would you f*** me? I'd f*** me I'd f*** me hard
I do not hesitate when it comes to spending money on myself I will go broke spoiling myself
Been watching how to get away w murder for like 10 hours now today fuck lol
Well about me lol we can talk about you tho
Once my baby get out the tub
When you truly believe in what you are doing, it shows. And it pays. Winners in life are those who are excited about where they're going.
fiz dread e to toda boba
Never let anyone tell you what you can’t do no matter how close they are to you. At the end of the day you can do anything you put your mind too.
Behavior modification - most forget about the modification part.
I really wanted to get fine this weekend but my contact lenses ain’t shipped so
You gotta be about some money just to talk to me
nah nvm , all to me better
Some people out here trying to have New Years babies
“[H]e did not seem to move so much as drift, and his blade went everywhere, silken, effortless.” # am reading #The Girl In The Tower # Plot t y mouths
Your future depends on what you do today!
There are times in your life when you realize that no matter what you do for some people, it will never be good enough. The question is, is that your problem or theirs?
Chris and i are debating on what to do for our anniversary!
I need to link up wit my big bros
gosh I sure wish pedophilia was legal
Reciprocating the energy given to me
every time i put party favor on in the car, my mom asks who i’m calling
don’t ever break your neck for the ungrateful
And yess I know how bat it must hurts to see me like this, but it gets worse
Wtf is #B T Soutcast D3 can somone explain?
Niggas Tweet corny for female approval ... SMH
Are u ever just tired of like the same types of trans imgs/models/ppl becoming most popular and photographed and heralded as trans icons i.e. thin ''masc'' presenting trans bodies bc i sure do
GrimLock | Shay E and Ricardo Rodriguez | Halloween Party Top 100
Ever heard that expression about the wet noodle?
I don't get attached to nothing but money
i need to stop letting things get to me so fast when it's probably not that serious.
do i need to continue???? Always got some rude to say. how bout we be rude and put your ass OUT!!!! and i hope she K. N. O. W. she gotta go before May 2018 and I’m NOT playing on me.
you want it? you get it baby.
idk what ima do when E goes back into hibernation for school... it’ll be another 3 months before contact
LRT: HAD A FUCKN CESAR SALAD ON TUES. DONT TELL ME MY VERTIGO FROM THAT NIGHT AND ON IS FROM E.COLI bruUUhhhhh
I only had a couple deep talks ion talk like that
Flirtaus was only 15 when she had the power of bringing army together as a family we are, leaving fanwars and negativity away from the fandom for once and have fun together over a fun, interactive au. L E G E N D . # b t s o u t c a s t d 4
Esta puta serie me tiene en modo What The fuck?
for. Ya know you have some friends you just know you can talk for hours and sometimes you just don’t have enough energy to provide a good conversation with? That’s me almost all the time.
I wanna get otp till I fall asleep
Ik it is late, but I’m so hungry
i love when i learn 5 minutes before we're leaving that WE'RE LEAVING
it’s a cycle, man. it’s a never ending, mother fucking cycle, man.
to eat or to try to get more sleep? :/
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOO yall niggas are something else!
We moving on, next round, # wild card is what we are. # at l ant a f al cons
I love body things like perfume, lotion, oils & stuff like that
almost.... but then i remembered the footage. *pours last glass of *
Lemme sit this asssssss ...... on ya
hi hi im taking a break from twitter if anyone cares !
ASIASAT-7/105.5'E LIFE NEWS MPEG_4/ HD/FTA RE-STARTED FREQ:4070 H 2963 (C-BAND)
Noisy Party Ln E Beverley S D Arcy & Beverley St [52 Div.] 01/07 00:19 # # Toronto
Assault Just Occurred Eglinton Ave E & Comstock Rd [41 Div.] 01/07 00:19 #38 # Toronto
Insidious was not that good as I thought it would be or was I too high ?
Someone translated "paes Jawa" as "Javanese head authentic painting" and I legit couldn't stop laughing.
Paying off debt and going to restaurants we can’t pronounce W-E-A-L-T-H-L-Y
just finished The End of the Fucking World on Netflix. what the fu c k. i am actually crying. im so pissed off
it’s jus us girl , lemme know wassup girl
Y’all better stop sleeping on Cancers.
THIS JUST MAKES ME MKRE NERVOUS AND EXCITED FOR DONGHAN’S HES GOING TO BE SO CHEESY AND CUTE CAN THE 9TH COME ANY SLOWER OMG
•React with rage or contempt and try to belittle the other person to make themselves appear superior (e.g.,“Crooked Hillary, Little Marco, Lyin Ted”) •Have difficulty regulating emotions and behavior •Experience major problems dealing with stress and adapting to change
If you watched insidious and didn't get emotional when the dad locked the little girl in the basement you have no soul
Sometime Grambling pisses me off!! I told them to add the suffix to my name they did the complete opposite, now I can’t accept my fees! I don’t know who the hell I am now! WHO HIRED THESE PEOPLE # gram f am
They kept on dancing for their gay Ass partners (C***d and A*e) for the rest of time.
Hood nigga but be on some romantic shit
Like I’m working out life done dropped a lot of weight on me, I been busy I been working HARD so don’t you hate on me
I don’t think I can tell you guys enough how damn proud I am of E. Like some girls got skinny ass frat boy shrimp dick guys to sleep with. Like shit I get to sleep with a badass with one hell of an ass.
I've come to realize that there aren't many "men" who are capable to work with females without getting somehow involved, i see it all the time, it's just sad.
what can i do to love you, more than i do now?
mcu clint barton deserves b e t t e r
INTELSAT-17/66.E $ SONY NETWORK-HD FREQ:3845 H 30000 PowerVu_Key: ECMKey=00: 986DE3D283A78300 ECMKey=01: 25CE74904577A50
I am so scared to put my retainers in holy fuck all my teeth are gonna fall out
You pay ZERO bills and my grandma keeps YOUR child while you’re at work. Even when you’re not at work you will STILL walk out the house and leave your child bc you know you have a “at home babysitter”
I refuse to be depressed and cry all 2018 so I’ll just remove negativity i.e. negative people, negative energy, etc. from my life.
Always remember that God has bigger and better plans
GUYS! exactly one month till i turn 18
So many pretty faces with broken hearts.
I’m super happy for all of my friends that are engaged/already married, but dang you guys have my parents believing that I’m behind or failing at life just because I’m pursuing different parts of my life first.
I CALLED MALIAYA TO TELL HER SOMETHING BUT SHE KNOCKED A L R E A D Y
Mistake... Viznitz'e r "LEARNING" a blat...
By all laws of aviation bees shouldn't be able to fly
What are the kinds of nouns? Ang dami! Concrete noun, Proper noun, Common noun, Mass Noun at iba pa. Ang alam ko lang is NOUN - are names of people, places, things, ideas and events. Jusko # English 101
Its IN me Not on Me lil nigga ..
I'm starting to become a minho stan ... ( loyal )
love when michael j fox rocks TF out on that sexy ass red electric guitar in back to the future
You make me feel like I'm living a, teenage, dream The way you turn me on I, can't, sleep Let's runaway And don't ever look back Don't ever look back
This may sound over dramatic. But if I come back in the next life as female, I don’t know what I will do. It sucks.
When it's this cold you better believe im calculating that wind to smoke out my window to stay a few degrees warmer. No shame.
Man the good girls went silent on me they got a boyfriend or left for college on me. All the bad ones I used to know are friends now that make me wish I had a lil less mileage on me.
Another meal at Perkins.... Mom/Pop sharing a M o M e N T together The madness of society Disappears during a quiet Meal.. Real people/Real emotions Expressed in real-time. Uncertain tomorrows fade to Black now Silent tears binding complex Souls anew Topeka Kansas flows? Always.
I’m not even bitter like ... I just wanna know why lmao.
Baby daddy looking like a snack on IG
Make mistakes, learn from them, and move on.
Oh no back to shower slippers
first everyone attacked me with “this is nice, but why am i tagged?” and now they are “trying to support my karaoke career” can someone please send help
Don’t let nobody block your blessings yall.
Baby you're amazing, just the way you are.
Finally fire is under control! Thank you Lord
I do not appreciate this t o m f o o l e r y.
I enjoy life with you is the greatest thing in my life
being alone really makes you realize a lot of shit.
packing is the worst someone help
Sweatpants, velcro shoes, early 90s Dallas Cowboys hat, and a cut off D.A.R.E t-shirt... # people you see at bin go # salt of the earth
Headache like a mug. I do not want to drive to victorville. I need a driver SMH
i can't think of ayn rand without immediately thinking of rand paul, paul ryan and ron paul and then trying to remember who is who
The Denny and Izzie episodes break my heart all over again.
#Now Playing 01 L E - Only Got Fans on #wwcfam.com
Let’s get this #Movie Pass tested out!!
I'm missing Don'Trell like crazy and it's kinda bothering me .
bored as hell, late stream might happen
Sleep thru the day then we play
you can plan a pretty picnic but you can’t predict the weather
reading some bad reviews made by westerners (esp Americans) abt hostels make me cringe sometimes like ugh ang arte niyo
is it pre existing knowledge that sophie monk plays the girl in the blink 182 - always music video
I been so moody for no reason. Idc. I think I’m just over everything. Not to mention I’m broke! Shit that alone explains my frustration
fun fact: if i don't put tweets in my poems thread, they're not mine. they're either song lyrics or quotes from an individual i look up to. fun fucking fact.
maior saudades de welligton e willian
i've been watching videos of people cutting soap for about 30 minutes now
If you treat me in the manner, in which satisfies them.. that would be sad.. We can overrule anybody...and fulfill a way bigger/better plan.
Never had to gas myself like that but damn the pic I just took I look type thick
I’m too prideful to let you trick ass hoes know tho CAP SZN
No e rickshaws on busy roads of Morigaon orders Dist Admin Reports
Please whoever put juju on my love life abeg e don do
Shit staring monday ima start motivating myself & changing my ways b/c of the video i just saw..
u kno u fw a hood nigga when he ask u to drive him to court
all you ever did was wre-e-eck me
No explanation needed I guess some just see what they see...
“Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind.” A.E.
Tfw When your $pou$e finds out you’re drawing furries for school and threatens divorce
Oh, she’s brought the Griffin down. Time to f e e d i t
The reason why I can't go out today is that I'm in charge of the laundry.
When they break your heart and they don’t even care but you have to act like you don’t care
So I can’t eat solid food I’ve come to realize...I can only handle chicken broth with some noodles in it
okeh okeh back to benham life.
Why do I feel like... I don't know how to draw anymore? This is frustrating!!
Tay got me crying in these messages. She WILD magnolia!
ugh no one is online so I just stopped the periscope
Can somebody give e a ride to get my baby some milk ?
Who going to church with me tomorrow?
Fck with me and get some money
not going out of my way for anybody anymore
gonna save up my tax returns and get some fake tiddymeat
me add e ouve “the wolf and the sheep” do alec
i just wanna cuddle til i knockout.
I need to go home. I gotta be up at 2:30
Black Museum (2017) is already giving me anxiety even though I haven’t seen it. So I’m just rewatching Hang The DJ.
probs the only people that can make me die of laughter honestly what great losers
I promise you some men are so sweet...
ASIASAT-7/105.5'E CHANNL 4 MPEG_4/ HD/FTA STARTED FREQ:3902 V 2963 (C- BAND) N-TV NEWS Removed Form ASIASAT-7/105.5'E
Lolo played all the song from his teenage years and we just have our poker face in front of him
What y'all not "Finna" do is....piss me off all 2018 I'm minding my business so hard this year my response to e v e r y t h i n g is going to be
We are always open for new members. Please, consider it.
Hmu if you’re trying to be friends :’)
catching up to rwby #RWBY # binge watching
I was supposed to be in Vegas rn and I’m not
Holy shit. Go see The Greatest Showman.
Omg!! This is getting more interesting... # b t sou t cast #JIN OR #TAE
Mind boggling how bored I am.
GET READY FOR VAGUE TWEETS ABOUT ME BEING ANGRY WITH THE UI OF THIS THING FOR A Y E A R
Got a surprise visit from my aunt and uncle at work.. I feel loved lol
look what you made me do
I can’t imagine not having facial hair
m*****e k**g pisses me off the rumors are true
Be grateful!!! I don’t share music like ever!
“Do you have ‘return of the Mac’ on karaoke?”
I 100% forgot they even made Finding Dory
Tell me Sesshomaru. . .have you someone to p r o t e c t? --Inutaisho.
Fucking hate having a big ass forehead
is there cryptokitties themed porn yet
Lady vin life via page ....sape tahu page saya jom life chat sama sama on weekends :)
IT'S S O F T HOURS MY D U D E S
Wind 7.5 mph E. Barometer 1015.5 hPa, Rising slowly. Temperature 2.6 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 66%
what an a n g e l
I’m about to go to sleep & i want to say that i love e&g and I’m so thankful that they exist
When she let you bust deep in them guts
My Cap really hold my Pisces moon down cuz I’d be a fucking lame if it didn’t
Can't see the latest info for your port? Search for your departure port using a # & prefix PO (i.e. #P O Dover, etc.) for latest updates.
i didnt even do anything lol
idk why seeing these ppl have sex making me sad
I give no fucks about it.
Successful third try. Thanks for tuning in.
honestly had such a good night with my faves
E his memory Yoongi left V alone V is sad V want a revenge V want yoongi to suffer . . V can't help himsel- V need he lp V s cre ming H el p hi m Help Kim Taehyung . . Please Hoseok
Small deeds done is its the time.
i wanna fall asleep on ftany takers,?? dm me
Then 200 naira for class administrative such as sending of bulk sms, typing of attendance list, Photocopy of course outline E.T.C pls comply
Wind 4.6 kts E. Barometer 1031.33 mb, Rising slowly. Temperature 0.2 °C. Rain today 0.3 mm. Humidity 86%
Oh dear, I'm on # Sky p e now.
its time to be mature keep it in your mind
Wind 0.0 mph E. Barometer 30.615 in, Falling. Temperature 7.3 °F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 81%
it be hard to sell drugz when f e d s keep watching
Hemet Weather at 9:30 PM, Temperature 56.5, Humidity 59%, Wind 0.0 mph from the E, Daily Rain 0.00", Monthly Rain 0.00", Yearly Rain 0.55"
23:30 Temp: 52.2 F Chill: 50.2 F Wind:E 8.9 G 13.0 Hum: 55% Bar: 1019.88mb Falling|Rain: Today 0.00", Jan 0.00", 0.00" yr # g t x w x
Love having a flight that's originally 7:00 and delayed until midnight finally got on, thank god
Oh boy, it's Bowse--- I mean, the big enemy
LIVE with the Mario Party Octathlon!
Wind 1.0 mph E. Barometer 30.442 in, Falling. Temperature 30.7 °F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 56%
I expect nothing and I'm still let down.
*Logs on to computer to continue writing before bed* computer needs an update that'll take so damn long... K I L L M E P L E A S E
i had so much fun tonight
SORRY I'M JUST FEELING ALL THE DEVILMAN FEELS this was just such a good anime to start 2018
We asked this nigga E to bring us food and this nigga came with candy canes
Connor just asked what the wifi password is for this bar and they said “yeah it’s the number 1 and all caps A-S-S-J-U-I-C-E and the number 1 again”
this dear david story just made me shit my pants
But not to worry! I was REX's lead designer, and I'm here to support you.
dont worry about what you’re NOT but focus on everything that you are baby.
IS IT RAP MUSIC IN HEAVEN?
You’re the one I prayed for
I CANT BELIVEVE E E E
my contacts ripped so i am blind
I need Takk sack dance gif.....like right now lol
Y’all still in bed ka Heat e?
I wasn’t gonna eat when I got home cause it’s late, but when I walked out of work it smelt like mustard. Now I want mustard lol.
Why we get rid of bogut we shoulda waived brook lopez weak ass
I’m always thinking someone trying fight I guess I don’t always need to be on the offense
Notable how often I see startups iterate over time only to land on approaches already being used by incumbents in their space. e.g. eCommerce companies starting as direct to consumer adding physical retail
question-- why is it that when i brush my own teeth it doesnt feel nice enough, BUT when the dentist does it, it fucking hurts like a bitch BUT it feels fucking amazing?? I fall asleep to that shit.. take me back to the dentist
30. "she never looked nice. she looked like art, and art wasn't supposed to look nice; it was supposed to make you feel something"
What's uhm Human Gemone Project? Lol essay yada yada.
not everybody that’s riding with you is riding for you. let the gas run out and see who helps you push!
I knew somebody nigga was tryna get ahold of me
my favorite thing about living with E and D is listening to them bicker in the exact ways E and I bicker. we are one cohesive unit of love and WELL COMMUNICATE BETTER THEN.
I never knew I'll use my boyscout skills for the Morse Code. Hell yeah! #B T Soutcast D4
Avg Wind:10kts, Gust:13kts, Wave Height:0.4m, Wave Period:4s, Wind Dir:97 °(E), Gust Dir:95 °(E) at 07/01/2018 05:24:00
Water Temp:9.5 °C, Avg Wind:11kts, Gust Dir:109 °(E), Wave Height:0.5m, Wave Period:3s, Gust:14kts at 07/01/2018 05:25:00
If ur not O B S E S S E D with "Finesse" by Bruno/Cardi like the rest of us are, are u really starting ur 2018 off right?
I didn’t know what true love was until I met you # i l y
Avg Wind:16kts, Gust:30kts, Wind Dir:92 °(E), Gust Dir:87 °(E), Water Temp:8.1 °C at 07/01/2018 05:24:00
Avg Wind:15kts, Gust:20kts, Wave Height:0.9m, Wind Dir:81 °(E), Gust Dir:69 °(E), Water Temp:9.4 °C at 07/01/2018 05:24:00
Avg Wind:21kts, Gust:25kts, Wind Dir:78 °(E), Gust Dir:84 °(E) at 07/01/2018 05:26:00
Water Temp:7.3 °C, Avg Wind:13kts, Wave Height:0.9m, Wave Period:4s, Gust Dir:92 °(E), Gust:19kts at 07/01/2018 05:26:00
Aye you know McDonald’s sprite is the dangerous cause it’s quiet af but the drink sounding like a snake n shit
sooo where do I apply to be the next raiders coach!? $100M garaunteed to lose!!!?? Ummm i am “qualified”
That problem that looks permanent is only ...t e m p o r a r y
SMOKE A PUSSY NiGGA LiKE A NEWPORT
One of my fav shoots of her ♡♡ >RT
I've lived I've loved I've lost I've missed I've hurt I've trusted I've lost I've made mistakes but most of all, I've learned
Y’all don’t understand my pain right nowwwww
Should have stolen e ko lapeng. They don’t even know how to use it
people really talk about people they hate on here whew so glad i can't relate
I can only rely on myself
He also said, “we do not remember days, we remember moments.” There’s a certain beautiful honesty to his words that I just love.
Pea coat not really cutting it in these streets
Man........ ...............damn .........................i ...................need .............a ..................g...........i...............r...............l.........f............r...............i....................e.....................n..............................d!!
going back to an old relationship is like reading your favorite book and expecting a different ending to happen.
i missed every shot i didn’t take today
i just had a burst of self confidence so i stared at myself in the bathroom mirror for 10 minutes straight. then i got tired of myself and stopped
no one in my life will ever replace charli
Lmfaoooo aye that was prob him tryna call me from jail
Watson and I are bonding over ****. Amazing.
I’m using ya name imma gold digga-Zeus Da God
Why can't music be as good as it was back then?¿
Sticking with twitter , snap and insta
Congratulations to my beautiful niece, Shannon Fay and her new husband, Andrew Ewing. You wanted snow, right, Shannon?
Jaden Smith makes really good music
I really hope that was parking
Hahaha! Now i know the feelings na end sa near group just bcoz of my looks
Both of my outfits are cute asf and they silk pink for my birthday lol
Cant wait to move outta dayton to ohio
Note: find people who encourage you to keep growing.
Yes, i am okay. Dont worry im fine.
chuck e cheese's????? nah i wanna go to GILLIGAN'S PIZZA PALACE
explain to me what #outcast D4 is jebal. I'm not active for about 2 days and I'm clueless what's happening :(
i should start reading em during my lonely hours.
Highlight from 2018: went to the dentist and they didn’t ask me if I flossed on a regular basis. Brighter days are coming my friends
N.E.R.D is not fucking around with this new album. Nothing but bangers.
~ WE FOUND LOVE IN A HOPELESS PLACE
Dobby's detergent scent really gives me life ! I feel soooooooo wangi all day
secretly dangerous; the hurt that you capable of;
Antes meu guilty pleasure era kpop, agora é sam smith - too good at goodbyes
I had two shots, 2 sex on the beaches and 2 beers...how am I not drunk?
Idc what you tell these bitches but on WS don’t lie on me. Nigga tell these hoes the truth
I'm A Male Thot Off That Henny, Because #Henny Thing Is Possible , But On That White , Im A Classy Rich Ass Type Of Nga lol.
i want to be the person you're scared to lose
L・O・V・E! KO・KO・RO! Come on, you say it too!
“All I ever ask is you keep it 8 more than 92 with me ...”
Bet u she think that quoted song lyric towards her
“Let’s start over again. Hi my name is Namjoon” he grabs my chin, I gave him a smile while tears are rolling down my cheek. “I don’t care if you feel like you’re a burden. You are not me. I care for you.”
Damn the support is insane <3
either way its what & what to me
that fkn knuckles video has me d e a d
Some people don't love their kids enough to go out their way for themI'll never be that type they say never say never, but MARK MY WORDS I' L L N E V E R B E T H A T T Y P E
"There is nothing like a dream to create the future." Victor Hugo
Temperature: 21.6C Wind: 0.0kph E Rain: 0.0mm Pressure: 1009.2hpa Forecast: Occasional Rain, Worsening.
Can't believe I'm a couple weeks I'll have a FOUR year old
FUCK THATS SOft I LOOK AT SEBASTIAN AND I FEEL H O M E
Feeling down? Here's a tip: listen to nostalgic music and think about how much happier you used to be so you can be d o u b l e s a d :)
Y'all know those beverages labelled "served chilled better"? When they're not served chilled, they taste like crap.
“But why?” I can’t look into his eyes, once I started crying, the tears won’t stop.
many things are confusing me this evening thank you for listening
So Charles is boo-hooing because he has to finally become an adult?! Nigga what?! #Sweetie Pies
Life is full of “what if’s” L”IF”E
oh honey you’ll gag and be glad of it
I wish I didn't have to see some of the stupid shit y'all retweet - just being honest
Bills passed by Assembly many times are not signed for years at Raj Bhavan, which has become a Congress Bhavan & Cong teaches Guj democracy!
boutta permanently give up streaming cos black mirror has me S H O O K E T H.
I just popped a perk another for dessert I washed it down with syrup
spent all this time trying to become someone you would like, when really I should work on becoming someone I love
Electoral Officer posted to Ughelli did not come with Election Result sheets; so, no elections in Ughelli North. The electoral officer was beaten to stupor and whisked away by security agents. The way elections is degenerating into a do-or-die affair in Delta state is alarming.
Free love by Marc E. Bassy will always sleep
damn. u lose me. aw sorry
Scooter got me freezing in this bitch
Hey look at me going out and being social... (I'm super uncomfortable)
hIS NAME IS DUFF MCWHALEN WHAT IS THIS H I S N A M E I S D U F F M C W H A L E n
Love all. Trust a few. Do wrong to none.
Strip that down Liam Payne ft Quavo
it’s really incomprehensible to me that there’s just a random sample of navi from zelda going ‘listen!’ in the middle of ko ko bop. why? it throws me every time i hear it. exo pls explain i am confusion
it bothers me seeing all the “women get treated so badly by men” as if they dnt have women that treat men the same way
Fortnight is such a dumb game
Music is really like a therapy session for me
Going to get a 4K TV tomorrow. I feel behind the lol
# un becoming "E.R. raised himself from the divan in amazement, not able to understand that sickness could be outside the body, full of fear that his face would finally become known."
I'm about to stop fw people who pick and choose when they wanna fwm.
It's been a while since I flipped my switch...
I'm not ashamed to say I failed on some stuff and stuff ain't go through like I thought but it's all apart of life
Note: don’t lower your standards to fit in.
IDEK WHY IM INSPIRED BY EAR4TALENT BUT ACCORDING TO MY MENTIONS I AM
A black baseball cap that says "PANGUS" in reflective block letters
I’ve gotten to play in snow the past 2 days and i honestly never thought i would ever get to say that, BUT IT FINALLY HAPPENED AND I AM SO HAPPY
y’all be so flawless with y’all eyelash extensions or mink lashes or w.e but i refuse to wear em cause I’m sure I’ll love dem and get addicted to em
Getting more hours at work, got a second job AND I'm about to start school again... 2018 already treating me well
You don’t deserve this world’s love.
At least apologize for tripping over him. “S — Sorry, I’m — c'mon —” Amazing.
so many parinig! bat dimo ichat?
“you got tequila on your phone” “it’s used to it”
sempre lembro da best friend yasmin....
Hopefully my assumption is correct gotta wait and see.
Why am I listening to hoodrich?
This song speaks to me on so many levels
1st sem is more fun than 2nd sem
" If you love someone, set them free if they come back it was meant to be, if not they never were meant to be."
Back in Kingston - which means back to practicing gymnastics so I can shave my legs in this tiny dorm room shower
Straight white men who “don’t believe in feminism because it’s not my battle to fight” are gonna be taken out by natural selection so soon
I shldnt have lay down in class aft taking e meds. Now im feeling nauseous omg
I stayed up from 7am Friday until 9am Saturday & I just woke up. #Circadian Rhythm is out of wack. It's below 0 tonight. # Hi be r n at in g # B r r r
I need someone who is at least similar to where I am in life. Give or take
a friend got me two novels, i have a life again.
This bitch Nancy is drunk asf again part two like no
I’m trying not to be bitter bro I promise.
Weed and Alcohol seems to satisfy us all . .
My family hella wild. Half of the things that I’m watching I didn’t know actually happened
one of my new laces is already ripping and i’m PISSED
Going to Overtime...... tied at 1-1 Catch it live on my YouTube channel (ValleyCatsFan10
Wale station on Pandora is the best keeps me in the shower for way longer than usual lmao
I’m d o n e all men are trash bye 2018 I’m dating myself
Did anyone else get to college and realize that you’re the only person who’s family never went on ski trips/ own a ski house??? Or is that just me
Live forever with a smile stuck on your face, You think he knows you, But i know you the most girl
Idk why it had to be my dad, he has no more fight in him... I’m balling my eyes out right now and I can’t imagine how it will be when’s he’s gone
Dua Lipa playlist IDGAF Blow Your Mind New Rules Next: Be The One
I was so devastated when Paul Walker passed that I couldn’t watch Fast and Furious 7. Well it’s going on 3 years and I’m finally watching it! PW you sure are missed
dat baby needs 2 go # j o j os bizarre adventure
Note: don’t shrink who you are to make other people comfortable.
Wont catch me huffing no hardware store shit
I need friends that actually want to hang out & have sleepovers with me
i don't care if you're a fan of yuzuru or not just don't be an asshole about it i.e. wow i hope he fails at the olympics like he did at 2016 worlds
If you can read my mind , you'd be in tears
47.1C or 116.8F. I am dying.
I FINISHED WATCHING FIGHT MY WAY AMD I WANNA CRY IT WAS SO CUT E
Fan stopped her ears up the entire movie
QUIT SPEAKING DOWN ON MY GANGSTA IF YOU NOT TALKING FACTS
These girls and guys ㅋㅋㅋ all the same.
I think I might’ve found my happiness
These thots want me to e a pretty liar so bad
Don’t you miss me when I’m gone, Bitch you the fuckin reason that I’m not around
Idk why my follow button must be broken
05:25am and I haven’t slept yet being on holiday from uni is not good for my sleep pattern
You will never know the truth of her heart because to busy trying to find the false in her
I'll only talk to you if you have fans I can steal.
so sorry if i end up liking one of your older pics on instagram, they’re just showing me pics from 6 days ago instead of 6 minutes ago
self-described stable genius president, tv star, biz whiz, macho lady killer dehumanizes citizens he serves on a whim. Boasting is rare among true intellects, i.e. Stephen Hawking.
I’ll never understand why people hang out with the people that they’ve talked so bad on.
"There are dark shadows on the earth, but its lights are stronger in the contrast."______Charles Dickens
If anyone has cake or donuts please bring some to my house
David Tyree ~ "You Ever Be Riding Down the Highway And See 1them uhaulTrucks With the Trailer On it And Ask Yourself Wonder Where theyre Moving All that raggedyShit"?!.. lmaoooooooooo
when you retwitt Phrases and minute later you see everyone copying you by rewtwitting phrases also Wtf
Or a TJ day trip w/e works I want tacos lmao
There can be no Status Quo within an Evolving Universe, you'd better believe it.
Ball you get the call, # at l ant a f al cons haters have fun, love your videos. # rise up moving on. — feeling happy
my tea taste so bad what tea do you all like the best? I want to try new ones
Don’t you b holding back your love
Children spell love...T-I-M-E. Dr. Anthony P. Witham # d ran t hon y p with am
Imagine getting JUMPED and than you hear somebody saying “MOVE IM ABOUT TO RUN HER ANKLES OVER WITH THIS SCOOTER “
I gotta get up in 6 hours & im on here teaching biology to folks.
“You gotta be happy alone to be happy together. You gotta lose something u know to learn how to get better.” Just heard that in a song and liked it for some reason.
plz fave this tweet if you are interested in me poking you on facebook
We talked with Zoe (Zachary was there but focus was with older Zoe) this week about how prayers don't have to start with "Heavenly Father" and shared more inclusive phrases (e.g., "Heavenly Creator") since God is neither male nor female. She's onboard.
Rosca does not taste good to me
Cesar Pavese once said, "love is truly the great manifesto, the urge to be, to count for something, and if death must come, to die valiantly, with acclamation-in short, to remain a memory.”
"I'm strictly for Stevenson. I don't dig the intellectual bit, but I'm telling you, man, he knows the most. "
it’s like nowadays mfs be talking out they ass
All that's left is to erase memories. So that when I see you the next time you are someone new with some people already attached to you.
The pimple on my nose is so big I can literally f r e a k i n g s e e i t.
Promise you won’t love nobody else
OHMYGOFD I HATE CAROLINE AND GABBY AND VIC AND KATIE THEYRE FAKE
XO TOUR LIFE Lil Wayne. Baby E.
Going to miss waking up next to my baby oh so terribly
I hate when a couple breaks up cuz all they do is talk shit about each other and they end up getting back together
im getting old,,,, lately ive been getting tired at exactly 11 pm for no reason,,, i now have a bedtime curfew,,, fucc
LISTEN ONE OF THE MAIN CHARACTERS IS A DOG AND HE IS THE B E S T BOI
CARALHO THE END OF THE FUCKING WORLD É MUITO BOM
Did you know that Elvis grew up in a 2 room house in Tupelo Mississippi
I don't trust the Vikings just by looking at their schedule they didn't play any good teams and the good team they played they lost. I think whoever wins out of the Saints and Panthers will beat them.
the only suffering i would love, really. #B T Soutcast D4
ive got an admiration for how much this show is willing to punish its viewers
Being a father is G R E A T
indirect me for sticking up for a friend perhaps........... lmao but n e ways!
Rick from Pawn Stars has a laugh that makes me want to give him the Heimlich
You’re either with me or against me
Honestly just feel used at this point.
It's Kim Seokjin i swear! Clue: ONE Possible= 1. SEOKJIN = ONE 2. TAEHYUNG =TWO OR 'O'NE S E 'O' K J I N #B T Soutcast D4 IM GOING CRAZY.
Orange rhymes with forge. Give me a check
I CANT FUCKIN BREATH E SABE ME
A lot of them are by abled authors and most of them focus on individual efforts to overcome ableist obstacles (e.g. disabled person works hard and turns the other cheek, abled ppl be "nicer" to disabled ppl) instead of challenging systemic ableism at large.
do these niggas not know i have a room to clean and a life to maintain???????????????
Pose to been sleep 2 hours ago
When I'm writing the darkness is always there. I go where the pain is. ~ Anne Rice # writing tips # writers life
Rule number 1.. never be number 2
When it's late, it's so cold atoms are hibernating and your freaking dog has to go out
id rather be uninformed than misinformed
I’m 21 and I haven’t even purchased an alcoholic drink omg
Drugs are marvelous--it's life that's evil. And sometimes the only way to face it is to get completely twisted. E. Jean Carroll
Enjoy these moments now, because they don't last forever.
Splays out. Give him a t t e n t i o n .
I’m gonna appreciate my little booty more, because if I appreciate it more it’ll grow into a bigger booty
I guess I know where I stand. I dont mean anything to them anymore..
Also the line “some people aren’t built happy”...it hit me. A lot.
Im bored... someone tell me a joke
Dreaming about shopping for food and cooking utensils, that’s a new one.
Me: I need to be up early tomorrow so can I please a decent amount of sleep Brain: interesting concept, but no
we ain’t seal the deal, but ima keep it real and be patient
I hate being bored this late
my latest instagram picture has me crying
Wow these cramps got my stomach and back hurting
Gnite guys... I love u all!
The Eloy came out of me last night
Vacation ends today. It’s been too dope
DIABLO (DIY) EVERYTHING DIABLO WON'T PAY OTHERS TO DO FOR DIABLO WHEN DIABLO CAN DO IT THY SELF
05h24 h o w t o s l e e p
Travis Kalanick, the former C.E.O., and some other early investors who controlled Uber’s ownership were said to be selling stock to a consortium led by SoftBank. MIKE ISAAC # Technology
If you beat around the bush on me Don’t be wondering why I’m gone .
Alexis is still single because she be telling niggas they got fat. Lmao. Pobresita
Still have a hang over from decemeber 2017. Everytime i make my report
Sharp breaks tie as Blackhawks beat Rangers
If I promise to be good And split open the grave mouth Would you take me to paradise?
This Is Your Body On Dry January
I got the baby in my pan so it looks like I'm cooking for the whole fam
Wish I Had Someone To Play iMessage Games With
I still remember seeing Ken’s accident when it happened, Lena and I literally screamed
"Nikkah (marriage) is my sunnah." (Ibn-e-Majah) ~ TK
I wonder what it’s like to not be so insecure ...
they hate i keep it so reaaal
lrts !!! E X A C T L Y.
,.,.,., He's gonna be, in the background, watching the two. Adorabl e.
Siguen yo ya estaba full from la carne asada. Then, they bust out la rosca y chocolate la abuelita . Ya, girl couldn't resist
Don't leave your pets in the cold.
my nigga said why all the e’s in mercedes sound different lmao
belly aches while you're in bed, c a n y o u f e e l i t?
pineapple fanta is my fav soda as of recent. it’s truly crack
These bitches need to kick in
Can’t wait till I get sucked and fuckedddd
if u dm it to me i’ll send u mine as well i just dont like publicly saying the handle bc irls follow me there
I've dedicated the past three days of my life to a Minecraft build. I'm such a loser.
HOLY SHIT ALL THE JINCHURIKI GOT ONE, TOO
“T R U S T H I M H O E”
Good day of football need to follow that up for tomorrow
My bf just bought me 30in weave, we ain't never breaking up
“I might get busy, but I wouldn’t leave you on purpose,” He grabs my hand. “I know we barely know each other, but I have feeling of the need to take care of you”
good people never get what they deserve in a good way and i’m so fucking mad about it fuck bad people fuck them they don’t deserve good things
Without the love, In case and shouldn't comeback deserves better!
Orders pizza less than 5 min ago.. Me: Where the fuck is my pizza
OMG is TMR the last day for #BTSOUTCAST NOOOOO I want to know the truth but I don't want it to end #B T Soutcast D4
Niggas be sick when u just pull up and sit for a cut when they been waitin for hours for a shape up.
I'm not sure how it would work out, but it'll motivate me to do I be # re la table
OH NO WGHAT DOW E DO
I feel so fucking lonely. No one cares about how I feel. No one cares if I am even alive. I’m honestly so close to killing myself.
give me a “p” give me a “e” give me a “tty”
If your in Kawaii, give me a buzz.
Speculation about President Trump’s mental health is growing.
Honestly, I like the Wonder Woman movie more than any of the Dark Knight movies.
San E’s fucking comments during the booting evaluations in the unit have me rolling
you think you know my life story but ain't ever tried my shoes on
People got this love thing all confused.
ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ• P E R S O N A L I T Y
how you save money on jewelry?
I need a change in my life
“ you better not flatten my tires again “ fuckin crying
I don't want to shake the fans hands. They're all gooey and gross.
Tonight i went and got a slushee from sonic and then went to whataburger for food. I guess I'm pretty into chaos or w/e
She taller but it’s fine together we 69
#Saturday Screams how can you not LOVE this movie?
Bottle number 3 don’t mind me
I need friends that'll hmu smh
a pagina things that are not aesthetic eh minha religiao vai s e fuderrr
Why are bed sheets so expensive??
Your smile sends sunshine to my heart !!
Oh that's why T-ARA last album "What's my name" bcos they are now thinking about new groupname.
Tsuna befriending Valt, and he later finds himself fiddling with a bey because "how did i end up in this situation. i'm doing to d i e"
yo lmk if u have an instagram u want me to follow u on bc i love seeing photos there
Should I start to stream fortnite ans shit
My husband just discovered the office tonight & has been in the living room watching short clips for 2 hours now and his laugh is giving me l i f e ugh love him
Paying for a gym membership and not even going.
Lays down in this massive queen size pillow top bed, sprawls my whole body across it diagonally, and starts the Falling Asleep process
It’s dark the time is 12:00 O’clock midnight I start to break out into hives, thinks to self “I have Benadryl in my night stand” goes to take said Benadry... ACCIDENTALLY TAKES TWO LAXATIVES INSTEAD! H E L P M E
damn i've had a miserable day
if ever your fortress caves, you're always safe in mine
Falcons vs Vikings in NFC Championship should be fun. I have the Vikings winning it all and hopefully against Pats in the Super Bowl
if i start watching another movie on the couch, i’ll wake up on the couch. *goes to bedroom*
I’m str8 disrespecting bitches from now on y’all gone know who I am fr
I truly wish I’m blessed enough to meet someone truly worth being called a king in my lifetime. Cuz it’s looking pretty slim for that!
So today I went to Chuck E. Cheese’s. Not sure where to begin
Okay no funyons tonight but cheezits lol... Always have a late night snack..
Limited Edition NIKE DUNK HIGH SB for men O.E.M. 2,300pesos Sizes:4142434445
9. ayo - shinee, thank you - nu'est e for you - 3racha
Now they’re playing thnks fr th mmrs (or w/e I don’t care to check the spelling) this playlist is made for me
need a dude who can appreciate the booty
looking at old pictures & conversations, saying to myself "damn i miss having that with you"
is it weird that i haven't watched any of the fifty shades movies???
I got back on my grind and I doubled it
I’m not someone you text just from time to time and when you just feel like doing so; I’m someone you text even in the middle of the day when you’re busy af but you dgaf bc u miss me and I’m important.
I moved on for the better, you moved on to whoever
I don't want to lose you.......
baby the plug hit my bf
When there’s too much drama at school all you gotta do is walk awAaAAAy
The threads on my last rt
Need for Speed is my favorite movie
I think Christian bale should’ve been the Batman for justice league.
I am so not ready for enrollment tomorrow
I got my eyes on you
i tryna be rich by 22 #2020
Yeah I love meth M- The E - Girl T- Reading H- This
I get jealous easily So watch out.
If they can flip commitments so can i
Literally love everything that is about to happen within the next few months
I found my friend and a lover looking for you Love my hubby sooo much Love good music
I’m going into hiding. Like Michael Corleone
Defina S T A L K E R.....
My inner porn star comes out every time I stretch
Sometimes I hate that I've to hide that I'm A unicorn smh smh
Felt that Jaeyoon effect last night???
Why does it feel awkward still
George Wallace is a Legend lol.. Everytime His StandUps^ Come'Round i Be About to Laugh Until i ThrowUp^ lol..
All I want to do some strikes or something.
sigh... the love i have for justin bieber is unhealthy
It’s cold y’all. Spoiler alert. # b os ton # city life # b o m b c y c lone # is winter over yet
Me: *Shows chest tattoo* E: "What does FJT stand for?" W: "Fuck Justin Timberlake"
DR Congo is one of the countries that has been blessed with natural resources but fails to fully exploit them due to civil strife
oK SO I MADE A WRONG DECISION AGAIN
And no offense to anyone who snores a lot bc I know a lot of y’all do but that shit needs to e n d
Do the punishment. rolls e y e s
my face is so itchy but I just put cream on it so I can't scratch
Lrt ohhhhh Kill me Baby was g o o d s h i t
Officials issue warning about eating romaine lettuce amid E. coli outbreak
tryna see insidious but i’m broke
I just feel like mashing up that fucking fone and buying a new one to do my bizniz with NOBODYYY NOT KNOWING ILL HAVE A PHONE !! Just watch
I was surprisingly relaxed driving through Houston today which in itself stresses me out
"What else could possibly happen to us today?" - Horse
Shaking my head “you’ll end up leaving me, like everyone else,” I didn’t even notice I was crying until he wiped my tear away.
Having to move back out after staying at home over the Christmas break suck lmao especially when you get back used to living at home
If my mom don’t walk in with something to drink, she fake
That moment you want to get up off the couch but you know there’s so much you have to do once you get up so you sit there #so Me Right Now
don’t talk to me if you didn’t go through a Bobby Jack phase
So, before you fall into hell, the last reminder is on the ground. C, D, E, F, G rank is careful.
MW3 installing now......but v e r y f u c k i n g s l o w
Lmaooo everyone at my job was telling me about their sad love stories
acabei the end of the fucking world e QUE FINALL
its okay if you ignore me. but please notice my feelings for you
Wasted 1 1/2 days just reading manga
IDC WHAT ANYONE SAYS, SEEING UR MOM CRY IS ONE OF THE WORST FUCKING FEELINGS IN THE WORLD IT LITERALLY BREAKS UR HEART, L I T E R A L L Y
I just told my moms about this situation and she bout smacked me dead in my mid
want a nigga but no nigga deserves me.
You will not forget this devil's power!
lololol my friend sent me a snap of her blunt she really be wilding out there
Of course SF goes down right after I post the first time in a very confused and angry rampuppy.
I’m really my own man I don’t be on nobody else wave in my own lane fr
daniel caesar goes so well with tears it’s unreal
i don’t know how i used to stay up so late with my friends at like sleepovers and stuff because for real it gets past 12 and i’m ready for my bed
RUN IT UP like an escalator
I know so many girls that are pretty like WOW! I can’t believe how stunning they are! And, if you think I tell them this, you are absolutely right I do. Girls should always be told that they are pretty.
brooo Dave Chappelle is too funny
SO I downloaded the subtitles for the episode and I'm just gonna read off of them whenever they talk! Let's hope it works
Deborah Cox how did you get here?-Zeus Da God
Why do some high end places have silk flowers instead of fresh arrangements?
MARLEY & ME GETS ME EVERY TIME
If she say she don’t talk to him ANYMORE , 10 times outta 10 she lieing !!
I’ll be tired as hell and can’t sleep. Smh.
Rule 97 All songs, Every song, E-v-e-r , should not have existed.
Because of this RT deal, my fave Chanyeol stans noticed me thank youuuuuu
Bartender: last call for food orders Guy: I’ll have a... Bartender: SHUT THE FUCK UP I love this bar
I learned that a few years ago. I try to be unbiased like an analyst so I detached. Your team can lose and you still gotta go to work the next day mad. Shit stupid.
wall e is such a sweet sweet boy
You are one of the few things worth remembering
GODDESS DAMMIT. IF ANOTHER ZELDA IS FICKING PREGNANT, I AM GOING TO /BLOOOOOWWWWWWW/
You are the one that makes me happy
do dogs think in english or in barks!??!?
this world small.. every african knows each other.
Listening to Demi's self titled album all day just because
It has also led is down a Dave Matthews Band memory rabbit hole
Or something like that. Right so that happened and she put the guitar while commenting on the difference in difficulty or whatever and more out of the blue than her conversation with me she gives me one of those side hug things, very technical name I know
Out of fucking nowhere she turns to me and starts having a casual conversation, that took me a wee bit off guard but I just acted natural and pretended that this was totally not unexpected. The conversation was pretty standard so no details needed
Later on they send me to Hollywood. To make movies. It was all new to me. I was only 21 years old.
I just used my peppermint tea tree shampoo and conditioner then co washed with almond & avocado nourishing co wash ...
E Prime (Earth) | Mobile Defense (Grineer) | | Starts in 3m | 125m | 3,500cr - Forma Blueprint
When Logic said “ THEY SAY EVERY LIFE PRECIOUS , BUT NOBODY CARE ABOUT MINE ” - I felt that on a whole nother level
I wanna love like I've never been hurt.
Though she was born in 1984, she considers herself a "vintage junkie" with a special focus on the 1960s #M E Wfact
You know life is a movie, you niggas playing yourself
Pretty sure I was already done
Am I the only person the doesn’t match my wants with my success. Just because I want something an get it that doesn’t mean I’m successful.
I am very dry. I have really good skin other than the self injury scars and ive never been dry this is W E I R D i have aloe on my face and am gonna go bathe in lotion brb have to go delizzard myself i feel scaley
ever since my honey I’ve been twice lady
sorry if u ever try to reach me ive had my phone on night time mode since birth
Just . . . pokes own bust. S w e a t d r o p─
JACK ONE, DID YOU LET HIM DRINK G A S O L I N E JACK TWO, DON'T F E E D HIM
person: you're really pretty me: are you making fun of me
As a matter of fact I'll change it
For counselling/prayer/mission support, call: 08036845830, 08151889889
I'll be EXTENDING this UNTIL JANUARY 31st!!! Also you can use your saved accounts, just make sure when I picked it as winner you will respond to my dm :)
Deep in the heart of Texas
How does the rule “i before e except after c” apply when the word WEIRD exists
Salam e subh . Good morning friends. Pakhair raghle.
How did that plastic container tweet meletup? Retweet first tweet dah la kot. Tak payah la retweet replies tu.
I’m gonna start dressing like I’m in an early 2000’s disney channel original movie
I wish a motherfucker would poke me right now.
They talking bad bout Trick Daddy...but was he ever cute before the Lupus?
6 keys to a relationship: ✓ Friendship ✓ Freedom ✓ Honesty ✓ Trust ✓ Understanding ✓ Communication
I really have this strong hunch that bts is aware about this outcast au and if they don't, namjoon at least does
A woman that will pray for me when we on bad terms
I was just ona phone with Mikey for hella long I love my bestfriend
People be trying to act like you’re crazy but it’s like nah b... you is
should i get myself a lapdesk...
Don’t have anyone or anything to believe in? Work harder...
Let's do the work of an evangelist, re-broadcast this message and you shall be rewarded in Jesus Name.
“Hey Jesse what’s your Fav new snack?” “Mmmmm prob those Migos chips.”
Pick me. Choose me. Love me.
HAVE A NICE DAY HAVE A NICE DAY HAVE A NICE DAY HAVE A NICE DAY HAVE A NICE DAY HAVE A NICE DAY HAVE A NICE DAY HAVE A NICE DAY
My dog is a huge blanket hog, wtf you got all that fur for?
Cold means everyone pulls out their leather jacket.
my sister when i showed her sebastian's new hair: "what did he do? why did he do that? I mean he always looks great but why?"
Um I never went to oovoo javer
I want so much man it’s an indescribable feeling.
gn to sophia lillis and spongebob bway ONLY
Ya know what I did when I went to the mall today? I looked at rings But only the ones that were on clearance. # lover of jewelry
Money In My Pocket Yeah.. Took Off Like A Rocket Yeah .. It's Alright!
Ion talk nobody.. Ain got no hoes.. I’m not stuck on no ex.. matter of fact I don’t have an ex.. I’m not entertaining anyone.. and ain’t nobody entertaining me.. I’m s i n g l e .. all that good shit
I deleted WhatsApp and Instagram I'm only staying on here .. If they need me they will call me they know my number
when u work all the time and forget u didn’t eat all day lol
Remember, hell is real, Heaven is real, life after death is real and eternal, think about it.
Justin is too chatty wheb he's drunk
I didn’t sign up for this !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Please don't approach Billy Hargrove. I handled it.
I hate that my child has his father’s immune system. Anything can get my baby sick, shit stupid
Come Relax Me Shawdy. Im Stressed.
Why does everything cost money? Like why I can’t pay for shit in love
the end of the fucking world é uma bosta
Everything I do is always wrong to the people around me, you’ll never please anyone in your life; I can guarantee you that..
I’m too stupid for shit like this ..I never watched blues clues ! Do I look like scooby doo, bicth?
Looking back on the 1998 ice storm 20 years later
Some People Dont Know When To Stop I Swear Yall Dont Know What Respect Is Stg
END OF GIVEAWAY - - - THANK YOU TO ALL WHO JOINED! PLEASE WAIT AGAIN FOR MY NEXT GIVEAWAY ~~
IH-610 EAST LOOP Northbound At MANCHESTER ST - Stall, Accident - Status: Cleared at 11:18 PM
Literally e v e r y ad after all my stories is either that stupid Episode game or engagement ring stuff like I GET IT Snapchat
The most valuable thing in this world is time
Cameron look good on my spotify
There's like 3 kids playing Minecraft in the living room of this house and I what to j o i n t h e m---
that pride shit gets you nowhere with me lol, you wanna act like you dont care bye.
Father, please grant us the grace to humbly place ourselves under the authority of our Lord Jesus Christ in Jesus Name, Amen
If you play head games with someone you are the worst type of person. Nobody deserves that shit
“I’ve been on tour with my friends since February to December, also had some awards shows to attend. Sorry that I wasn’t here to take of you, I had to work.”
I’ve been taking Stoney naps all day today
Sometimes u don't choose the music u listen to, it chooses u
Y’all I haven’t drank since last year & i got s Sprite right now. # Who am i
Before tonight every single Central Division team had a positive goal differential. After tonight only 1 doesn't (E). Guess which team that is
Where all my natural heads at ? Y’all need to hmu for y’all natural hair products for a good price
Caved in and stalked my newest crush and tangina he’s taking creative writing for grad studies in university of Cambridge? How am I supposed to talk to him now puta insecurities off the charts
girls find out everything so don’t fucking lie to me bitch
Last year changed me. Like who i am.
RIZ IM HAVING A MOMSNT WHY DID YOU GO LIVE
Didn’t go to Zoo Lights cuz I’m fucking lonely
scenario threads always give me the worst anxiety
I'm voting for Clint Capela. #N B A Vote
PRAYER POINT: Praise and Worship God
What is the world but a boxing ring where fools and devils put up their fists?
I could eat salt and pepper cashews 24/7
That old Kanye go so Stupid on the beat
SOS my house is currently 40 degrees... I’ve had the heat set to 80 for 36+ hours now #FML
I don’t tolerate anything but Badge App Icons. No sounds, no vibration, no lock screen notifications, no drop downs. Anything else is annoying.
If it’s really Trap or Die then you would of died wit it-Zeus Da God
I swear by the moon and star in the sky, I'll be there : )
I cried like 4 times watching definitely maybe
President Kenyatta should name his cabinet so as to start implementing the big four: healthcare ,food security, manufacturing n housing
I believe that everyone deserves to be respected and treated as equal; also never think that you’re better than someone else because you’re never really sure. (This all applies unless that person is a bitch) jk haha
I need to go find a church woman
Gente acabei The End of the F**king World e pita merda!!!!!!!!!!
Never drink hard liquor when you're in a shitty ass mood cause you'll have a shitty ass morning
Agay te galeng in a relationship c girl zad
DOES ANYONE KNOW HOW TO HEAL A CANKER SORE FAST I AM IN H E L L
Scolioma, Corrida Come winds of the Molucca Sea Subfixes, wapitis Et max laminitis E le'o to me
I'm blocked but you can still see my tweets why you subtweetin someone you blocked I can't see yo shit
the end of the fucking world é mto estranha zKkkkkkkkkk
U UUGGFHH WHERE R MY GLASSES I CANNOT S E E
why do female leads always fall from stairs/chairs/ladders then male leads catch them yall i know u can do better than that
With my eyes wide open, I recognized the man. It’s the same man that use to visit me with food and blankets all the time. “What are you doing back? Everyone always leaves.” His smile dropped.
I doooo not like nature and all it’s wonders
Really like the next couple of days man
I LOVE that Hugh Jackman went straight from wolverine to a circus leader that just wanted to see smiles. L O V E I T
I'm voting for Chris Paul #N B A Vote
show me some R E S P E K
Just Miss Out On Ya Blessing
I want a magnolia and peony bouquet for my future wedding
Traffic Point Warden Ave & Eglinton Ave E [41 Div.] 01/07 00:08 # S car borough # Toronto
Fucking niggas I know won’t make u feel better smh
Personal Injury Collision Yonge St & Finch Ave E [HP] 01/07 00:06 #North_York # Toronto
I must’ve done something so wrong to deserve all the pain I go through on the daily huh?
How many *toot* do you think here in planet she? NOW GO HAHAHAHAHA PUTA GAGO
killer queen is the type of song that makes me wann b e freddie
can the magic packing fairy come my way???
Friendzoning should be one of the 7 deadly sins
AHHHHH. THANK YOU CCSAKURA FOR STARTING NOW. I'M SO- THEY'RE SO CUTE. CR I E S. OH MY GOD. EVEN THE ENDING IS ADORABLE. LORD I'M SO- SOBBING. IT'S SO GREAT TO SEE EVERYONE AGAIN
im good with jimin not posting on twitter EVER AGAIN, if all he's gonna see is toxic sht anyway
I got a fat check today and also got promoted
THE FUTURE IS FANTASTIC FOR BELIEVERS
Hear that boyz? "No way Philly can keep up with Falcons." Per LT.
Why it department are willing pi. PS of an impotent government... Shame that this e cess is visibly evident and still an impotent press has no guts to question... How can they harass a citizen to such extent... Shame that I am an Indian.. Says Kala from. Kabalinagar
baby you too young i just can NOT
My niggas are either 22 or 42
DUDE WHEN I SAW FOB WILSON WAS SO COOL I WAS SO CLOSE TO CRYING FUCK I'M NOT R E A D Y FOR THIS
Liz Olsen stomping through the snow looks like every single person I saw in NJ this week. #Bomb Cyclone
I always say what i gotta say sorry
I want those big ass balloons on my birthday of a 2 & 1
Black Mirror is def not for everybody lol
“You’re up!” A man said with excitement, “you had me worried sick! I haven’t been home for the past two days! My members are wondering where and why I’ve been here,” he chuckles.
Except for top and Seungri. They ot2
Taylor to me right now "does b r a n e spell brain"
Most of us are like this. Sad because of something we can see in the future, although it doesn't happened yet
Tatum reminds me of Melo on the nuggets
So, they cannot be compared or liken to Jesus. We shall not be misled in Jesus Name.
It’s finna be a long ass night
imma do like my theme/lockscreen/homescreen for every month or times it changes /// a thread ///
it is 2018 people. learn the difference between “your” and “you’re” already!
bad people never get what they deserve
Staying up all night trying to figure out if my neighbor is teaching themselves the entertainer or bouree in e minor
if i sleep now i can stay up all night — feeling determined
Tell me why I have a huge bed with so much room and andrea still finds the need to get hella close to me! The bitch is breathing my air
Doesn't matter what day it is or how happy I am , I'm still going to wish It where you that put that smile on my face
“ you make time for what you want “ i try to make time .
And it's been so long since I've said I was happy. But I am happy. It can only get better from here and that's all I'll allow.
I miss you Raegan, thank you god for letting me see her one last time.
Tangina my heart. Hang the DJ
You know you deserve it when you work for it...
the Only Begotten Son of God and the Creator of all while prophets are human beings on heavenly mandate to fellow humans.
I can literally sit and rewatch How to get away with murder and Scandal all day
Brett Farve will forever be sexy just like Tim McGraw, I swear
I feel like I host the entire internet.
All I hear is “beep beep beep..” don’t have my eyes open yet, but I hear people talking, can’t hear what they’re saying.
When I say I want no relationship and they still don’t get it I’m tryna be single all 2018
The bad guy can only ever be as good as the ai
growing up means finding the period tracking app that works for YOU.
Everyone please keep snap chatting what you’re doing tonight. I want to live vicariously through you guys cause it’s too damn cold to leave this house
Its sad that things didn't go any well like what i thought ..
im still mad that we arent bffs yet
When I cut her apart, it was so thrilling I almost ejaculated.
but that does not bring any prophet in equality with Christ Jesus. Jesus is the express image of God; He is the heir of all things;
So lost for you when I can't even find myself
Shoot me. Shoot me before I turn into a Level E ! "Zero" #VK
I still want to hear hit the road ONCE
East African slavery is very seldom mentioned - but it was a major source of enslaved Africans. Slaves were taken as far south as Mozambique. Legacy & memory of slavery persists in E. Africa
2018 AFL Ladder Prediction Coming TODAY!
Me & certain people will never speak again. No hard feelings I just don’t fuck with how you act...
trying to download new calls on ryans coyote call will be the death of me
Don't get cheated by a cornbread (con man) #Sandvich Bot
a voz do harry e do niall juntas em half a heart aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
LOML i miss skyping u all the time also ur so hot
Bro im real deal finna cryyyyyyy
Y’all be DS’n and I need y’all to stop.
# as t roi n la # as t r o Anyone want to be internet friends and start a group chat?
First time eating rap snacks and I gotta say. migos chips are fye and prob the best. Fetty wop chips very disappointing.
it's both a pressured and fake hoseok but NEWS BAKIT WALANG N E W S
a storm after the storm but you survived anyway
And it turns out that email subscribers have not in fact been getting a welcome email because I am in fact an idiot and did not set that up. Go me.
I’ve always stood alone .. so no need for no army
Why does hyphonix remind me of a lvl 3 noob dancing around the g.e for gp lol
MADISON JUST CALLED MY PANTS “Sister of the traveling slut jeans” OK MADS OK
I wonder how Tim and Jennifer feel watching this footage back. Must be embarrassing. #Sweetie Pies
black, sirens, last kiss e alive sao as melhores musicas do pearl jam
The end of the fuking world, que série amigos mas o final very sad e sem nexo
Netflix finally bringing the heat, shoutout to them.
Barcelona bought Mascherano and Suarez from Liverpool and now it buys Coutinho from the same club.
i lied because i don't want you to know how much it hurts me
ugh tangina i really r e a l l y fucking hate kids
Some women wanted the diamond watch I just wanted to value the time
I thought I lost my 1/8th so I picked up a new one that same day...two days later I finally found the first one I thought I lost in my car
Is there a way you can mute people on snap ?
need like 8 jays rn moe.
THIS BITCH WANTS TO WATCH GOOSEBUMPS BY E
Take my kindness for weakness , i'll still come out strong ...
are gryo present fog L.E.D just a bit white flux sleepy The Freq Hop zzzZZ
ALISLOC BABY DONT HURT ME DONT HURT ME N O M O R E
I feel such a weight off my shoulders after having a heart to heart convo with my mom. We were in tears but I feel happy. I feel really fucking happy talking to someone for once.
People who shop at Fred Meyer are a different breed
#Now Playing Chad L.E McGhie - Never Quit on #wwcfam.com
i wouldn’t expect you to have my best interest at heart on helping me become greater in life if i wasn’t the same way towards you. but if i am i should get that same respect too. if not we just wasting time tbh
I still remember having my first burger from the E & J's on Garvey
My cousin is literally rn crying cuz im not there, and makes me sad
Know when to not stretch yourself too thin my friends. Peace
I’ve been so hungry, trying to eat everything I see.
CCRM Royal Family <3 # C e b u an a # A y a w k o g l a b d a #C C R M Reunited
I’ve never seen a video like the one from Massachusetts of the flooding and said flooding freezing. Earth gonna get us the fuck outta here.
Rah Ali can’t be invited to another Diddy function bc that was dirty wrong place wrong time
My flight to LA from Chicago has officially been sitting on the tarmac for one full Wind River.
#KDDBNP LEMON by N.E.R.D & RIHANNA
I'm waiting for my sausages to be done cooking so I can deepthroat they smell so good
I'm going to see Louise in Chicago next w/e, the weather there is currently -17 degrees and I only own clothes that are suitable for 30 degree Floridian weather help
#Sugar For Dolans We just want attention, We just want your heart, E & G we are not just fans, We the Sugar Mommies Gonna love you for life *Attention by Charlie Puth melody*
E we vieron que The end of fucking world es una joyita ahre me re gusto
I really don’t like weak ass corny niggas that are always tryna be in the mix, like that shit is so unattractive. How old are you ?
I’m just going to sit here and clutch my empty wine glass and hope this fucked up episode of Black Mirror is over soon.
Light this jernt to dose off
I'm finally getting my blog newsletter set up (even if it's only a monthly check in for posts) and I'm sooooo happy
The end of the f***ing world é a melhor serie da netflix
my mouth is burning but omg it’s too good to stop eating this.
In this generation, we have countless number of prophets doing great in the vineyard of the Almighty God
No ar: Rihanna Kanye West e Paul McCartney - Four Five Seconds
Snoop was at our game and we couldn’t even get the W
My in laws call me a cry baby allllll da time Honestly they’re right I cry a lot
Watching wrestle kingdom 12. I have never seen Omega wrestle.
“300 pure pounds of twisted steel and sex appeal”
On all these different drugs listenin to H.E.R
if i send you hideous snapchats of myself either 1. consider yourself b l e $ $ e d or 2. i’m trying to get you to never snapchat me again
idk but I heard Jennie saying "Are we expensive?" when they entered the house lol yes you guys are e
Coz it's hard to love again...
stretch marks on my ass are so funny bc i can surely tell you my ass hasn’t done any stretching/increasing in size but w/e
I have done it, i have finally done it. i actually 100% hate myself now. what next?
Ladies with dreads are my weakness
Kuemper should have started this game going into the bye week. He's not getting enough starts on a team that hopes to be in the playoffs this year.
91.3FM The Edge is playing "Turn You Inside - Out" by R.E.M..
The Best is yet to Come
the fact that i have to consider someone brave to do that bc i know (and they prob do too) the backlash it will receive even when the intentions were good is unbelieveable.
"I found that myself is attractive" щ(ಥДಥщ) # melon b o t
sometimes (a lot of the times) the online art community makes me so tired u cant even explain smth to provide insight without ppl jumping down your throat with such hate and that scares me so much...
this is not happening right now
Fatal E. coli outbreak may be tied to romaine lettuce
you know that video where Chris Evans is asked if he wants to be a dad soon and he’s like “yah Chris Evans wants to be a daddy” and his voice gets super d e e p when he says daddy??? bc me too
7 13 6 is the distance between 10 is the middle number between True Core Balance I'm the right one
She a bad Lil piece with a attitude
//headcanon for this account that despite hawlucha speaking in english, only other pokemon can hear that. Humans just hear the pokemon cries or w/e
THAT IS FOUR HOURS OF PLAYING PC GEEK
Oh, man, I just can’t figure women out. Sometimes they’re just too smart, sometimes they’re just flat-out stupid, other times they’re just e
“What’s the offensive term for Italians?” Me: goes from laughing/almost in tears to stone cold angry face
Bro these mfs taking all my money
We fucked clumsy Twenty, even though A stormtrooper will be delicious Liam. I love her.
If you know I wouldn't do it to you , why tf would you do it to me ?
Everyone chanting “TOM TOM TOM!” “You guys are a bunch of Fucking cunts.” -Tom the Cab Driver
Love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love
Audio-ology - Pretty Girls - Loud and Clear EP - Eklektic E
maddie going through my closet: wow some of these don’t even classify as shirts
I accidentally got on 71 SOUTH instead of 71 NORTH not once but TWICE so now I’m sitting in a Dunkin Donuts parking lot trying to work up the confidence to try a third time.
SULTRY LIBRARIAN, AT YOUR SERVICE. WHAT EROTIC NOVEL WOULD YOU LIKE STIMULATING YOUR PROSTATE?
In the DNA of an ancient infant, scientists find traces of the very first Americans
i’m really the opposite of the type of person to force shit to happen; if anything, i’ve been pushing everything away. 2018... I wanna just let shit happen and fall into place.
I want a ruby woo by MAC someone's son, bless me
everytime seairra mad she be like “ u get what im saying “ after EVERY sentence
All #E470 lanes are open and traffic is moving right along. Enjoy your weekend. . # c o t r a f
Anyone wanna be internet friends and meet up in the show at la?
Sources say Gurley dislocated his butthole while taking a large shit at halftime. # R a m s team doctors are inspecting the shit to make sure it wasn’t infected.
Today i s s uch a great day..Low key happy that my birthday i s on a Sunday s o I won't be tempted to go out haha # grateful # dirty 30 s #life s tart s now # ne k minute
-|- B L E S S 3 D
According to my Fitbit I burned 17 calories fighting ben for a pizza roll (which was probably more than 17 calories)
My body is going to be on point this year. Looking forward to taking gym & healthy eating seriously.
Tomorrow ima just bring my yoga mat to work and do that shit because this doing nothing is not cutting it for me
When you think people are about to tell you something rude but they compliment you’re makeup
You get a drone and suddenly people wanna hit you up talkin bout, "aye you tryna shoot my music video" HA....no
- lately I’ve been dressing like such a homeless person .... with a seriously beat face.
I swear I should be banned from social media sometimes
It will never be the same without you baby
ALTHOUGH i actually loved lemonade mouth
I'm CUTE Chritian Until The End
Dudes really shootin their shot with me after I stay posting E wtf ouuuuttttt
Tbh I pray for clear skin.
I’m wheezing. Literally. And I don’t think I’m asthmatic.
My hands smell like embalming fluid...?
they always come and go lang naman e, di na bago sakin to
We also read about their boldness, confidence, followership etc. They did wonders and manifest God's power beyond doubt.
Waterflow Alarm-335 E MAIN ST, EAST ISLIP
Tatum should be ROTY, Brad Beal should be an All-Star. Keep putting on for the Lou.
9. water- Jack Garratt pray- Sam Smith take me to church- Hozier
Disappointed but not surprised... with lh new hairstyle.... someone really need to educate him sigh
Why only ride one horse, life's too short
I hope iris bitchal ass dies or her and barry break up & that theres no more kid flash just Barry Allen as The ONLY Flash !
Cutting off all negative vibes idc who you are family or not.
I know it’s not realistic, but to be honest .. I thought my family would last forever here
James and Tyler about to have me weak!
Damn near 9,000 followers I'm trying to reach at least 10K
All the money in the world was actually a great movie
Here’s the skinny on tomorrow’s big event to help homeless people and their pets:
Drew Brees vs Luke Kuechly. Cam Newton vs Marcus Williams. Those are the key matchups of NFC wildcard game Sunday in New Orleans.
Essence fest is a MUST in 2018! Saving coins now.
BUT DIABLO IS FEELING LAZY AND DON'T WANNA FOOL WITH THE MAIN PC AT THE MOMENT
i love bagel bites because they’re two of my favorite things; pizza and bagels
Coventry city eliminated stoke city , Peterborough eliminated Aston Villa. The FA Cup has always had giant killers #F A Cup
Are any of my " homies " doing anything tonight that I can join
This new N.E.R.D album is a VIBEEEEEEEEE
L.A teams can't catch a break
And i will never be the same without you baby Ps. Kahit wala naman talagang naging baby. HAHAHAHA!
It's all glowy. It smells good. It gives everyone such lovely dreams. What could go wrong?
I am watching Our Souls at Night. Jane Fonda & Robert Redford are such great actors & at 80, they look amazing. I think it's their posture.
its sad but i had to cut people out my life so i could grow & get to the next level in my life. i mean if you not tryna help me get there then wtf we even conversing for. that goes both ways tho.
Btw the Chuck E. Cheese pizza is bomb
Kodak Black’s love song and some good bud, I think I’m finna fall in love with the next nigga that talk to me
Started black mirror on Netflix & WTF
needz a big ol’ phat blunt.
uhhhhh riz WHY DID YOU LIKE THAT TWEET ONG HAHAH
My anime saturday is officially over
I am just tired and worn out. Today was too much.
Karma is R E A L!
I want to know that you’re somewhere out there, somewhere down this road.
Coutinho isn't a Liverpool fan. We are fans. Our hearts in regards to this club work completely different and therefore loyalty means less in his case
Never go out without eating, you might get food poison and die. I learned the hard way tonight.
FOCUS : PROPHETS From the Old Testament we have records of Prophets of God and we read about how efficient, accurate and timely they were.
Just found out one of my F6 close friend had undergone a minor surgery for cyst on his neck So glad all is well and he is his usual cheerful chatty self post-surgery
I hit the club fresh V.I.P gas tank on E but all dranks on me WIPE ME DOWN
WHAT IS LOVE BABY DON'T HURT ME DON'T HURT ME NO M O R E
Putcha arms around me baby, putcha arms around me baby
coz it's hard to love again
I don’t care how hard being together is, nothing is worse than being apart.
i love when Dillon talks about the baby, what he wants for it and everything it all makes me smile.
It’s really wild to me that he isn’t the most popular/famous/in our face black comedian. K Hart is good in a slapstick kind of way, but he ain’t got nothing on Dave.
My face hurts and it’s a lil swollen but I’m all good
poppy is like a little person and I love her SO much
so blessed to have someone like connor to cuddle up to every night
"CLONING" (CLUB RAVENCREST) NOW PLAYING AT SUBSTANCE: DRAKE / "PASSIONFRUIT" (DEAN-E-G REMIX)
I am a master wizard of house Televanni, other people make tea for me.
10 and 7 | 6 and 13
Hate putting shit like this on social media but everyone might as well know. Dead ass just done with my entire family. Just counting down the days for college at this point
the end of the f**king world é muito boa socorro
Omg I’m gonna punch myself or someone else in the face
niggas learn you just to hurt you
our DD drives faster than i do drunk or sober.
its so weird going through my google photos and seeing shit from freshman and sophomore year.... crazy how different things are now
I got Georgia beating Bama by at least 2 touch downs
Why the fuck do we care about Hillary right now? She did not fly off the rails this week. Potus did, and the GOP is very quiet about it.
Stop giving a clown attention and they will stop preforming
i’ve been awake wayyy too long
*Ambazonia Girls status: I miss you Mr E *Nigeria Girls status; I miss you Dela Dela La République Girls status; I miss someone and you know your self Killing 5 guys with one stone. More reason why we must separate. #Mr E #Thestruggle Continues
this heated blanket is amazing never knew what i was missing
But # real talk ... home field advantage doesn’t mean diddly squat. Both home teams lost today.
thinking about pranks that i should do today! e v e
Give up the savage ways and become effective soldiers
1 vaga squad fortnite free win comigo e rage
when he had by himself purged our sins, sat down on the right hand of the Majesty on high;
House blessing ni Tita Jane Benigay
THE GAME OF LOVE(E=MC2 Mix)/JENNY ROM/SPEED8
Now Playing H.E.R. - Losing # radio # music # d all as # black girls rock
im so excited to get my hair done tomorrow
can jbj pls be at kcon ny i will sell my soul to make this happen
i went back to ao3 and Wow outcast is not as.... sp e c i fi c...
I know by fact that this year won't be easy at all. But I got to go along and conquer everything, even myself.
Haven’t eaten all day and just got told we’re going out for dinner tonight dunno if I should keep starving myself or eat
We done all moved across the country and globe now smh
Who wants to go on a drive w deep music & good talks?
Y’all Ima be binging Steven Universe from the beginning with my roommate and staying off Twitter till I watch the new eps caUSE I JUST GOT SPOILED AND IM S C R E A M I N G
Is it her lack of military training?
words you said, the things we laughed about, the silent moments we shared. #M I H Oin2018
I'm a very stable genius because I am educated like no other and invented stability and Wile E. Coyote. Genius! Meep meep!
#Saturday Screams dead by dawn! mmmm hair pie
“If it means anything, I’d give you an A+ in rock.” “No, that means almost nothing.” #Phineas And Ferb
"Writing is a socially acceptable form of schizophrenia." E. L. Doctorow wb 87 today
If you really mess with someone, you’ll make time
Bills RB LeSean McCoy likely to play vs the Jags
CumbiasCarried,Even now, a certain, a stigmaWithin theMexican people. It's regarded as poor people music, or even their little drunk guilty pleasure. thats why Los Angeles Azules like saying #De Ixtapalapa Para El Mundo and not from Mexico. Not to bring Mexico down but their roots up
And i dont wanna go on pretending
Any good shows on Netflix ??!?
# Quota t ion Some people walk in the rain, others just get wet.-Roger Miller
I wish Twitter had the edit button & the option to delete replies on our tweets!
Btw I'm still this dramatic and still stink at basketball
Y’all rlly be fuckin w the enemies
I want a gold grill for my mouth yo
can the internet just ban the Paul brothers they don't deserve anything at all the more I read about what they've done the more I despise them
Found myself binge watching F.R.I.E.N.D.S omg this.
Moar Ghosts 'N' stuff - Deadmau5
3. Who being the brightness of his glory, and the express image of his person, and upholding all things by the word of his power,
Annual salary (US Dollars) Singapore PM: $1.6 million Australia PM: $402,000 US President: $400,000 Canada PM: $272,000 Germany Chancellor: $256,000 Japan PM: $202,000 Turkey President: $197,600 UK PM: $193,000 Russia President: $61,200 India PM: $31,200 China President: $22,000
It’s 2018 and woman still do video jerit2 pasal mekap. Girrrl do what u want! Stop caring what others say
On my way home fr church
So who wants to order me Uber Eats
i really hope for the best for the ENTIRE stranger things cast. they’re all such talented and precious souls i love them
i work to make myself better everyday. so i can be the best me i can possibly be. yess i make mistakes but ion let that stop me from growing or becoming a better person.. i just take it & learn from it.
#Now Playing Khalid by Khalid - Location # e 3 radio # good music # l g b t #qu e e r radio don e right
I even use temporary # git directories when doing image editing, just in case.
All the Godfathers are on Netflix now. Byeeee for the next 8 hours & 57 minutes.
Anthony DiNozzo Sr : I am an entrepreneur. The difference between an entrepreneur and a con artist is that an entrepreneur believes in the dreams he's selling. Whether my deals fell through or not, I believed in what I was selling. There.
We have received reports of a traffic accident near the intersection of 11th St and Staunton Ave.
Fast talk For Joshua : Julia or Career? For Julia: Joshua or Career? #A S A P Ask Josh Lia
Patriots expect DC Matt Patricia to accept Lions HC job
You can’t sell a dream to a nigga who walk through nightmares
I do this basketball shit with passion ..
Where I can find my Lorenzo? HAHAHAHA
Services - 10 AM Sunday! Join us for worship and God’s Word. 1155 E. Shields. Fresno, CA
Dad saw me in the kitchen and he literally called me two of our dogs name before he even got to my name
Everyone have a good night (except for the liberals I hope they have a very unpleasant time!)
having a happy heart is neat as heck
are you perhaps some sort of idiot p e r h a p s
can men who aren't gonna make sense leave me ALONE plz goth it's all i want
Blessed na sumimba din si Dondon. Hopefully, next Sunday e complete na kaming family!
pretty much anyone you talk to who thinks they have a nice sense of humor but doesn't just sticks their heads out of hoodies and profusely laughs
I know am guilty for not giving my 100% pero sakit prin e
Omg are we in for some barbecued lizard? # S v en go o lie
today I AM that Chris Fleming bit about festering in the wilderness of your own apartment and forgetting how to use your own voice, just with the addition of miniature painting, cucumber G&T’s and hours upon hours of Critical Role
Ugh i wish my cousins still lived in walkin distance of me so i can get my hair done on the reg
and the final word i leave all of you pitiful cowards upon this sinful night is "God".. hold it clos.e.. use it.. thank you
I first learned men are not to be trusted when i was 11 watching Sound of Music and Liesl's boyfriend reveals he has become a nazi :/
"sufjan stevens (and his weaker, less gay cousin
ethans gonna get the ladies and i’m gonna did alone bc of my hair. thanks e -.-
So one of viper's cassette tapes.
“friends don’t lie” “mornings are for coffee and contemplation” “she’s our friend and she’s crazy” “run” “should I stay or should I go?”
i need kingdom hearts 3 nOW
tbh i’ve been so emotional bout lys lately like ik love isn’t the goal in life n it def shouldn’t be but i’m so lucky i get to love her and that i’ve found someone like her
This old one runs forever, but never moves at all. He has not lungs nor throat, but still a mighty roaring call. What is it?
Straight men are the butt of jokes now. The minorities of minorities run the socials. Life be turning tables
And that stupid soda drink hat of course.
Smh I'm going to diplo fuck it
that boy is rly my everything
The second I see Ella, I just know I'm going to cry my heart out. This little girl already has me wrapped around her finger
Your happiness depends on you and on how you value things. #M I H Oin2018
Talking to dudes...bout dudes ...you learn lots... the real ones gon tell it.
im so ready to go home
What if it's our Leader Qri. ~ who'll decide the newgroup name. What could it be?
I really dont get people who wake up late then get frustrated when the taxi isn't full...
My cupcakes always look that good and taste great
Imma be a better person this year
I don’t like spending money....especially cuz I ain’t got a job
i hate san e but smooth operator sounds so good
It all depends tho.. if my ends low, the second they get up you gon get that Benzo and tint the windows. Ride around the city and let ya friends know
I'm a goodgirl.... but i wanna be bad for you
I buy so much on Amazon I could try and make some review videos but haven't done much of those... What's your guys opinion? #Please R T I want everyone's thoughts!
i have a hard time telling someone i’m into them, but i always have the hardest time telling ppl I just want to be friends with them.
ACTUALLY IT'S HIS LOSS SO T H E R E
Those niggas who think they’re posing a valid argument by saying “some women can’t have kids” But they were born with female reproductive organs though.
Now I constantly need the latest hardware to keep up with the latest software.
I could say fuck him at one point then fuck you up over him the next , so don’t ever believe me if I say I’m done with him. we together in my head but in reality it ain’t there yet
She was Dolly at school. She was Dolores on the dotted line. But in my arms she was always Lolita.
Niggas straight P.R.E and that’s on me
knowing nothing is knowing something having nothing is having something
Fake friends will always play victim
Just played: Field Medic - P E G A S U S T H O T Z (Songs From the Sunroom)
I work at Disneyland and never go, might have to change that in 2018
They use to sell Moon Rocks, I Got Martian Rocks on e bay :)
Can someone buy me the choker Mia’s mum wears during the speech mia makes in the princess diaries yhnx
Lol i’m on episode 11 and I’m still trying to decide if bates motel is a good show or not
I hope you had a wonderful Saturday
60. most of the time when we're ironic on here, it's because we'e afraid of each other.
Huh? What are you talking about?
Wish I was alive to meet Eazy E
Love don’t feel right, we get along, get along on the outside but hearts ain’t gonna, hearts ain’t gonna lie.
my uncle funny as fuck LMAOO
At this point I’m running out of options. Has anyone seen my keys?
Ok i quit atleast for tonite. Majority of my hair is done tho
my family is so problematic OMG
I wish I could just sell my soul and never work... I'm that tired, it's gonna be a very busy Sunday
Why am I just hearing about Cashmere Cat now? So good
19 YEARS LIVING AND I NEVER KNEW DEEP ELLUM HAD AN EMO NIGHT AHHH
Logged into Facebook today, never again
LISTEN TO 94.1 THEY ARE ABOUT TO SHOUTOUT MY BIRTHDAY
I got the monito from la rosca de reyes
I wanna leave this place. I wanna leave this country.
If yo booty stiff don’t shake it around me # my as u
Had to have the babe sag tho cuz that’s how im coming
Hearing my parents talk in "code " around me is the most awkward and disturbing thing ever First of all , I understand yall CHILL
Only just now got the Halloween messages sent me this morning <3.
Never find comfort in someone else's shortcomings. N. E. V. E. R.
my sis is currently watching run bts
Good things come to those who humble themselves
2. Hath in these last days spoken unto us by his Son, whom he hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the worlds;
Just got out of work, I need every juicy set / and upset at KIT please. Gogogogo
Telling all my friends to bare with me till that time comes
It’s something about alcohol that make a nigga wanna do that shit
Jose is coming we about to fuck shit up
I'm really hoping something good happens between us.
Finally watching these Dave Chappelle specials in full. This dude is a comedy genius. The first one might be his best routine I’ve seen yet.
my bestfren i love u pls come to toronto i will cry
Ugh gross he's a pig what a disappointing as revelation
why everybody in their feelings tonight ?
7. grey's anatomy how i met your mother sla orange is the new black
im not lying, somebody needs to take my iPhone away from me
oh boy this eps of Jojo cranked it up 2 a 11 were on dat Freddy Kruger shit u die n the Dream u Die 4 Real # j o j os bizarre adventure
I don’t know how some people can be so stupid
Just ordered a new Xbox X off my Xbox.
E go bee one day In Shaa Allah
Huh. I have the sudden feeling I'm forgetting something....
Once I’m on my own don’t worry about me. Real shit I will be straight
Eagles denied Texans request to interview Joe Douglas. Good move
Boy My roommate be brought a heater w her I stg I love her
Find someone who says “I’ll be better” instead of accusing you of being crazy for know what you deserve.
I’m a true R&B baby Trap who?
Fans sit next to each other games complete shite
It’s 7 o’clock on tha dot I’m in my drop top crusin’ tha streets.
My CROWN wouldn’t fit on ya bum ass lace front
Will 2018 be my year? Will everything work out in my favor? Find out in the next episode of: probably tf not.
“laying in bed” as a response to “wyd?” on grindr, basically means I’m horny ass shit and waiting for you to say “looking?” or “top or bottom?”
I really have on fitted jeans on with a babe sag and it kind a like it much different but more modern
i might listen to s u n b a t h e r
Is the umbrella that lets you know when you're not 'in' on the joke simply a dream too far?
AG: John, I am clearly involved in your rise to power now regardless. That can't 8e changed!
feel bad for u girls bc i took one of the sweetest boys in the world <3
I hate timotheé chalamet for ruining my life in so many ways
Obama: Here are some inspiring 2017 stories
what's better than a billionaire two
Clem: I'm Clementine. Can I borrow a piece of chicken? / Joel: And then you just took it without waiting for an answer. It was so intimate.
barely in the previews for insidious and im already shitting bricks
I can't sleep prob cuz I'm excited to see # G i b r altar today and also # An as t as i a the # Broadway show
I identify as a giant pain in the ass with a good heart
#Saturday Screamsmmmm.. anyone for some eyeball? tastes like chicken.. ok naw, it tastes like an eyeball
Your love is my medicine, lil baby
NC State is trending on Twitter
It took a few months but I finally listened to the last few albums in the R.E.M. catalog. Collapse into Now is a wonderful ending. Really made me miss them.
The Savage Children of Days Gone By
F.a.m.e / Young Jezzy . ft T.i.
something that out to be like a run it he keep trill and a blue light and dark rash in the cash
When I worked at H-E-B this man was holding some wine in his shirt at the register. me and my manager seen it and all but ya think we did anything? Lmao nope bye sir enjoy your wine.
I WILL FIGHT ANY BITCH THAT THINKS SHE LIKES DYLAN SO HE BETTA LINE EM UP
i have the weirdest dms to myself
“Hey Farley, you cooking a fucking pizza? Come on with the barons pizza.” -Tom the Cab Driver
Members of congress like E. Warren & K. Harris say they made promises to DACA recipients. What about their promise to defend the U.S. Constitution? AMERICAN "dreamers" must always come before ILLEGAL ALIENS! They've rejected their oath for America for a promise to illegal aliens.
TEXT: Heb 1:1-3 1. God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets,
Don’t talk to me when it’s only convenient for you
i’m so drunk rn i might fall down, & i don’t give a fuck how boring y’all sound.
When love don’t feel right we get along, get along on the outside. Head out the door, by our hearts on the inside.
All black like Uganda, hair back like E honda wait
I’m at a wedding and there’s a dancing robot with strobe lights! I am not high nor drunk enough for this right now! Happy 2018 y’all!
Fuck her till she's dead & then i kill myself
i knw im not perfect & could change things about myself but nigga you aint perfect either. you have plenty room for improvement. FOH
They ain’t cut like they say i ain’t buying that
no such thing as an ugly millionaire i'm cute
Can't believe I'm going to say it but if happy is her, I'm happy for you
E: You wouldn't know what to do without me. J: I'd be so fucking sane E: Yeah, you and me both
Don’t speak on a situation if your not stating facts
I just be chillin’ , smokin’ & Vibin’
Some souls just understand each other upon meeting.
New Orleans making plays I think we understand the game now
Knowledge is power n I need my BAG
Dear taxi driver, is the hooter 'addictive' to such an extent of you hooting le ha taxi e se e tletse? Ah mahn, This guy though...every street he's busy and he can clearly see the headcount. Kapo o batla ho o bonwa maybe
018: 11 E Walton A call of smoke & flames on the roof # Chicago # Chicago Scanner
My bf did our laundry and put it away while I was at work
i’m too lit can’t calm down.
lets hope this girl works out, shes cool af already. just found out she plays video games
"but was he yours if he wanted me so bad?"
Lol gio tried to call me a “B E E T H “ You misspelled betch
[she reaches her grubby paws in the air] G iv e me a not her pe pper
Damn you 2B!!! What do you see in that grade school kid?? What's he got that I haven't got??
Sources tell me that # R a m s RB Todd Gurley played the entire 2nd half with a dislocated butthole. Even in a loss, incredibly gritty effort by Gurley.
We finally have snow on the Western Slope of the Rockies!! Enough to satisfy us in town, but maybe not on the ski slopes!
(my parents have been thinking of moving to texas after my sister graduates highschool...) my new fave game to play is when they go outside and yell at the cold, i start chanting “dallas dallas dallas dallas”
About to smoke for the first time in 4 days. Wish me luck.
A little more intensity next time
Weed coma is no joke I was sleep for 7 hours. I just got up 2 hours ago and I’m bout to go right back to sleep
A STAR IS BORN .. ugh ...joanne !
I won't let me lose you
private void startCommandBinding_CanExecute(object sender, CanExecuteRoutedEventArgs e)
Ohmygod the elf Is in my uber!
It’s not what we did, it’s what we didn’t. We’ve been losing time, and don’t know how to admit it.
My top 10 favourite books are (Not in order) 1. Deewan-e-Ghalib - Mirza Ghalib 2....
So take another pill from your purse, Take a little ride in a hearse.
DAILY WORD COMMUNION Sun 07/01/2018 FROM: PATH OF LIFE SOULBUILDERS MINISTRY WORLDWIDE TOPIC: WHO CAN BE LIKEN TO JESUS? - 4
Don’t leave while you hot that’s how MA$E screwed up
Acabei de assistir the end of the fucking world e to tipo ???¿¿¿ Mas amei
My mind always got something to say lol
I spent almost a whole paycheck on stuff that I don't really need but wanted. Like new piercings and new leather converse and VS body splash and a day pass for the Mall of America rides and then Dave and Busters.... # I need to save up # crazy weekend fun
get well soon pangilinan sibs (except solana) :(
my roommate comes up with the gayest gifts
Videos of lava flowint into the ocean are my actual favorite thing
Need a new Dab pen... and maybe lots of wax cartridges for the next week.
Good luck to give information (Crooked Hillary) got back to mention Radical Islamic terrorism?
what a horrible day it has been
You can't hold on to something that doesn't want to stay.
Bought materials to start my Senua / Hellblade cosplay! Can't wait :)
There will be negative moments but they don't last long if you don't let them.
YEEEE WIFI AT HOME IS BACK AGAIN
me: “i want some champagne” auntie: “go help yourself”
weston is 16 today and i’m hella emo because i remember all the times i joked about his chuck e cheese party and ugh how the fuck
You're the only reason why I don't wanna live a lie
Im going to marry this blunt and cherish it.. till I smoke it all
“You sound like the round pants spongebob”
It’s gotta be exhausting having your self worth depend on your social media likes
Fuck these hoes !!!!! I only want ONE GIRL. And that’s MITORI
let me build some houses on sims
Weekends are for self care. I.e time to eat cake!
i was in a relationship like that & i just had to leave..
It's never rung this fucking long e_O
Your name is a light that the shadows can't deny
It’s not what you said, it’s how you said it....and don’t you say you love me when you know you’ll regret it.
Before I close these sick eyes I would like to thank Allah for allowing me to breath
i literally miss you so much i will sob we need to hangout in the summer everyday pls
I’m in Australia for work right now and it’s pretty amazing just how much the Wolff book is permeating the news down here!
Thinking of getting a LG G4.. leaving the iPhone family m.. opinions?
chorando ao som de calango stan squad playlist
Tehya Got Me Crying G Wtf
If nobody hates you, you are doing something boring.
Having to much fun with my new shredder
wish she loved me like iv'e always loved her
fell in love with astroneer again
oomf really been on it lately
“Never give up, fix mistakes, and keep stepping.”
If you can't accept the way I get when I'm hurt then I'll have to hurt you by avoiding you the best that I can.
Certain shit don’t phase me anymore
but I’m not in a rush cause great things take time.
why is shownu so C U T E
When H.E.R - U come on i sings my lil heart out
Love is always being given where it is not required. — E. M. Forster
What a big Sunday! Feeling grateful and ready!
the longer it takes you to do something, the longer it takes to do.
I hope everyone loves themselves. Y’all are all beautiful and amazing human beings.
for my honest opinion on youuu **dont get butthurt
AND D CUT IS JUST...... P E R FECT
Oh my god stop calling it Groove Coaster SEX or I'm gonna make you read NTR manga
LMFAO NAH HAHAHA. F U C K T H A S Y S T E M .
you NEEEDDD to come here for my birthday and we have to smoke a blunt together i love u
Baekhyun and Taeyeon look related. Y’all ship incest?
"I don't catch feelings, I catch Pokemon."
Someone asked if I was Chinese the other day and now I'm wondering how many people see my name and pronounce it 'Shay'..
Omfg let’s see if I survive the night. # h e n n y b o y z night out
i want a steady hand. a kind soul. i want to fall asleep and wake knowing my heart is safe. i want to love n be loved.
Day 6: (Jan. 6) realized that my bf (my ex now lol) never wanted a break, he just wanted to breakup. actions speak louder than words. i blocked him on everything, listened to sad songs, and cried in the shower !
Couldn’t have picked a worse night to get a flat tire #1 Degree
Lights that flash in the evening through the hole in the drapes. I’ll be home when I’m sleeping; I can’t hardly wait. I can’t wait. Hardly wait.
Told boy I had a ton on my to do list for tomorrow and this asshole asks if he’s on that list.
Ion bop I do the money da nce
"if u play the song 'weightless' it'll reduce ur anxiety!" "hm.. i guess" *runescape track "start" plays* "i'm at peace"
the lady and the tramp spaghetti scene except it's a whole baguette
I’m playing DD so my parents can celebrate their 50th bday.
E said he can’t trust me cuz I don’t have my Twitter on night mode
uhm.. just wanna say im not gullible af.
Did anyone catch what Trump said about Fire and Fury? How it shouldn’t be allowed?!? You know what comes next right? # censorship # no more freedom of speech
monsta x and got7 friendship strong vc quer jackson e jooheon
5 Star: Sally M. "I have chosen to return time after time to Eye2eye as I completely trust their advice and..."...
I’ve been spending a lot of time looking at luxury real estate lately and may I just say that rich people have terrible taste.
jaehyun johnny jaebum jinyoung and jackson are dropped until further notice sunwoo has taken all of their spots and mark lee stays in his place
Another full day tomorrow: Church in the AM with the kids 2 clients Booked for tomorrow Panthers play My Juicy Ju comes home
Im living in peace one day at a time
# safari live Ralph have you seen a hyena give birth?
I dont need sex because SoloQ fuck me every day
Accidentally made conversation with a straight white male who infiltrated our local gay bar. R E G R E T .
Now where have I seen this scam before. Literally no extra e….
ppl be expecting you to change your whole life for them but they aint willing to change shit for you in return..
rt/like if you stan one or more of these things. let‘s be mutuals!!! - martin garrix - dua lipa - stranger things (+ cast) - the 100 - anne with an e - harry potter - IT (2017) - adelaine morin - joe sugg - caspar lee - etc
leave me a l o n e
(2/2) e home Monday then continue to kick butt!
Steve Bannon's Middle East plan revealed // been there, done that, it failed. jordan's got more trouble than it wants & egypt in sinai. no one wants gaza or palestinians, either. except UNRWA, UN,
Why do we bake cookies and cook bacon?
I just woke up from an 8 hour nap
I'm done doing all of the work. If I didn't make the effort I make, we wouldn't be friends.
i need an E S C A P E
What does she like nermal or was she one of those fake nermal girls.
You pass a signpost to get to the special stage
My biggest enemy is our memories.
(Wave) SWELL: 5.9 ft at 14.8 s WNW / WIND WAVE: 5.6 ft at 7.7 s E / WVHT: 7.9 ft / APD: 6.8 s / MWD: 298° / 7:00p HST
(Wave) SWELL: 5.9 ft at 16.0 s WNW / WIND WAVE: 2.3 ft at 4.8 s E / WVHT: 6.6 ft / APD: 6.5 s / MWD: 295° / 7:00p HST
I have so many people following me that i don’t follow. welcome to my world.
I cordoned off the whole street Then my horses on the concrete Make you quiver and aah (ooh) shake, (ooh) quake
e sua mãe...MERCY ON ME TAKE EASY ON MY HEART
I worked just shy of 3 years on overnights and today I worked my first full day on dayshift and loved it.
Avg Wind:7kts, Gust:10kts, Wave Height:0.4m, Wave Period:4s, Wind Dir:94 °(E), Gust Dir:87 °(E) at 07/01/2018 05:06:00
[i carry your heart with me(i carry it in] BY E. E. CUMMINGS
Water Temp:9.4 °C, Avg Wind:8kts, Gust Dir:90 °(E), Wave Height:0.4m, Wave Period:3s, Gust:11kts at 07/01/2018 05:07:00
Avg Wind:16kts, Gust:28kts, Wind Dir:80 °(E), Gust Dir:117 °(SE), Water Temp:8 °C at 07/01/2018 05:06:00
Avg Wind:16kts, Gust:21kts, Wave Height:0.9m, Wind Dir:76 °(E), Gust Dir:63 °(NE), Water Temp:9.3 °C at 07/01/2018 05:06:00
the more i listen to the playlist the more i listen to los Angeles Azules. i just hope they don't put them in the Sonora but rather the Outdoor
Avg Wind:22kts, Gust:25kts, Wind Dir:80 °(E), Gust Dir:83 °(E) at 07/01/2018 05:08:00
Water Temp:7.3 °C, Avg Wind:12kts, Wave Height:0.7m, Wave Period:3s, Gust Dir:92 °(E), Gust:16kts at 07/01/2018 05:08:00
Officially done with training OT here I come
(Wave) SWELL: 0.3 ft at 8.3 s E / WIND WAVE: 2.3 ft at 4.3 s E / WVHT: 2.3 ft / APD: 3.7 s / MWD: 79° / 11:00p CST
(Wave) SWELL: 0.0 ft at / WIND WAVE: 6.9 ft at 6.7 s E / WVHT: 6.9 ft / APD: 5.2 s / MWD: 81° / 10:40p CST
(Wave) SWELL: 1.0 ft at 11.1 s E / WIND WAVE: 2.6 ft at 4.3 s NE / WVHT: 2.6 ft / APD: 4.0 s / MWD: 83° / 11:53p EST
The hardest challenge is to be yourself in a world where everyone is trying to make you somebody else. ~ e.e. cummings
Wow, did y’all know there’s a site called “the dirty” and it calls out people for cheating and stuff! It’s amazing.
(Wave) SWELL: 1.0 ft at 10.8 s E / WIND WAVE: 4.6 ft at 5.3 s NNE / WVHT: 4.9 ft / APD: 4.5 s / MWD: 16° / 11:40p EST
(Wave) SWELL: 5.6 ft at 10.0 s ESE / WIND WAVE: 8.9 ft at 7.7 s E / WVHT: 10.5 ft / APD: 6.6 s / MWD: 102° / 12:40a AST
do I have to use a fork to properly eat the thing? yes. is anybody gonna whoop my ass for it? no.
I swear me and E crazy
I hope there's a part in the next Justice League/ whatever movie all the DC characters are allowed to be super friends with each other where Wonder Woman sits Batman down and is all like "Listen mother fucker.." and says "mother fucker" a bunch. That would be cool.
all i do is sit around and eat and be sad im basically a more annoying version of a plant
i listened to got7's old songs a while ago and i miss them and their old sound.
Wherefore God also hath highly exalted him, and given him a name which is above every name: That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, .....Phil 2:9-10
which ex is going to be on here compared to YT
Awkward when you have to delete pictures with your ex, but you look cute and want to keep them
We not fighting over petty things in 2018
i can’t wait till someone is all MINE
é como dizia fall out boy: i'm every cliche, but i simply do it best
Bruhh all of that working out , what happin
Drew has gotten to the place he’s goes to bed at 11 instead of 9:30 now. That’s a no no cause 11 is really 12 . Something gotta give.
i wonder when the first switch hardware revision is gonna be
That yuri manga actually got adapted
Broke: I loved BoTW for the gameplay! Woke: I loved BoTW for the story! T R A N S C E N D E N T: I LOVED BoTW FOR GERUDO LINK.
hate when my days fly by enjoying craft
Spicy tuna hand rolls make the world go around
Watching D is ne y movies with Nana # Saturday # staying in # movies # D is ne y # family # love
the end is nigh will be the end of M E
Imagine bein Muslim, gettin jumped & u hear “BACC UP IMA FEED DIS BITCH A PORK CHOP”
I did not muted me a video and shoved it has been done a fan,
Be careful when you’re speaking, he like the devil, I got demons around me
I JUST REALIZED THE FUCKING SICK BEAT FROM NOW 3 THAT IVE BEEN SEARCHING FOR IS THE FUCKING BEAT FOR HER ARE YOU SERIOUS THEYVE BEEN HIDING THAT SONG FOR A WHOLE YEAR THEY ALREADY SNATCHED ME BEFORE THE SONG CAME OUT SHIT MAN IM SO STUPID
It obviously takes a long time for some to leave but it’s time now
Kinda wanna do something chill but kinda wanna go out bc i have the next two days off
That entitlement shit gotta go man
I’m so good at catching rats.
I'm about to be so extra with my senior serve table
I wish my dad lived here Bro
Tired of life & everyone in it .
Wish I could go outside earth by myself
Gas on E i left my wallet at home!
I managed to say "I'm okay" even if I'm slowly dying inside.
Please change here for the Hibiya Subway Line and Yurakucho Subway Line.
Day 5: (Jan. 5) I went to my friend's house, helped her sister make a blog, and then played 'what do you meme'
Rewatching #Phineas And Ferb on Disney XD and then remembering that almost every Disney channel star either starred in this show or guest starred
Just because Asians can be racist doesnt mean we can never face racism lmao some non-asian PoC wont bat an eye when they hear “ching chong” or “ling ling” its not cute
i’m gonna turn 21 and not even know what to order at the bars like i’ve just been mixing random shit for years what’s a real drink???
Anyone that asks for extra gerkins at maccys needs a serious mental health assessment
Don’t you just hate it when you know you can drink more but because you’re sick you’ve been drunk since your second beer.
Taking off makeup is one of the more satisfying things in life.
I’m glad you can sleep peacefully tonight, too late for me.
This last insidious movie actually touched my heart and made me cry lol it was better than expected
RT Andre24Social "RT philipwatling: ZaiLabSoftware Thank you for following me. Please read my astonishing (e)book #Flight Of A Lifetime; you’ll be very glad you did # happy # smiles "
So what do the rams do with olgatree since we just have him a extension
Exhibit E: Six-seed # F al cons upset three-seed # R a m s .
WINDOWS 7 IS GOOD TILL 2020
Know she be on that bull
I probably even gained triple that
I’ll take that as a no
Windows 10- FallCreator # success # As us — feeling happy
“You identify my bitches w/ AP’s, if she ain’t got an AP, she is not mine, she belong to the SCREETS!”
I'm just way too excited this summer.
yt is never going to be the same. and that really makes me sad. plus YouTube is not eternal.
BOX -Structure Fire - 5827 E BEN WHITE BLVD SVRD EB - AFD - 10:51PM
I hate being left in the dark. Let me know wassup, that way I know what to do.
My tias would make me do it and my grandma would make my cousins do it for her
I miss SM and I miss my people
Sometimes I just only want to laugh and luagh with no reason for I just want to feel that I can be happy without you.
Losing one of you family members is always tough. You think you become immune to death, but it never happens. Rest up Auntie. Love you forever and always- E
One thought before I go out : get the toxic people the fuck out of your life and watch yourself absolutely FLOURISH
I think...i wanna watch devilman crybaby or w/e it is that just came out. Idk anything abt the originals but the tl is screaming over it so
Now that my notifs have calmed down. I can b r ea t h e //
I wonder if there's ever been a time when a Koopa saw a Dry Bones and was like, "Oh my God! That used to be Hank! He was killed by Mario last year! What the hell did they do to him?"
by either g*** no*** or e*** honestly
Eating birthday cake and watching The X-Files.
nothing truly worth having comes easy
I WISH WE WERE GIVEN 5-10 MINUTES I'm such a blabbermouth when I'm asked to talk about something deeply!!!!
If someone brings E&J to your crib, you need to void that friendship
Am I too far a cry from a prince?
Due to several cases, it's rare for me to actually get early access games, however super pumped that I got They are Billions. Like insanely so.
You promised. I believed. I was tricked.
growing up means watching everything you love change and if that sounds cheesy and lame same i remember 20 y/o people saying that but now here I am.
Member last year when the Wild won like every game in December? fun times...but I'm glad the Wolves have really stepped up this year.
vair e stay bull jeen yuss
I don't like getting control by things that society says its okay to do...
I try to act so strong in front of everyone but today I couldn’t I’ve lost my self...
LISTENING TO UAN SONGS ARE JUST SO NOSTALGIC AAAHHHH IM MISSING THEM AGAIN SO MUCH
JINYA RAMEN BAR CAN HONESTLY BAREBACK AND BREED MY HOLE
ok this shadowverse came is pretty cute (and cool, and fun. yay!)
i’m in search of the Great Manifesto
the heaviest burden you could leave a person is a broken heart, because although she walks fine, Sarah felt as if she was carrying a giant weight on her chest —Mitch Albom. The Time Keeper (2012)
I already know what shoes I’m getting when I get paid lol
2018 R E A D Y
I blast the Friends theme song outside my window to see if anyone on the street does the clapping thing
Well i was falling and striking! NO AHHHHH CANNAT!!!!!
I’m not okay anymore and I hate it, I want to get better.
All these damn chains modern slavery...
I ain't gonna front though I be waiting on some girls to break up with their man so I can swoop them up and do them better but it's gotta be a grace period in between or they just gonna put their previous insecurities on me
Bruh i have endless iPhone chargers
“I always want to cry when I see sapphire blue sea. I love you, E.L.F.!” — Leeteuk
[ Video Loss ] Unit Name : E.CoastWH Date/Time : 01/07/2018 00:09:55 CH : [11][12][13][14][15][16]
Jericho had no mercy in his match with Kenny.
Now I’m tired lol & I’m not hungry anymore
My dad was wrong, cause I'm not like my mom, cause she just smiled and I'm complaining in a song
Why won't Blizzard make me the next Overwatch character
It’s 11 and I’m crazing tamales and I got them
I talk with patients and Doctors about pain. The accumulated experience that a patient has teaches them a language and thought process that many doctors don't understand. The same is true for the Dr. Insight is lost. Understanding crippled. Yet both are fearful and feel alone.
McVay kept going: “It’s okay for me to say this since my grandpa died in a concentration camp. He fell off his guard tower.” Everybody laughed.
QUICK QUESTION WHAT CAN I FEED A CAT IF MEAT AND MILK IS NOT AVAILABLE.
Ever been so bored you’ll let your phone die me rn
I feel like I gained 20 pounds over the past 2 weeks
I stg there's somebody dragging something on the gravel outside i hope I'm a ghost and they're dragging my corpse
i can not believe i am THIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIS cute and still single
Cuff a Leo & watch your life get better 2018
How many times has Walmart been on #Live P D ? They need to start paying A&E # f r e e a d v e r t is in g
river to riz “don’t be a headass I love u”
“Kissing you makes me feel alive.”
wow the ride from hattiesburg is so short lol
Is it wrong to dream of something I can't achieve?
Lettuce suspected in deadly US E. coli outbreak
If all you talk about is how much you’re “over your ex” you probably aren’t considering thats apparently all you think about lmao
W e Sh ou ld make fo od out of th ese
Logan Paul is the reason I will restrict what my unborn children will be able to access on the internet
# A train # C train and # E train have delays [E] Jamaica Center-bound trains run local from Roosevelt Av to 71 Av #NYC…
social media: *starts posting abt pineapples on pizza* ppl: ew gosh I also hate pineapple on pizza (few months ago, fond of it smh)
When you're having a good hair day so you don't want to go to sleep and fuck it up
vou sair pra maratonar run bts, yoonmin e vmin moments eh isso boa noitw
Don't you dare let our best memories bring you sorrow.
Y’all act like emotional abuse and manipulation by a person’s S/O wont influence poor decision making or pressure to make certain decisions from that S/O
Tim shutting down NoHo. I know Charles is upset, because he definitely loves LA. Whoops. #Sweetie Pies
As I fell, I had one of those 'my-life-was-flashing-before-my-eyes' things, and concluded my life was pretty well lived.
I'm so in love with my prom dress
This year I really need to live in the moment....bc I'm always stressing about my future
Tambay friends are better than sosyalin friends.
If this is love, i don't want it
You can be more comfortable with the person you met 2 weeks ago, than the person you’ve know for 2 years.
#Grimsby Weather 05:08 AM Dry Temp 3.4 Humidity 76 pct Pressure 1025.8 Wind 2.4 E Rain Today 0.0
When my boy calls me mama ooooh
2018 lit af so far what
We all in the same picture but we all got different poses
should i go out or go study room study icnfiddif idk but if i go out i get to meet won and i havent met him in such a long time icnfdidjd but i abit the laze sia how
Lion king i loveeee that movie
yugyeom dancing to svt while cooking uhm yes sir you're doing amazing
“But I don’t want anybody else.”
Black Mirror's San Junipero episode was B E A U T I F U L
Should i start a leg sleeve ?
Vince gone & process ON; In, Out, In. England 3 down. Inning defeat on the way. 4-0 loading. 3/43, still trail by 260 runs. # A s h e s
“Unbeing dead isn't being alive.” ― E.E. Cummings
(Tangentially: that song title comes from the guitar's tuning. Low-to-high, A-A-A-E-A-E. If you play music you know how *weird* that is.)
Imagine if we pool our efforts like this to tackle issues we face e.g. crime and education. # Jamaica a f i w i #Team Shaggy4 Kids
Serious Question... What does it say about a man who fears that someone will poison him? Undoubtedly suffering Delusions and Paranoia OR # stable genius ???
Seeing my best friends kids makes, e wanna have one! Can’t wait to be a dad! But I love being Uncle Billy too!:)
Imagine Getting Jumped & Someone Wit AIDS Pull Up Like "Move Lemme Bite em"
So while I was in Wasco, I went to Little Caesar's to get a hookup from my sister. She wasn't there but I saw Austin!!! Turned out great
time 2 listen to some good music
"Promise me you'll always remember: You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think"
I smile because of you, you smile because of him
Why you telling me about what you support? I’m supposed to jump on the bandwagon?
you may cry afterwards though when you remember this is the person in charge of our country but w/e
We can’t build the same world destroying each other’s
Don't tell me sorry anymore, unless you tell me why. Otherwise you're not sorry for what you did, you're just sorry that I'm upset. That's an apology I will no longer accept.
2pac 3rd verse on changes the realist verse ever wrote!!! Rest up RapGod
I’m freezing cold. I wouldn’t dare go outside right now
Eagles D-line is totally different beast.
I’m sick of unreliability of niggas man
I don't even know how I woke up
Re Box Alarm 5827 E Ben White. Mistaken Alarm. Units clearing
Our God has robbed the grave!
So..... Xavier dragged me in anagram like an hour ago & I still don’t know how to feel about it.
I took the good times, I'll take the bad times... I'll take you just the way you are.
Life is going G R E A T right now
windows keeps wanting me to update w/ the creators update or w/e but i refuse. last time i did it, my controller driver got all fucked up
There is nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed.
I never made food, I just laid in The bed lol
“I also haven’t heard you laugh like that in awhile.”
Because of "God took him away from you for you to grow" statements, sometimes I get afraid that I might lose people in order for me to grow.
Tyga should rap the way he did when he was on show me the money with wizkid all the time I’d listen to that lol
Note to self: I’ve figured out what my therapist means when she asks if I self sabotage. It has been made abundantly clear to me that I am doing so as we speak
°Sum chocolate chip cookie edibles° (licks fingers)
... I be like damn I gotta share this shit... I be thinkin of some real shit ... the last tweet was one of them
Just trying to do my best
I take that "I love you" shit so lightly cause I've heard it so much it has lost its meaning tbh
I should work for 16/32bit,and $7.99 for Let's all that for walker, you're going to Tobias' episode, and might make a few years of money.
I always wanted to yours but you always wanted to be his'.
Are they even really your best friend if they don’t go talk shit behind your back & fw your exes?
Truly, madly, deeply I am Foolishly, completely falling . . .
THOSE BOYS ARE EEEEEVIL lemme spell it out for ya mom E.V.I.L. B.O.Y.S.!!
Dog shit? Glad her mouth close to her nose
feels guuuud to set a goal and follow through
Worked at Garde Manger, Banquet, Pastry and Bella today. I wanna cry I’m so tireeeeddd!!!!!!!
after a long rest at my comfortable place, idek na how to interact to others.
I must say I’m ja handsome wit this cut tho # cocky moment
Omg my stomach hurts so bad
omg this double b having my feet screaaaming
one of my best friends i love you with all of my heart i cant wait to meet you
Blest Spencer works for Nicholls bc I just snagged an adidas baseball jacket and some sweat pants
Next week will be 6 months ...
Disgusting how similar some shit is
So glad a nigga got to see 2018 thats a blessing.
I just wanna be part of your symphony
Black is my power color. #TIMESUP # G lobes 75
I dont give a fuck about yo opinion
I don't look at what I write before I post it I swear I'm not retarded
Probably shouldn’t be eating chocolate right now
Nice to see the fabulous Jamie Farr on # S v en go o lie
Nothing towards anyone but I hate being bothered when I’m trying to create
Peace of mind is E V E R Y T H I N G
"All I wanted was a friend" acho que eu sou a dona do jogo e nem sabia #B T Soutcast D4
#Now Playing 14 L E - Little Hands on #wwcfam.com
"Whether you know who I am or not, you don't really know who I am,” - H.E.R.
YouTube is the worst platform on the whole internet and I hope one day Anonymous hacks it and it can never be used again!
The best days are those where there is only one task to complete. Tomorrow is that day.
I love how I read the Romain lettuce stuff about it having e. Coli right after I finish a salad tonight for dinner.
me: i'm married to an icon my "wife": who? me: you, idiot
That feeling when someone is accidentally greeted you last holidays and you just feel awkward until now coz you also replied Her.
Will you hold me tight and not let go
wow this is seriously insane # b t s o u t c a s t d 4
PLEASE HELP IM DESPERATE ANYONE SELLING P1 for ASTRO IN LA ?
I just tried to make a cookie in the microwave bc I didn’t feel like waiting for it to bake and I caught it on fire
h e eats like a babie :(
It’s days like today that I wish I was grown up and lived with the love of my life.
WE'RE GOING BAC K HO ME YAYYYYY
when you wanna watch black mirror but no longer have Netflix
Nothing more beautiful than true love, what makes it more beautiful is that it’s so fucking hard to find so once you got it you know it’s real.
Writing my goals down and going ghost Tryna be the best version of me.
WHO’S READY FOR OUR FIRST MULTI-COD RECRUIT?!?!
So what happened with Mama E's?
Good seeing her after so long
Where u go i follow, no matter how far, if life is a movie oh you're the best part
Went skiing caught a mogul n yard sailed
Your voice that hasn't reached me yet crushes my helpless heart
i guess i’ll never fall for someone and have them return the favor
I just practiced the uke for 4 hours straight I’m rly starting a new hobby n it feels guuuud
Really do think I am addicted to vlogs on YouTube now.
"Pain in my Heart..just Wont Let me Be"
It happens even in showbiz! Paul and Toni ang peg BlessedMcLisse At18th
What a night w my boo
Love, love, love, the music from the greatest showman!
Just looked up the symptoms of e coli. I now have e coli even though I do not display any symptoms.
i miss you sososososo much please come back i love you a lot
I need a legit work out partner!! Someone that’s willing to go to the gym/hike with me. Someone to motivate me when I start to slip.
23h Beau Fort: Temp. 6.3 °F, Hum. 64 %, Bar. 30.48 inHg, Rain 0.01 in, Wind 2 mph E # Weather cloud
[coughs from the s p i c e] This is fiiiiineeeehhhh
Every ending I get in this game has left me w more questions than answers so far
Hell yeah the dj is bumping eazy e at the DJ Quik and Warren G concert
Why are my boyfriends sweats better than mine own
Wait what is this stuff with Chris and Queen?
I’m tired of the fake love, show me what you’re made of, boy make me believe
“The story of life is quicker than the wink of an eye, the story of love is hello and goodbye...until we meet again” ― Jimi Hendrix
Curling is a very underrated winter Olympic sport #USA
If our plans were to resign Ron anyway I would’ve waited until after the game. Nothing like a little pressure
Whoever plowed south salisbury is blind.
Guh... Me and my big mouth. Frederick, pleeeeeease! My whole body's one big bruise after yesterday.
A SPACE MAN WHO WAS A TRUE BRUDDA DIED. JOHN YOUNG KNEW DE WAY TO DE STARS. CLICK FOR HIM BRUDDAS.
{ filia is,,,, w h e w }
Okay, I know it’s only January & I’m only in 10th grade but like I want to go to prom! Is this a bad thing
Monica was the sweetest; Carly, not. # say yes to the dress
Linked with the ganggg they my niggas fr
Rizzoli and isles is on sdfghjkla
Shigure, we have to kill grandma
22° turnover do Nuggets VIBTE E DOIS
OK I WANTED TO POST THIS RIGHT AT MIDNIGHT BUT I HAD TO WAIT FOR THE BALLOONS
How can you be so blind?
the cutest ever i love you so much lets get married
just bc i don’t react or act all stupid when u tell me cute shit or anything that hurts me doesn’t mean i don’t care
"E.T." still creeps me the fuck out.
Next person I date I’m gonna marry...
I am here for H.E.R. just singing nonsense for the last 2 minutes of her new song
Golden State Warriors again and again!!
depression is living in a body that fights to survive, with a mind that tries to die
I’ve said since the beginning of the season that the goal for this team was top4 in the league and a high NIT seed. It now seems that was far too much to ask. Let’s just aim for 7-10 wins and CBI. # u n l v m b b
Sometimes exes go bac to each other That's dangerous but something you can't panic, worried about It's sad that people have to move around
Yesterday. Today. Tomorrow. Everyday. Why not ???
I'm not gonna live by what I see I'm not gonna live by what I feel
idk if i wanna cut my ends & wear my real hair or do me some braids my hair than grew sooo much it just need treated
2 &3 bitches that was been dubs
I gotta get my sleeping schedule but right classes really finna start...
My favorite lion king movie on i could just cry man
my friends r the best dealers
Que cosa del bien High School Musical
I ask that when it’s my bday that we keep the embarrassing big head pics off Twitter
Best Part (feat. H.E.R) - Daniel Caesar
I find myself bursting with gratitude filled memories of my years living in Boston. I loved that dirty water
Niggaz be talking bout me & i never heard of em
I’m really pissed off because I wanted to take a nap but I chose to stay up & watch the Falcons/Rams game & that shit went exactly how I knew it would.
I wish god himself would come talk to me ... I need him the most right now
All 29 of my followers better get ready for me freaking out about Violet Evergarden for 12 weeks.
ADRENALINE IS PUMPING, ADRENALINE IS PUMPING.
Calibrating my oven while drinking a rum and tonic. How’s that for a wild Saturday night?
I just had an epic bonding moment with my mom. We talked about all the fruit and vegetable codes we know.
YOU DO NOT GET ENOUGH CREDIT FOR HOW FUNNY AND SWEET AND PRETTY YOU ARE I LOVE YOU
(Wave) SWELL: 6.6 ft at 9.1 s E / WIND WAVE: 8.2 ft at 7.7 s ENE / WVHT: 10.5 ft / APD: 6.7 s / MWD: 91° / 6:40p HST
finished black list , gotta find another series to watch
Baby this is what you came for/Lightning strikes every time she moves
It really made my night <3
Now I got to crawl out of love
i want to d i e
(Wave) SWELL: 7.9 ft at 10.8 s ENE / WIND WAVE: 8.5 ft at 6.7 s E / WVHT: 11.5 ft / APD: 6.9 s / MWD: 75° / 1:40a WGT
I been neglecting twitter for the last couple days
He said he was scared and ran home. Turns out it was Robert E Lee day.
I got some many tricks up my sleeve this year, I’m accomplishing all my goals
1,400 gold, not good but it's a start
It’s been cold as hell lately
Haluh, 1st pic I was tan before
Girls wanting to be married to Men is like Men trying to get Women to be interested in them in the early pursuing stages. It happens when it happens.
me cheering people on to give me requests: be. specific! b. e. specific!
E&J aint my preferred choice but thats neither here nor anywhere lol
Believe me your'e everything that just makes my world complete
The only reason why i still have my fb is cause Erendi tags me on shit all the time lol
The foremost & immutable precept is that the Pacific Coast is, in fact, the event horizon of all human dreaming, final frontier of strivings
Goff continued: “I don’t care if they had herpes on them, I would suck those dicks dry. That’s how badly I win.” Not many QB’s would do that. This kid has a bright future.
I started watching marriage boot camp and.... LOL
Thanks so much for watching guys! I guess I'll keep Let's Plays off stream and only play games like Fortnite and PUBG on stream
I'll be happy when I get complete hearing in both of my ears Because this is very aggravating
what's the point of sleeping if you still wake up tired?
No matter how close we are there are things that you'll never know and that's just how it goes
summer 2016 was the best time of my life.
im e*o tonight and Niall is making me soft.....next
All of my mouth was kissing hiim.
#Saturday Screams HAHAHAHAHA! "SEE IF WE DON'T!"
“She is a GIRL.” “She was probably always a girl.” It’s 12 in the morning and I just snorted I love this show #Phineas And Ferb
“Yes officer, I think this guy just went from admiring to coveting could you come take care of that”
I really need to accept the fact that people like you don’t change
if two ppl in a relationship it shouldn’t only be one person that’s making changes. there’s always room for improvement so y’all should make changes where they are needed together. nothing should be one sided
I don't wanna go to school, i just wanna break the rules.
My prayers go out to eagles fans... y’all fucked
NCAAM Final: Tigers 67 Cougars 66. BYU: E Bryant 29pts, 7reb, 1ast PAC: J Tripp 22pts, 5reb, 2ast (ESPN)
Nah anyone bringing e&j to your function don’t respect you at all
The only thing left for me but is super glad i can stop thinking about it.
i’ve literally been in bed all day. i’m sweating, but i have goosebumps
i also sometimes thinky u no likey me but again i lovey you very much and i wanna kiss ur mouf
I JUST FINISHED EATING 15MINS AGO AND KM NOW HUNGRY
Why people care and why some don’t
Waiting for last paper on 19/1
problem: I want to go to bed problem: I want to keep sitting in front of the space heater problem: I cannot safely bring the space heater into bed with me, or even safely leave it on overnight
I either need to stop watching food videos or stop spending my grocery money on ingredients to make novelty desserts from Buzzfeed videos.
i just wanna watch F.R.I.E.N.D.S again. acting like i dont know what’s gonna happen so i can act surprise again
Get you a best friend that lets you stay in her house while she’s gone and then buys you drunk food on the way home. This is what every girl needs.
u can do it like nobody's around
i love the design of blackpink house so much it’s so pretty the interior and exterior i love it
I prefer to focus only on my family
I got so chunky this break lmao
REPORTED: ACCIDENT IN ROADWAY-PROPERTY DAMAGE at 210 E TRADE ST #CLT #CMPD_Central
NO PICTURE CRYPTOGRAPHY OR MUSIC ALCHEMY TILL LATER TODAY
Glad Paperfrank started posting more selfies.
don’t u hate a shy bitch ? Yea I ate a shy bitch . She ain’t shy no mo , she changed ha name to my bitch .
According to Google Docs, "Mermaidman" is a real word E X T R A W O K E
Top 8 #SEO Trends To Follow In 2018
Wait so .... do you mean "you love me" or "your in love with me?" You know they different right
I’m so glad my bestfriend got his own crib. Swear that’s my duck off spot
Gave myself the luxury of going shopping & it felt so good
Hahahahahaaha im W I D E awake after working 7am-2pm and 5pm-1130pm today like wtf
- | writer wants Rey to lightsaber fight someone from the dark side
El fili y do have to make things so hard? huhu
I think I’m meant to be straight
E mark ah lar war tar she toe super sex time!
“She betta chill out for she get turnt str8”
hot funny cute boys make me wanna d i e
(at work, almost every single day) "make sure to keep an eye on that customer, we think they might be stealing" "okay what do i do in that case" "absolutely nothing" then why should i care bitch
I’m excited for the movie BlessedMcLisse At18th
riz better release rockstar on my birthday omg
Me pas emrin Hana e mos me t’lon me dal naten qr
Ya MCM just lit a candle before opening a book in bed on Saturday night... it's me I'm ya MCM
BECAUSE. WE. HAVE. P E P S I
Leave me alone and let me get out of south central befofe i kill someone.
I always thought protective banana cases were dumb but I’m tired of eating mushy bananas
Maybe tonight will actually be the night I finally get any sleep after over a week of not sleeping. e.e
Truly, madly, crazy, deeply in love with you.
3h da manhã é a hr perfeita para ouvir "Why'd you only call me When youre high?" ..
no shade but bruno mars is a god damn gem that should be protected at all costs i love him
i sometimes think you no likey me but i lovey you very very much and you’re so hot & you deserve the world
So I created this 'E M O K I D inside' playlist in my Spotify account to remind me of my decade-ago self and how old I am today. Geez.
At the end of the day, you can’t argue science. Now leave me alone.
“you want an edible” “i have a joint” lmao okay fuck me up
IF YOU DON'T LIKE SOMETHING FUCK IT I MEAN LITERALLY FUCK IT PUT YOUR DICK INSIDE IT AND SAY I'M UNCLE BEN BITCH
i thought it would be fun to make a “before i die i want to” list today, but it just made me sad
being sick is wild bc this morning i was fine. throat was a lil scratchy but otherwise w/e. but rn? im dying
Return back to my place of employment tomorrow sure the hospital will be packed as always. The ed always crazy
DO YOU KNOW DE WAE OF DE DEVEL
Does anyone actually believe, if you do a good deed you will get rewarded for it? If so what made you believe it...
Just for the record, ‘mother!’ is a brilliant movie. Completely frakked up, but brilliant nonetheless.
Watch movies with me so I know it’s real
while ya'll got the time please stan trcng, b.i.g, in2it, golden child, a.c.e, myteen and onf
Doug E Fresh threw on bodak yellow at a charity event concert in Jamaica and I’m really hoping Cardi finds out how dope that was lol
CDC: E. coli outbreak could be linked to romaine lettuce
I really want to beat Philly simply because of Malcolm Jenkins ignorant statement about Matt Ryan in the Top 100 Countdown
i been gone for the pasg 2 hrs LOLLL
You can always pick out the Newfs when you’re wandering around Toronto airport
all i’ve been tryna do is eat at my fav thai spot the last 2 days to get my fav special fried trout with a spicy apple salad but no one to accompany me i’m tired of always looking like a lame eating alone.
Being childish will not spawn an adult response.
#Saturday Screams hahaha that damn cocky ass hand
The End Of The F***ing World é estranhamente legal
Bedtime. Let's hope I sleep tonight or work is going to work me over
Sometimes the ones clapping for you ain't happy for you
Your Amazing... Awesome... Wonderful... Magical... Just Great...
Cold pizza is great -glares at Alyssa-
I thought your 20s was supposed to be the best time of your life
gots 2 get that chakra on fleek or else
As soon as A&E realized how many crazy people live in Pasco County they knew to put a #Live P D
i really used to hate the shit outta you and now i literally love you so much i would die for you
In other news: this morning I got a 'good morning sweetheart' text from my ponyboy and I melted. Im still soft. H E L P. IM GROSS
not looking for a relationship just looking for someone to vibe with..
Falcons/Titans Super Bowl still on track....
“You weren’t friends with benefits you were his supportive sex buddy” -my mom
i have a crush on sunwoo and im upset about it
Ain’t nothing worse than a broken bitch with a bad attitude
New Year, New Feels, New Chances. Same Dream, Fresh Starts
People be so pressed to get tattoos an don’t even be going to the right people . Then their shit be looking so messy
what you know > what you assume
I try so hard to fw my sister but on our mother I just can’t
I matched on tinder with a girl who picked on me in middle school tonight. On the bright side I learned that I’m still afraid of her.
Soooooooo Lesley and I were play fighting and every time she laughed she farted
terminei The End of the F***ing World e... .........
can i just fast forward to the end of the quarter pl0x
Looking forward to my shs life HAHAHAHAHA
There no longer has to be a difference between who you are and what you do.― Gary Vaynerchuk # quote
(Alinivar saw, just for a second, two tall unfamiliar figures standing before him.)
Omg Jia Nailiang letter honestly never imagine such a perfect couple like them turned out to be like this...
Just to clarify, I don't wanna go to spend my experience.
I just wanna see, i just wanna see how beautiful u are, u know that i see it i know you're a star
My dirty talk is super dorky but enough to get the job done...
If went out tonight to a bar/club u a hoe or a clown.
I feel like such a nerd in my work clothes smh
tentei assistir the end of the fucking world e achei bem uozinha
bro i could really just cry rn , but i have other stuff to do so w/e lol
Haven’t felt like this in a while
ouvindp sweet creature e querendp morre
...play outside? ...in the middle of afternoon? no, no, I want to be here. with you. can't I?
you’re SO funny and so sweet i love u already i hope we get closer
You not on my level on my worse day!
what's better than one fourteen year old? fourteen one year olds
“Well, offended, I’m very concern about your eating habits. You’re a vampi r e.”
Due to political party gathering at liaquatabad bridge towards karimabad, bridge is closed for traffic, traffic diversion under the bridge continue... Traffic staff is present and managing traffic.
yeah i love twitter user grantgust so damn much
Broo y’all i almost died i damn near drop my phone on my face my life flashed before my eyes
I’m commenting: I Have Feelings For You under your Instagram until you get the hint
Someone know how to pay globe telecom bills online??
What if Daisy "Skye"Johnson from "Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." was from Banff?
It’s hard to hate others, when the person you hate most is yourself.
Selling 2 row e tickets for Harry’s Hershey June 14 show.
Rose McGowan docuseries to air on E!
i gotta see whats in my bank now i guess!
I have done too much damn driving within the last 48 hours. But I got to see people I love, which makes my heart happy & makes the 16+ hours of driving worth it
My bad to those who wanted to see stream tonight, was really tired and I had little sleep. Was a good day though! Will be sure to stream longer tomorrow! One love
I'm just thanking You in advance... Becuz I have too....
It's a perfectly logical system. In this world of ours, conflict never ends. And neither does our purpose...Our raison d'etre.
if you find that video then you have been scrolling for too long
dapat happy happy lang tayo today. No sad please
I need to organize my bias list lol
jk ig n or e me
What will be your pick under Rs.15000? # t e c h 2 make # z en f one 3 #Honor7 X # Red min o t e 4 #Mi A1 # x i a o m i # mot o # h we w a i # smart phone #and r o i d n ought # go o g le
MMM ... GOOD PEPPERS... KINDA weAK IF YOU ASK M E... [she's crying......]
Make u feel some type of way.
I WILL NEVER BREAK I FUCKING REFUSE
I can honestly say I’m high asf right now lolz
I don't save people's numbers, or like giving people my number because I lose, or break my phones so much that I think it's gratuitous to even exchange numbers in the first place.
I like her nose a lot
N.O.R.E - Moments prod. by Spk (DatPiff Exclusive)
IM LIVING FOR ALL OF THESE SOPHIA LAYOUTS HELL YEAH
When Mone hit me with the "GIRLLLLL", I know I'm about to be rolling the whole conversation.
Okay what's going on now who is the fake tweets?
There is something within you that feels out of place. It wriggles frequently and disturbs you each time. It’s no longer supposed to be there. Release it. Be joyful abt the release.
Thankful for what's coming... The good and the great... It's coming to me...
Jalaya a demon that child loveeeee scary movies
Sgt Peppers, The Beatles, Help!, Revolver, Rubber Soul, Let It Be e Magical Mystery Tour: Próximo álbum: Yellow Submarine
So like I live in the dorms now... All moved in... Is this what it feels like to be a true college student? 21 and just now kinda living on my own! Fuck yesssss!
Someone asked me, “ma’am bat may tattoo ka?”
The day I close a Safari tab is a dark, dark day
I found $10 on the floor tonight
My hair looks like pansit canton because I ran out of wax
why does grant look so good like he looks so young again um excuse me barry allen is in jail he isn't supposed to look this good if anything he's supposed to look tougher
Things are just so different now.
Wow that was quick to crush my dreams
50. uh idk i love the greatest showman
Trying to stay positive in a world full of corruption
Nobody understand a bond that you and someone else share it’s not for them to understand though
Don't tell me you were trying, because you weren't. If you were, you would have just told me. That a crap excuse.
why am i listening to jay park's worldwide album he featured bfr*e in one of his songs yikess
i didn’t make groceries so the fridge on E.
I just wanna get you full then get all in ya stomach .
So I’m throwing a set on the 13th. I wanted something small but fhito
Diablo is on the server running the mouth because the main PC is being reformatted back to windows 7 because windows 10 sucks
LORDE. Ever since a certain female singer got popular most common way to spell my name is adding an “e” to an already dignified name which is “Lord”.
Satan does not care how many people read about prayer if only he can keep them from praying. —Paul E. Billheimer
They said....”that nigga rude ” Bitch I know
The Luxury to meditate The Luxury it was To banguet on thy Countenance A Sumptuousness bestows
Unexpected this was a 3rd time
49. i do not smoke and i dont rlly drink that often
DBS is going have to pull off the biggest ass pull of the year for this universe 7 victory
I need to stop commenting on Jack Gilinsky’s Instagram pictures like he’s my man because he’s not
i have really high hopes that taylor has looked at some of our comments about tour dates and prices but AHH let's hope she has,,otherwise this tour will be i n t e rest i ng
5TH_Ashes_TesT AUS_vs_ENG Day_4 ENG_346 AUS_649/7d ENG_41/2 OvEr_20. J Root 14* J Vince 16* N Lyon (0-0-1-0-0-1)
gente, e esse plot twist holy motherforking shirtballs!
12:01AM Temperature: 6.1°F Humidity: 71﹪ Wind: E at 0.0 to 0.0MPH Rain 0.00in Barometer: 30.63InHg
Always remember that YOU'RE worth waiting for.
I took at least two naps today but now I’m sleepy . Ready pass out
just got home and wow I can't wait to work tomorrow!!!
Regina A D O R E S Me Dont Let Her Fool You.
My understanding of California & of LA has unfurled with the earnest urgency of a flower that blooms overnight
Thank You Jesus for another blessed day...
cooking and fishing are already 28 this is definitely me alright i know my priorities
finally getting my laptop keyboard fixed... I missed u “8” “i” “k” and “,” :”)
Tryna take another Europe trip. Y’all snaps making me wanna go back
seeing my close friends upset, kills me
Autonomy = Freedom. "Spoon feeding in the long run teaches us nothing but the shape of the spoon." E.M. Forster # positive
remember: a “good deed” (or something you did that any decent person would do) doesn’t count unless you post about it on social media !!!
Jada Pinkett was in her prime in her menace II society role
I am going crazee and I am taking videos to prove it later
I am not looking forward to go back to that office again..e ntsenya slow down ka leswe
salty I picked up tomorrow, let me take my ass to bed fr this time
New # Relations hips are like beginning road trips; Awareness of the hazards along the road makes for a safer journey # dating advice
NASTY ASS WHITE PRIVILEGED BITCHES IN THE BATHROOM “like why didn’t the chef warn us about the shell fish” (N.E.R.D. Remix)
You'll never find peace of mind until you listen to your heart.
Data 05:00 Pressure 1021.3 hpa Temp 2.6C Hum 69pct Wind 5.4 mph E Rain today 0.0 mm Month 462.9 mm Snowfall today 0.0 Snow Depth0
Man I can’t get over the fact that I had to leave the party so early
Like yes it's time to get out of this big house... Sheesh...
FITE ME. JEKYLLS ONLY. NO COMMAND SPELLS. F I N A L D E S T I N A T I O N
From regular delivery homuyuri Just a great moral teacher or was Jesus something more. Others think he's a prophet. Some dismiss e
i typed the word dream & it autocorrected to one of my ex's names & i got so confused but then seconds later i was triggered bc it reminded me about middle school n how i set my phone to autocorrect the word life to m*tthew e*pinosa
I’m making a way for me and my kids to live our Best life in 2018
I thought it's about time that the cast for the next Sentai series is revealed... Last year and the other years, the cast was revealed on December... Because of that, I read a lot complaints here (in Japanese of course)... #Lupin Pat
Provided that you do not have any internal wounds. As for the poison,once ingested,they will take action. Well,sbb racun kan..and they are not protein alone. i.e. alkaloid
love listening to H.E.R, so soothing and calming
Do not mind those who are trying to bring you down. They do it because they have to be below you.
Who said English is easy? please fill this blank either with "YES" or "NO" ______,I am a pig xD
Not many things are more American than hating your job
Finally watching the new #Sweetie Pies episode. Even though I’m catching it very very late. Lol
I’m a big ass baby when it comes to my Dad.
Am I the last person to find out about this Live PD show on A&E? Fkn amazing. #Live P D #a&e # M e r i c a
48. i have no fuckin idea
today was my last day at build a bear and i’m gonna miss it
Idc what time it is. My dad will always reply to me!
am I the only 20-something year old that still likes to go out & drink?
“If we all did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves.” T.A.E
Wow I can’t drink anymore , New Years ruined me
1/7 - 1/8- 25% Off Everything Start- Sunday, 1/7/18 at 12-00 am PT End- Monday, 1/8/18 at 11-59 pm PT
do people still omegle. is omegle still cool
Fuuuuuuck Good thing I got my fleece sheets
Lol oops just accidentally gave this girl at the club the most dirtiest look. I’ve never seen someone look so scared
Just trying to clean my mess of a life up and how good is not living in chaos tho
So mad I dropped my phone
When you walk on your room and it's the warmest room in the house... OMG...
im down in the fucking varrock sewer with an ironplate skirt and sword......... i do NOT remember makin an acct with this email and if i did shouldn't i have gotten to keep my username instead of loggin into shitty nuscape to make one?
Dont ever let anyone with bad eyebrows tell you how to live your life....
I hate you, I love you
Harristown weather 3:00 PM|Temp: 33.3C|Feel: 32.8C|Hum: 26%|Wind: 9.7 km/h E|Baro: 1012.3 hpa Falling slowly|Rain: 0.0 mm
47. uh i dont follow blogs but like bts’s i guess
Lowkey her fat ass be sneak dissing on here
Im getting to the point in life I’m rey stop fucking wit EVERYBODY
thankful for staying no matter what :>>
I literally have twitter for one reason. & I feel like if I delete it , then that’s really me letting go. Which is what I’m being forced into doing ...
"Tigasan ka?" It's a lil bit confusing, i don't know if it is a question or a demand.
i usually dont do lineart i just E and color ya know
How you mad cause you broke
ASIASAT-7/105.5'E LIFE NEWS MPEG_4/HD/FTA RE-STARTED FREQ:4070 H 2963 (C-BAND)
Do you know how often you interrupt me to talk about your problems? Don't get me wrong, I'm hear to listen. What about you? Don't friendships go both ways?
thats enough devvvvvv for me for today
why do we always hurt the ones we love?
love how i try and have a good night in Manchester yet I’m sat in A&E bleeding to fuck. Why can’t I go out right...
i'm tired to walk alone, and no one hold my hand
How you wanna be with me if you cant do simple shit
I just fully cleaned my bathroom (AS IN EVERYTHING OUT AND ORGANISED MY DRAWERS AND CUPBOARDS!) if you’ve seen my bathroom n know me u know this is a huuuge thing
Everytime is the same shate ! Doe worry I know exactly what to do
Thanks everyone, interesting show tonight #Live P D
MUTUALS like for an indirect guess which is yours
Now I’m goin tf to sleep
If you have the power to make someone happy, do it. The world needs more of that.
[ forgive my sad low self-esteem sweetheart. she's doing her best - E ]
A very emotional Jared Goff after the game: “I really felt like we could’ve won the Super Bowl. I would suck 100 dicks to have another chance at it.” What a competitor.
i want a love so deep the ocean would be jealous.
There’s a song in the TRIP movie that Jhené never released, and I can’t stop thinking about it.
Good morning! Happy Sunday everybody and have a good day! ;]
The guy at chuck e cheese kept asking me if I have a baby I kept saying no I don’t have a baby then he told me to hold on , left and came back with 90 tickets and gave it to me # say no more
where does a korean grandfather look for love? ... e-할머니 FGFFUCUCJCCJCU
"I don't feel anything at all . Thats all I can say." -- it seems like Im loosing you.. its like.. its like.. >.< :'( idk..
Haven’t been on social media almost all day
Another hour! It's January 07, 2018 at 08:00AM God loves you Prophet Muhammad Peace be upon him Calls you to Paradise
To vendo Straight Outta Compton na Netflix
Thank you for live tweeting us #Live P D Nation! We’ll see you on Friday at 9pm for more #Live P D
Happy Birthday Papa thank you for making a lot of things easier for me. I love you so much
I wish I could just go back in time, and change some things so they wouldn't happen...
Newly partnered police officers Shiro and Keith coming back to Shiro’s apartment after a bad day and helping e/o clean up their wounds turns into a playful one-upping as they keep taking clothes off to show various scars which turns into a make-out session
I push my fingers into my eyes It's the only thing that slowly stops the ache
Hate posting pics because they do me no justice I’ll be lookin so good irl and I just don’t know how to take pics
Having a headache makes me so fvcking mad.
I need to v e n t,like ASAP
Welp. Who knows of any 2 bedroom apartments? Time to move out.
I never had the words to say but now I’m asking you to stay, for a little while inside my arms .
I live for those heart pounding moments where I feel like I might die but also have never felt so alive.
I don't normally post sad stuff on my main, but I'm just gonna let everyone know I'm feeling pretty bad and I'll take some time off for the rest of the weekend. Gotta think about some things and don't feel like talking.
ASIASAT-7/105.5'E CHANNL 4 MPEG_4/HD/FTA STARTED FREQ:3902 V 2963 (C-BAND) N-TV NEWS Removed Form ASIASAT-7/105.5'E
I spend a lot of time in my head, sorting out other peoples mess, and I find it both time-consuming and therapuetic #INFJ #Myers Briggs # Personal i ties # bitter sweet
Wind 7.7 mph E. Barometer 1015.2 hPa, Rising slowly. Temperature 2.7 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 66%
I never did believe it, until you showed up there and proved me wrong.
I'm not ready for tomorrows class
News Trader knows when to enter the market & this precious opportunity can help you earn THOUSANDS of Dollars every month! #Learn Forex
No Netflix, you don't put a "Skip Intro" options in F•R•I•E•N•D•S
I actually hate how I am so attached to UNLV. Especially when you lose like this which doesn't make sense!
Temp: 2.3 C Wind:0.0mph Pressure: 1021.0hpa Rain Today 0.0mm Forecast: Fine weather # beach le y weather
It feels like to thank the academy, my agent, and ***band plays***.
bad bitches wanna be my bae
Temp 1.1C. Pressure 1023.6hPa Rising. Wind 2.5km/h E. Rain today 0.0mm. UV index 0. Outlook:Fine weather # crew e # weather
I don’t even remember how many margaritas I’ve had like wth
The only thing I respect about this episode is the fact that ole boy from Get Out is dancing to a N.E.R.D instrumental.
They can't afford your healthy living options because they want to survive the day first. Parang yung issue yan sa Mang Inasal dati eh. Unhealthy daw ang unlirice.
I can do without fake love. Keep that far away from me
ik a.c.e fans want sehyoon in the top 9 too but... i don't think it's a good idea to have all of them in the lineup... i want a more diverse lineup
These people who are defending the tax reform saying we can opt for healthy choices seem unaware that some people earn less than a hundred a day so they can't afford your fresh fish, fruits and vegetables.
2018 , let me be thin
Heacham Weather:Temp=3.9C & is Rising.Low=3.6C & high=4.2C.Pressure=1026.6mb & is Rising.Wind=1.6mph E & gust 6.0mph.Rain today=0.0mm.
she blooms whether you water her or not
A day or seem is beautiful.
The snow is almost up to my neck. Me: you mean your chin. U dont have a neck.
i played a song and i was so excited to sing along that i got through almost the whole thing without realizing it was muted
Try our Tonno, Fagiolini e Patate - Tuna from Sicily, warm string beans & potatoes
Wind 9.9 kts E. Barometer 1015.1 hPa, Falling. Temperature 30.7 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 46%
Cb Hugo Dyer now you is bride one tin ox ffsnfbg r e
Wind 5.3 kts E. Barometer 1030.92 mb, Rising slowly. Temperature 0.3 °C. Rain today 0.3 mm. Humidity 87%
I need to sleep but u see I don't even know where my glasses went st this point
Wind 7 km/h E. Barometer 1012,9 hPa, Steady. Temperature 11,3 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 76%
Wind 2 mph E. Barometer 30.343 in, Falling. Temperature 55.9 °F. Rain today 0.01 in. Humidity 99%
After my time using #UTAU a while back, I can really tell when there's 'choppiness' between where the phonemes blend.
Fukkk the shkt outta the Lil Bitch # the hard away
O Allah, bestow on us, by every letter of the Qurʹan (that we read) a sweetness, & by every word (of its pages) magnanimity and generosity.
05:00 7/1/2018 Baro 1022.9 mb Temp 2.1oC Rain 0 mm Gust/hour 19.6 mph E Ave speed 5.7 mph
A snow storm has come. #Dwarf Fortress
Wind 9.1 km/h E. Barometer 1009.9 mb, Rising slowly. Temperature 19.2 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 57%
The weather remains 1° and a few
# C le eve Weather: Wind 0.3km/h E. Pres. 1027.0mb Rising. Temp. -0.3C. Rain today 0.0mm Humid. 100% Sun:05:00
12:00am WEST SPRINGFIELD CURRENT CONDITIONS: Temperature -3.5°F, Wind Chill -3.5°F, Dew Point -15.2°F, Humidity 56.0 pct., Wind 0.0mph WNW, Rain 0.0in. # w x #ma w x
Kinda wanna make a finsta for memes
23:00 Temp: 52.2 F Chill: 49.8 F Wind:E 8.0 G 12.0 Hum: 57% Bar: 1020.16mb Falling|Rain: Today 0.00", Jan 0.00", 0.00" yr # g t x w x
Dance parties of glitch so I had to 200-300ms from his corroded exoskeleton.
watch this growth , im already changing
Salem IL weather data 11:00 PM 14.2 52 pct 1.9 E
Featured Menu Item - Bagels! We have Plain, Poppy, Cinnamon Raisin, Sesame or Bialy
Hemet Weather at 9:00 PM, Temperature 57.3, Humidity 58%, Wind 0.0 mph from the E, Daily Rain 0.00", Monthly Rain 0.00", Yearly Rain 0.55"
I hope I get my hair dyed next month
Maybe the night holds a little hope for us dear
My Super Mario 3D World now
Shitty version playing in Germany want a Nintendo Switch (Neon) + 1,2,Switch?
Reminder that you are all adjusted and the memories had, all because i hate myself
Wind 2.0 mph E. Barometer 30.446 in, Falling. Temperature 31.4 °F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 55%
#Saturday Screams such a great scene with the hand... always been a fav.
Wind 6.0 mph E. Barometer 1027.80 mb, Rising slowly. Temperature 3.4 °C. Rain today 0.0mm. Humidity 77%
Wind 0,0 m/s E. Barometer 1022,8 hPa, Falling. Temperature -10,8 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 48%
Shocked by the e Titans win, but Atlanta withore playoff experience took it to the rams. Tomorrow will be fun
Or so i’ve heard not speaking from experience
If someone told me Gangs of New York was one of their favorite movies I would run away screaming
Watching him put our kiddos to bed one by one breaks my heart. I’m not ready to be alone again. I’m not ready to say our “I’ll be seeing yous.”
Up Country Maui Weather 7:00 PM partly cloudy Wind 9.4 MPH E. Baro 30.076 in. Temp 64.0 F. Rain 0.00 in. Humidity 87% %23fb
Wind 5.7 km/h E. Barometer 1017.0 hPa, Falling. Temperature 30.4 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 45%
And we have a winner for Worst Actor tonight. Not to be mean but her crying couldn’t be less convincing. # l i v e p d
im probably the only girl who doesn't get her nails done on the regular
why this saturday die so quick lol erbody lame
It's 2018 we doing brunch and racquetball only
LET’S SUPPORT MAMEEEH AND DADEEEH!! W E L C O M E B A C K #J O S H L I A Back On A S A P
and if it does make a noise I'm like heck. gdi. I'm scratching this s c r e en
I just wish my mouth had a backspace key.
Sometime it still feel unreal that my pops gone
a million dreams is my life song
Honest question: Why can’t D2 on console have adjustable FoV?
im too dramatic for him to handle, yet he finds a way to deal with it
I love the cozy, weighted feeling when I sleep with heavy blankets but I hate getting so damn hot while I sleep. Halp.
A coke and E bender sounds so good right now
OwF It's Sunday already and idfk what to do with my works Self: Gala lang
I'm laughing at episodes of Atlanta like I haven't seen them before. Like, #CRINE laughing
No offense but facebook has to stop showing ads in the middle of videos like come on you're killing the vibe.
kindness is cool kindness is cool kindness is cool kindness is cool kindness is cool kindness is cool kindness is cool kindness is cool
Patiently waiting for the 2nd Sunday in November ... Sudan’s Kween Krewe definitely fucking sh!t up!
I always want to get my nails done, but I always get annoyed when I have them
oh god, i pray Jimin never comeback to twitter, too many fake fans and toxic here.. said love Jimin but hate him getting screen time, and now calling him attention h**...
It’s Saturday night and I’m home all warm in my bed business building and watching I love Lucy that’s perfectly ok with me
You're never too important to be nice to people.
It is not my place, to get in the way of anyone and their children.
pinned a tweet to my new pipe # n s f w #420
I can’t believe that small meaningless thing someone said a couple of days ago is still making me feel and act like this...
I’m forever wishing i can go back in time and change things lol
I never notice how good my eyebrows looked in my avi
05:59 CET: Temp: 2.7°C, Wind: E, 7 mph (ave), 15 mph (gust), Hum: 82%, Rain (hr) 0.0 mm, Press: 1008 hPa, rising quickly" # p y w w s # r os male n # r pi "#
Wind 8,0 km/h E. Barometer 1011,89 hPa, Steady. Temperature 15,6 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 63%
The next station is Tokyo. The doors on the left side will open.
Windows have been sealed. Heater is on high. And my bedroom is STILL ice cold. Frig this "feels like -25C" garbage. I want H E A T.
I'm better than you and my focus different
i’m high asf and just order some food we stg chillin
You put a gun in my mans I put a hole in your parents
You know what, i respect the triple gay
Why does every Walgreens have a missing e #Live P D Nation
finally watched 50 shades darker... oooomg
Super excited to be going to the Spurs-Lakers game on the 11th. Glad it’s a national TV game so the odds Pop rests everyone drop a ton. If anyone else is going, hit me up!!
05:59 CET: Temperature: 5.1°C, Wind: E, 1 mph (ave), 4 mph (gust), Humidity: 90%, Rain (hourly) 0.0 mm, Pressure: 1016 hPa, rising slowly
Guuuuys I need new e moms...
highkey afraid of getting my heart broken again
I saw him last night ghaaad ty. lord!!
Ugh I have to be up so early tmrw
so should i do a tweet for an anne with an e gc or will it just be ignored
Hahaha, she glanced up to see if he was watching her fake cry. #Live P D
Goodness all these marines wanna be my friend and I’m like nope I’m good being alone lol
Know you still wish this was yours
Btw my name is spelled Courtnee spelled with two e’s
I hope you're sure What you're looking for Cause i'm not good at making promises
We didn’t actually hug because I’m highly contagious for 24 hours. But I did buy her emergen-c which is a medicinal hug of sorts so...?
Rediscovered my love for investing over Christmas break. Lots to learn still, but that’s the fun part
Ethan boo you look so little compared to Gray. WELL WHO CARES? YOU STILL FINE!
Been playing video games for about 8-9 hours everyday this break... Feeling like a god at Fortnite but also a lazy piece of shit.
Did you know that lip balm could be used to moisturize cuticles? Try some natural lip balms, the kinds with shea butter and vitamin E.
Had to get it the # hard away
it wasn't a compliment you self-righteous piece of shit. weird that you're a christian or w/e because i was taught that this kind of behavior is what keeps you from the kingdom of heaven according to your grown-up fairy tales
Falcons’ defense held the highest scoring team in the NFL to 13 points
hi we are F I V E days away from CAMILA
That awkward moment when you go to late screenjng of a movie but due to no sleep in 36 hours sleep for most of the movie.
I have zero tolerance for stupid ass immaturity these days
God bless who ever created Video Calls
To become the best you need to understand how the best think
E&J honey flavored Brandy is the absolute best shit on the market. That and a stogey tomorrow for the football games, and I'll be in heaven.
I locked my drunk self up in my room but i can still hear everyone outside of my room partying and it’s taking everything in me not to join in :(
You know what? I'm sick of your passive aggressive crap. We said goodnight, but I know neither of us is going to sleep.
Gilmore Girls is a great show
I know the difference between danger and living
i truly wish he killed me that day.
#NEWS Elizabeth Olsen is at the Kings and Predators NHL game tonight in LA.
She looked into the darkness, fixating at whoever could see her. “ I know you are there, don’t hide you fool. “
Done melantak and suddenly it rains. Perfect combination to _______.
Who remembers Dem Franchise Boyz?! Miss being being a youngin rocking wit that. Lol
I swear on everything heartbreak is the worst thing a person could go through, especially twice
Some people you will never please
actually getting lost in NYC <<<<< home alone 2
It's honestly exhausting to be feeling lonely
no other text au will ever be as iconic as this lmao
Why do I always keeping telling myself I’ll get gas later. Then I get on like E & I leave my debt card at home h8 myself
Tomorrow is Sunday! Kids eat Free day...up to twelve years old please. We are open from 8am to 3pm on Sundays..hope to see you there.
Just drunk a whole bottle of wine... I can’t see straight
You don’t believe in yeezus so why you got yeezy sneakers
Yo this Portland high school basketball game had me so messed up it was comedy gold man and why were there actual NBA basketball players there?!?!
Laying in bed with my husband talking about how amazing God is and how we don’t deserve him and his grace and mercy and goodness.
Nobody can be you better than you. That’s the gag.
At jays bar n grill on my level
took nyquil i’m feeling it now goodnight
OHH now I get what „girl crush“ is about , the narrator is jealous of the girl who stole her crush‘s heart so she wants to be the girl with the long blonde hair and the magic touch.. why am I always so late with stuff?
if anyone knows anyone who wants to buy #Magic The Gathering cards or knows where i can sell them, hit me up. i've got boxes and boxes and more boxes of them.
It’s 2018 and these “instagram famous people” are already eating tide pods
That KCP situation is funny but super embarrassing. It’s…unprofessional to say the least
I got a big mouth and an attitude problem. Watch yourself
I love them to death tho..
Something about the timing being wrong
Getting hurt by someone you truly cared about, that’s when it stings the most..
Everytime my ex comes in my chat i make up imaginary boyfriends to keep him away.
Be someone your younger self will need and at the same time, be someone your future self will thank.
Playoff dubs always feel the best
i love you are TOO many female faces featured prominently, like it's our
For example the German word for "oxygen" is Sauerstoff, i.e. "sour stuff" Because that's what "oxygen" means, "acid maker" (both the Greek "oxy" and Latin "acidus" mean acids because they mean things that taste sour)
There are two kinds of pain in this world. One is the pain that hurts you and the other is the pain that changes you
I miss her on red carpets
Someone DM me there’s Netflix account please
The end of the fucking world é boazinha, to gostando
The Bucks Waived One of the Worst Players in the NBA - An E:60 Investigation
I don’t wish my pain on anybody I’m not a get even person I let karma play
I think it’s weird how people refer to blue pit bulls as “blue noses” like they’re a different breed but it’s literally just a color thing lmao
*younger bro has a new haircut* jaime: nice, ano sinabi mo sa barbero mo? younger bro: "...thank you" :(((((((((((((((((((((((
I’m really thinking of taking Luu to Chuck E. Cheese tmrw. Anyone wanna come ?
My timeline needs a refresh because I've seen everything and it's annoying me
I know girl but ... I FUCKING HATE YOU MORON!!! I DON'T WANT YOU NEAR HIM OR ME!! N-E-V-E-R!!!
Hy, I'm Yolanda Brigita. 25 is my life, J.E.M is my love :D ;)
Baby get high wit me join me under the influence
Betta mi jus stop talk to ppl
Aaaaand...we're back to Pot...the Libertarian hill to die on...forgive me if I don't take you seriously when your patriotism is based on "Dude, muh bud"
asma is one of the best things ever happened to me
Then fucked around and lost 40$ on East I got 50 on the next game thou
I have only taken one selfie in my life o n e
I have no problem with the Rams but I’m glad they lost cause of the Wentz injury
Rei-chan is so cute~ I wanna hug her. COME HER E REI-CHAN. LET ME HUG YOUU~~
If you do me dirty and continue to do me dirty I swear I won’t give a fuck about you, kick dust
“she needs to get on.. find another man” -heather douglass.
To be fair, they’re all related to me.
I’m gonna miss nights like these
I’m scared to talk to my car
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are. – E. E. Cummings
hate seeing the people I love hurting and not being able to do anything about it
Once a cheater, always a cheater. Di yan nagbabago..
She’s not trying to make me any cookies
it should be illegal to serve steak we/ll don/e
I met a couple cool fans tho who took me on a fun journey across the universe I also met some evil fans who screamed at me to quote pigadgrefm
Please don't tell me that you're going to do something when you're not entirely sure that you will. It is completely OK if you can't, just don't make promises you can't keep.
IH-610 EAST LOOP Northbound At MANCHESTER ST - Stall - Status: Verified at 10:54 PM - Lanes Affected: 1 Mainlane(s), 1 Shoulder Lane(s)
keep having to deal poker at work should probably learn what the winning hands are lol
why do i have a manager that doesn't even do anything. lol
We have a high of 12 degrees on Wednesday. Thank you for the warm welcome, Alaska
JEONGIN: -b r a c e s ! ! -his voice he’s very soft spoken it’s endearing -his eyes sparkle so much just like minho’s
i named my rs character 'webigpoopin'
I hate when I accidentally go into a record store on E and buy a 3D hummingbird picture
I FaceTimed my boyfriend to show him how cute I look while I’m sick. He didn’t answer... he knows I look like a troll. # Scared
Damnnn , Bishes is COLD lol on a cold day , y’all ain’t shyt
mfs on FB be too FTP
I'll be your heinous and slickness
My bunny head butted me so hard I thought she knocked out some teeth
we fall for each other at the wrong time
JSSF-Zle Obhar-Paran 9-Jan-5-PM Te Fikr-E-Sain-GM-SYD Te Shar Goth Me Lecture Program Thendo Sindhi Shagrdn-Dostn Khe Shrkt G Dawt Nor Deshi
RT this if you a saints fan and you got drafts full of tweets you can’t get off
I will be right back in the nail shop tomorrow cus there is no way my nails should be messing up . I just got them did today
Namoral to no 3 ep de the end kf tge fucking world e ja to muito triste tipo quase chorando.
Weak minded ass bitches, too goofey n flamboyant with they knowledge, walnut sized brain havin ass bitches
They really recorded that one A.C.E member by himself on his birthday wow how fucking sad
yeri filming joy packing, we already getting joyri and it's just a teaser....... I'm feeling so blessed so b l e s s e d
This lady from Gerald’s Games is my new hero. #Sis Is A Survivor
Olho p tras e penso wtf was wrong with me
I am commission based. Wasting my time pisses me off.
I can't hang at all lmaoooo send help
you ever remember sanvers is the best couple in the dc universe and you feel rejuvenated
But considering it was -10 or some awful number like that outside + that I got diagnosed with strep throat, I’m gonna take it as a W.
Sigh. Beyoncé really is not gonna show us close ups of our children. The twins are almost 7 months now.
IF YOU ARE A DOORDASH FOR THE LOVE OF FUCK CALM YO TITS AND WAIT FOR YOUR SHIT THIS FOOD AINT EVEN FOR YOU
Didn’t they tell you that I was a savage/Fuck your white horse and a carriage
GUYS I THINK TO BE SAFE WE CAN STOP VOTING ON THE POLL ITS CURRENTLY 50/50 IF U HAVENT VOTED ITS FINE #B T Soutcast D4
look at my face while I fuck on your waist.
Like it hurts more when i blink.
“The world was on fire no one could save me but you... “
WHEN IS KHUNLIMITED RELEASING HIS KH SHORTS!!?!!?!
Here's to me being 26 loving life to the fullest
I’m tryna go skating somebody gotta show me how to skate backwards
07/01/45 04:56 | N London: V2 LRR rocket fell on E side of Kimberly Rd, Tottenham N18 in grounds of Edmonton Gas Works. 3 killed.
it's so weird that some music can take me back to a certain feeling or bring back memories
J E Tibbetts - Bletchley Park. Block C. Probably Hollerith operator.
Wtf happened with goonew and oc
“ i like ray he’s cool & he actually talks to us “
If you meet someone who says Five Guys is better than In N Out. Hit me up will find a good exorcist for that poor soul
My WiFi is slow and I still have like 5 essays to draft that’s due this Monday aka in two days so I’m gonna dip b y e
Love this team!!!! Big win tonight #Vol Twitter #Vol Nation # V o l s #beat U K
It’s a mf hour wait for this food my tacos wouldn’t have done this to me.
In all seriousness, I don’t like that we’re favorite in this game
I’m soFt someone come cuddle lol
Last night in E town for a while :(
when i first saw you From across the room I could tell that you were curious. . .
girl come through ... and lets do ... what we do in your imagination !
Anddddd her name will be Allison # May 2018 I cant wait !
Ryan continued: “I’m so pumped right now. Once I get back to Atlanta I’m gonna fuck my wife harder than I ever before. That’s a guarantee.” What a lucky gal.
I’m only lookin our for myself from now on.
luke from gilmore girls is hot
your’e a real pos if you go after friends ex the day after they break up..shit even months after is shitty. close your legs b
2017 = D E P R E S S I O N 2018 = Fun and a few class A's
I love Sundays because my step dad's here and we bond over 50's music while he and my mom cook us brunch. Shet. Pwede din family friendly pala tweets ko eh
Better start digging up some dirt on Michelle Obama, or at least finding out why she's utterly unqualified to hold the office of president. There are some murmurings, though less real-sounding than the rumors about Creepy Joe Biden.
That’s the man version of the “safe choice.” Male socialization got you deathly afraid of marrying some woman who enjoys getting her fuck on.
I didn’t help him take shit to his car lmao. Fuck that.
i’m just ready for black panther to come out honestly
I need a Rih and H.E.R collab
We may not have it all together, but together we have it all. We are not here to take part, we are here to take over.
qual ep da s04 de black mirror eu assisto ps ja assisti hang the dj e black museum
my boyfriend asked me to teach him how to do his makeup... i love Him
Some guys really do irk my whole life
Let me find the mfs who made Fortnite I swear on my momma
Cecil's like oh okay it's just zidane and is regaining his composure yet Frioniel is still like -H O R R I F I E D-
PSA:SPOTS THE CAT JUST LOVED ON ME AND DID NOT ATTACK.
i.e: in the music videos, etc. when will armys stop seeing the boys as little kids
Like idk why 2018 got nigga trying me but When I start acting crazy don’t say I want warn ya dumb ass
it’s my last night at home and i’m e m o because i know i won’t be able to come home again until may
It’s funny what you realize in retrospect, that you never get to see in the moment..
My favorite is when my parents find out I got a new tattoo and piercing in the short span of a week and the look of disappointment in their eyes is astonishing
God really created some scary looking shit lmao
An interview from someone. What is the benefits of social medias?
Best comment I read today: "Women chase wrong men, men chase wrong women. They breed and create wrong kids, life cycle continues."
I played the Sandy Caps mini game in Paradise Island 2, and my score was: 443 #Game Insight #Paradise Island2
i just got sick while i was just laying here
I just hope the Eagles defense comes to play like they did last year vs the Falcons. Thats our only shot
I have 3 best friends & these bitches be catching the feels on the daily.. #Dejenme Vivir
OUTCAST IS GIVING ME SO MUCH S T R E S S #B T Soutcast D4
now that my canine is broken, i am even more damaged !!!!
Let me stop telling Inga business & stay outta y'all mess
Fuck It I get it again
It’s only 11:55 and I’m so tired
Ion own nobody shit if I do something for you be thankful...
Well tonight Janie and I got hit on by Jeb and Jimmy, two 30 year old janitors at Chuck E. Cheese
Call Me by your name is beautiful film i went to watch it for Armie Hammer and story i watched it for Timothee Chalamet such beautiful actor
Some things are just soul crushing
I never cared to be right, more so understood.
I love boldly walking into a bar with my fly down
The way Jax be lying is crazy. He almost made me believe he didn’t cheat on Brittany
lol i don't expect anyone to care naman e
My three stars for the # A v a l a n c he : MacKinnon, Soderberg, Kerfoot #Go Avs Go
Also selena sweetie your rhetoric is TIRED
for every pic of illium and cadena being next to each other or w.e even if its not romantic at all my life extends 5 years
mexican coke is so goddamn delicious
Can bella go there too please
I told a boy i couldnt go to his because i was on my period n that i was embarrassed about telling him and all he said was “how is it embarrassing it’s completely natural” W i f e m e
I can like a lot of you niggas , but I could never date one of you suckas
if vitamin E isn’t part of your skin care wyd?
We don't match up well vs Pittsburgh.
THE RED JACKET IS CHRIS' THE RED JACKET IS CHRIS' THE RED JACKET IS CHRIS' THE R ED JKAC E T IS CHRISIES THE. E T ED JACKET IS R ECHRISES
It's just one of those thangs... I had to get use to baby....
y’all i literally cannot take much more of this
Very intermittent signal today. No phone calls to be made (or will be received for log enough) until Monday
My lil brother always pull up on me i love him so much
So I decided to watch My Girl for the 1st time ever and this movie is so sad
I almost fought some dumb ass because I grabbed a lot of shit for him and his broke ass decided not to buy shit. Basically only took a quarter of what I got for him.
Well been trying to stream flr the past 3 days but can't cause family won't coroperate
I’ll be 30 taking gummy vitamins because my gag reflux is that of a child
I know people always say they're going to be changing themselves every year... i hope everyone gets what they need
I’m really into half of Devilman and Meh on the other.
Late night recruit tonight! Also be sure to check the eRa roster and the eRa Twitter for who’s actually in eRa and who is not. Don’t fall for scams and fake people. Everyone followed by eRa is in eRa. Everyone on the rosters are in eRa.
i have so much stuff (mostly food) im bringing back to school for second semester ugh it feels like im moving in all over again
As much as I agree to work the door in shitty weather, you'd think I was into S&M.
I played the Sandy Caps mini game in Paradise Island 2, and my score was: 368 #Paradise Island2 #Game Insight
Watched "Heather's" tonight on Netflix. I cannot believe I waited so long to watch that movie. It was so good.
Each night I lay beneath the Earth I am tired of feeling powerless With no edge and no reflected light There is something in the way of us
It really feels like all we do is work and sleep sometimes
Blow $80 by myself at Friday’s
Thank youuu friend Love youuuu mwaah
I'm not saying the "bye" week hurt the Rams.Lets just say they looked rusty early on both sides of the ball.
AVALANCHE WIN!!! Final score: # A v a l a n c he 7, # M i l d 2!!! FIVE IN A ROW!!! #Go Avs Go
Writers are not just people who sit down and write. They hazard themselves. Every time you compose a book your composition of yourself is at stake. -E.L. Doctorow #BTD # am writing # writers life
#Now Playing Anita Bak e r by Anita Bak e r - Giving You Th e B e st That I Got # e 3 radio # good music # l g b t #qu e e r radio don e right
Page 7 of 365: Still strugglin with my colds. Gettin better tho
I got issues and one of them is how bad I need you.
Is it difficult to kindly ask me if they want to repost my draws?
Is “pretty good” better than good or worse than good?
I want the Jags to win tomorrow so we play the Pats next week.
I'm about to go get in my bed and eat my funyons though... Sheesh...
FAFI wants more beer. ACCEPT or DECLINE?
Watching the animation on db super 122 has me feeling like I’m 10 years old watching goku fight Majin buu with vegeta
I'm through paying t-mobile 130$ a month just for me to have a dry ass phone
There’s no redemption from where I have sent them, I had to take back the helping hand that I lent them
not all my posts are related to you it's just a matter of time na nakakarelate ako
My friends hype up all my ‘bad’ decisions & I luv it! Out here livin my best life:)
Sleeping with your cat is worse than sleeping with your enemy, as I reckon your enemy might let you get some sleep....
Talk talk all you do is talk
Y’all ever just chilling not even tryna make a snap but yo on there being cute cause you’s mad cute
Bangtan Love this year pls pls pls
As long as God is involved in your situation, victory is guaranteed!
Came over after work to spend some quality time with my bf and ended up falling asleep on him. Woke up, ready to talk, and he’s asleep
Who are these people and what world do they live in where they "Don't know if they have a warrant"? I happen to know...I have NO warrants...it's really just that simple # l i v e p d nation
But, the # F in esse remix is still a good bop
Samantha is just one beautiful lady..
She’s what u call l o v e
Dude it's EXO we're talking about. E-X-O
I played the Sandy Caps mini game in Paradise Island 2, and my score was: 349 #Game Insight #Paradise Island2
The rams were 4-5 at home & 7-1 on the road. What was the difference in play?
My heart is broken Michael B Jordan got a girlfriend He was the love of my life
Sometimes you have to let a dream die.
You mean a Menzies coached UNLV team has already lost two conference home games? No! Who would have guessed? Lol.
JOBS: Sindh Police Constable BPS Or Diriver Disst: Sukkur, Ghotki, Khairpur, Form From Your Nearest SSP Office 25 Jan Zarai: "Sattar_JANI"
soooooo excited for classes to start on Monday
I swear, honesty and loyalty are so attractive to me.
Lmao I’m fr going to get a boob job idc
"Put all excuses aside and remember this: YOU are capable." ~Zig Ziglar # quote # quote oftheday
Drunk five bottles of water today no soda or nun else
I really just like shopping online
Don’t worry Saints fans... the Vikings will only be giving us a tour of the stadium so we can get used to it since we’ll be back there for the SB!!!
“To be heroic is to be courageous enough to die for something; to be inspirational is to be crazy enough to live a little.”
Hey my name is Strinkaringus. I've got a brother named Gregory Tingus. I can bring him out if you'd like to meet him!
There has been a spike in Flu and Pneumonia in th chicgaoland and indiana areas. Keep warm and sanitary out here Yall
When you touched my hand for the first time, I wanted nothing more than to hold it forever..
Where did this rain come from?
A Truck is broken down Link road towards Super Highway one track is closed for traffic, traffic is plying other track please drive carefully staff is present and managing traffic. TRAFFIC AWARENESS AND SOCIAL MEDIA UNIT DIG TRAFFIC KARACHI.
Will you catch me when i fall?
I could love you just like that. And I could leave you just this fast.
Zambian Hungry Lion employees should date their fellow Hungry Lion employees. Cholera one side. #Date One Side
lowkey not a fan of the outcast au being sent to bts just so they,,, get top social 50??? or w/e??? as if they wouldnt get it anyway???
On da coast fuckin off tonight. Saint game tomorrow. Fwm if u outchea
If you are religious by all means keep being religious
The sun never sets if you keep moving forward.
That ugly laugh when you read something funny
the end of the fucking world é fucking maravilhosa e fucking estranha
Every time I set a goal I don’t stop until I reach it never say I can’t
it's a little bit funny, this feeling inside. i'm not one of those who can, easily hide. i don't have much money, but boy if i did, i'd buy a big house where, we both could l i v e.
Spent the night painting decor for my apartment with my niece my heart is happy <3
I feel like im getting real distant from ppl but idc y’all fake and GOMN now good fucking night
I stay getting sick right before my birthday
Alarm is set hopefully I can go to sleep in a fee so I can be ready...
Like Devilman is cool. But I wish everyone whos deciding to watch Anime for the first time in years was watching Land of the Lustrous
no offense but i really thought e*o's old songs are the best and the real bops in kpop, yeah i mean most of their new songs aren't as good as the old ones..... just saying my opinion fam i like them
What happened to Monday is a good ass movie, on me.
The fact that man has not explored the whole ocean but everytime we go deeper into it we find some scary ass shit lmao
How could I forget? My memory never faded...
that’s all I came to do now I’m logging back off because I’m really not doing well. bye bye
BRO shits fucking crazy to know that even the people that i called family no longer look for me! Shit speaks hella volume. Goes to show much much you really mean to people
ion throw niggas on my page they don’t make my gram cause my other nigga might get mad but ima take my chance
Concussion ball playoffs started today and it’s not completely ruling my TL. I’m sure it’ll pick up next week.
like this to give me luck to hit
I probably will forever be afraid to bring a highlighter with me when traveling because of what happened to my champagne pop in California
Need to go get some Wendy’s
You tried to become my conqueror and instead became my muse. # dim p le verse
Sometimes you have to forget what's gone, appreciate what still remains and look forward to what's coming next. #M I H Oin2018
One day someone will walk into your life and make you see what George Strait was talking about in all those love songs.
IM WATCHING THE SPONGEBOB MUSICAL BOOTLEG WITH MY QPPS IM SO HAPPY
It’s 2018 and y’all niggas still fronting on social media
I knew that twitter profile thing was fishy, lucky I revoked apps access for it
I love it when we kick it , fuck that he say she say it ain’t nobody business
#TRUMP told ppl he was "SMART" to file bankruptcy4xs-To take advantage of system Let little guys holding bag Only banks loan him = #RUSSIA!
Yes it's gonna take me that long to go out the door and have her there by eight thirty lol.
I had a drunk guy throw a glass of wine at me tonight. How was your day?
Happy Birthday Chan i hope A.C.E will be successful and also you!! Saranghae
I wanna cry /: why am I like this
i feel like if i eat something ima throw it right back up
It's so hard being a fan of the UNLV Runnin' Rebels.
This playlist makes me sad as hell!
Wing stop sounds like the right move right now
I always assume the worst bc I'm used to the outcome ending up being that way duh
Everyone is saying to stay away from the cardi hype but I’d honestly listen o her shit more than Nicki any day of the week
I would sell my soul to the devil again to go on a drive in movie date again
Jk couldn't finish my burrito and got nauseas
really into borns & mystery skulls right now ¯_(ツ)_/¯
Thankfully the sun's come up.....i shampooed my hair, then applied a hair mask. Found this hair mask on a website, so bought olive oil, honey and vitamin e capsules.....hope it helps my hair
Still salty they shut down saloon bro
My skin is so dry I’m breaking out ty winter
Isaac got the monito en la rosca. Lmao my family is requesting aguachiles and micheladas.
In January 2018 I will only be participating in w h o l e s o m e activities
This #Rock Throwing incidents must really stop! Come on South Africans, why are being so cruel and barbaric to our ourselves! # B o u l d e r s
in 2018 im boycotting all parties that i'm not DJing
Hotarubi no mori e is so simple and cute but also sad as heck.
"We'll be back after 18 months." Don't trust these hoes, Niall doesn't even have real blonde hair
Is there an option on tinder to turn off “girls who are bisexual and in a relationship but want to fuck girls on the side” asking for a friend
“I really miss working out and being healthy” *eats rest of PB pie at almost midnight
I come on here once a year Idk how to use twitter anymore lol
I’m cooking with my brothers K
When I'm down, I get real down. When I'm high, I don't come down.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. #M I H Oin2018
It's gonna be like zero degrees at seven am... What in the heck...
You mountain niggas can't fight. Don't like it ? Fight me. Pussy
I need an all black pit bull and a huskie' ..
As always, UNLV choking in conference play. Sad! #U N L Vmbb
Me: 1k is fine as build up in a pwp Also me: writes 15k of build up before delving into the nsfw bits of Poker Face
Highlights from the fact that In 1966 Al Bundy scored 4 touchdowns in 1 game while….
I can't get over how attractive my boyfriend is
Can’t wait for the day when all my hard work and focus pays off and I have a big house, nice vehicle, handsome husband, beautiful family, and some adorable pets to finish up the perfect life!
ESPECIALLY about ball you gotta be feelin some typa way to come at me that had nothin to do with you
MarioWiki Top */ google_ad_slot = "2362903058"; google_ad_width = 728;e are graves throughout the vault, and Kirby notices that UFJJTkNFU1M=
I'll be Right outside your front door on my 12 speed I got your emotions tattooed on my sleeve I think about you all the time I've waited for you all my life I need you right here by my side
Favorite tracks from Apologies in Advance: Best me Uncomfortable Head games Empathy Selfish Guilt trip Coffee break Grateful P.o.m.e. Perfect imperfections Love & sacrifice 5:55
They don't call him MC Guru for no reason
I’m craving for your attention. E V E R Y. S I N G L E. D A Y.
Wow, people tonight! LEOs have the patience of saints and a strong nose for BS! # l i v e p d
we not together my baby you just cool peeps
I ain’t going nowhere without an invitation. Y’all know that.
Hard to leave alone ? Yeah i know I’m sorry tho
Anyone in the army or another fandom that can help me translate korean? X
Why is there always a crying baby on a flight from Toronto to St. John’s? I think it’s mandatory.
When you realize you have to be up early to go get your child and take her to work....like I don't wanna go....
I guess I’m in for the night
holy shit katie just followed m e
Trying my hardest to stay up
Had a great birthday weekend, I bought myself literally everything I desired I don’t need anything else for a lonnnnnngg time
6 eps down, 44 eps to gooooooooo
the boy e mto foda mrm tmnc
it's youuuuuuuuu babe and i'm a sucker for the way that you move babe
I don't like none of y'all
i need more euijin and yuchan interactions in this show
|| Eu vi esse trailer de The End Of The Fucking World e eu achei uma bosta?
banana clip on my love for you
Baby don’t let me down. Got a lot going on right now and I need you to hold me
You can’t be scary and, stupid bitch choose 1
thought I’ll be mad don’t even CAREEEEEEEEEE
i'm soo ready for the fifa world cup omg that's my shiiiit. i hope i get to go to a game one day.
It’s some scary ass creatures in the ocean
Had my first crepe and latte yesterday. Pretty sure I just became an adult. Didn't like the banana cream latte, but im going to try other coffee s... # adult is h # coffee and c r e p e s # thanks to a friend
me: lmm: LOVE IS LOVE IS LOVE IS LOVE IS LOVE IS LOVE IS LOVE IS LOVE
Wilson and Jost with the assists on Jost's goal! #Go Avs Go
what the— idk both options both have points to me being the actual creator #B T Soutcast D4
Unexpected I love you’s & surprises
Don't worry i got you na e. <3
You will never understand how deeply I care about you
I just went out with my coworker to buy 15 gallons of milk, 5 boxes of strawberries, 6 boxes of blueberries, and four boxes of cookies at H-E-B for the store, and that’s just the food stuffs
I said it last year. I’ll say it again. John Calipari sucks.
i can’t do this omg my blood is literally running cold
“Everlasting. Reliable defender E.L.F… I Love You !” [Kim Jongwoon to Elfs]
Baby these niggas lame they ain’t nothing like me
maps do maroon define a burrisse do homem KKKKK
The older I get the more indecisive I get
I am (eye yem in Yo Gotta voice)
Straight twitter fingers, never have & prolly never will hear yo name in anybody mouth
when you find your dream wedding dress but it’s only in australia
machine by E xo just ca me on !
Ah Mexico really is one of a kind and I don't know why but I have a feeling I'm totally going to end up living in Mexico for the rest of my life
Labag sa kalooban ko makapag paiyak ng babae. I don't make girls cry, I'm doing my best to make them feel so special. Every girl needs to be treated like that. Treat them like a princess or a queen.
legit dont wanna go to work today
Who picks up the balloons that fly so high up we don’t know where they went
You’re not miserable enough if you don’t drink right from the bottle
JOST PUTS IT IN!!! 7-2 AVS!!! #Go Avs Go
I don't even want to watch this episode of super no more
That # A vs goal was Jost beautiful! #Go A vs Go
The Street Life and Music World was never allowed to mix fully. Hence why UK versions of Rap music i.e. Trap and Drill isn't worth while...
IM getting E M O T I O N A L because im rewatching old why don't we music videos and im noticing how far they have come and im just so proud of my boys, and they deserve the world.
What can a girl do to get some money around here?
So DBS has ANOTHER new credits sequence and theme. Which is like the third one this arc. I was really loving the last one too.
If someone is clearly excited about something and you make them feel bad for it...you’re a jerk.
My 2018 intention word: pursue. #Bring It On #Goal Setting
*hangs out with Shelby for 4 hours* *facetimes me as soon as I get home*
I’m going in hiding fuck everything
there’s like a high pitched ringing in my ears and it won’t stop
I guess I had it all wrong.
That binch eri has 2 fucking gfs
A part of me always gets Jealous? when somthing I’m only meh on becomes a breakout hit.
It’s Only the 1st Week of 2018 & I swear I’ve been Tried Everyday but Handled it Bluntly & Got My Way
How do I convert chuck e cheese tokens into bitcoins?
I don’t even want to reply anymore
I want someone who will sing duets w me
You can still turn in forms for the February 2nd-4th trip until TUESDAY JANUARY 9TH. Get them in to core staff or to room 232
Hi whit89771986 thanks for the follow. :)
Picnic under the sea of stars pls
Just decided to wake up this early! Geez, it's still weekend! Guess my system is used to the "Wake Early For Work" mode...
In my track record of mistakes and bad decisions, I haven’t done anything so terrible and vile that I not deserve to be happy. So I’m just curious.
I never wanted to hate, ya know, Just wanted everyone to be left alone. Now I think I'm gonna end up seeing that as utopian.
Got the herb in me lil bitch I'm from the C
Ima shake ya hand when I see ya out then shake my head when you turn around
We all have ups and downs
I clearly didn’t learn my lesson with my nail ripping off last week cause I’m already planning my next nail design... Disgusting.
Im honestly just so excited for nachos aka to eat my feelings
Aint nothing jumping so im about to call it a night. DBZ Super and Chill
someone buy my prom dress it’s a size 4:,) dm me for pics/details
Sometimes, what one person doesn’t understand will be crystal clear to another. Just say it.
It's like the females who don't go out as often are more fun to hang with.
Do i look like a bunny with this ribbon? #Chitoge Bot
Happy January 13th Birthday Selena E. McCollum ~Thomas
also: it was industry vs open source maybe we’d have more than one company to point to
I played the Search the Waves mini game in Paradise Island 2, and my score was: 20 #Paradise Island2 #Game Insight
Are yt women back in style, probably.
ya bitches need to start telling ya friends they look a mess cause that’s a mess
Ando bien Kike Jam ft Plan B yaaa
Lomis: but then like, ano naman?
# F al cons QB Matt Ryan on the win: “To me, this makes up for the Super Bowl loss. I spent so many nights cutting myself to cope with it but now it’s all worth it. I’m so horny right now.” Incredible.
At my age, you don't have to tell me to go to bed twice.
“When life knocks you down roll over and smell the roses”
I never get the baby lmafo
I finally hit 3 rings on my Apple Watch
May god bless me with my next move
Congratulations in advance Mr. and Mrs. Bacala ;)
i really need to study for my phys sci prelims i wanna d*e
Srsly dont wanna go to work lls
i feel bad for e & g .. so what if they have girlfriends ? they’re 18 year old boys that deserve to live life and enjoy it. let them be.
Decided to rewatch Grey's... no clue why. I already know how depressing it is.
Obviously you must know about me talkin all this wet
“But I do it for the homies that genuinely want me to win”
Trending Music News - A Tribe Called Red - "R.E.D." (Official Music Video)
"No one loves me because I'm a monster."
14- agora to vendo the end of the fucking world, vikings e manhunt
Remember Mini Crates are Onsale for $7!
I think I’m a lesbian. It just hit me harder than ever. Purple cardigan, lesbian haircut and I’m about to take a bath. # Epiphany
when i talk about money, all you see is the struggle
fucking hell,,,outcast creeps me the fuck out ESPECIALLY at night
Avg Wind:16kts, Gust:30kts, Wind Dir:82 °(E), Gust Dir:53 °(NE), Water Temp:8 °C at 07/01/2018 04:48:00
Avg Wind:16kts, Gust:22kts, Wave Height:0.8m, Wind Dir:83 °(E), Gust Dir:88 °(E), Water Temp:9.4 °C at 07/01/2018 04:48:00
Avg Wind:25kts, Gust:28kts, Wind Dir:81 °(E), Gust Dir:77 °(E) at 07/01/2018 04:50:00
Water Temp:7.3 °C, Avg Wind:12kts, Wave Height:0.8m, Wave Period:4s, Gust Dir:105 °(E), Gust:18kts at 07/01/2018 04:50:00
tonight was a success, my part is done. thanks to everybody that showed up
ALARM - Fire Alarm - 507 E Monroe St - AFD - 10:43PM
*points gun in my head Stop Why? You told me to be happy
through pets you can find lifetime commitment
If I open ya snap and don’t answer just catch the hint I’m dubbin you
Can I see you everyday? I'm tired of missing you.
I seem to find so much happiness when I’m not communicating with anyone.
NYC for spring break and I’m R E A D Y
When u want a salad but there's an e coli break out on romaine lettuce
Man at the Verge today about how women are bad for not fucking them.
i want to magdump my ak again soon
How beautiful she is. So istriable
just tryna lay up rn pero like
iuri nunca ouviu o good kid m.A.A.d city e ta a comparar com eu nunca ter ouvido culture dos migos.................. kendrick sweetie im so sorry, im sorry this an ugly ass bitch like this would even say that, oh my god
RUNAWAY AS FAST AS YOU CANNNN
Oops, did I just post about my job again?
Eric Garland loudly proclaims how drunk he is after one drink and then gets uncomfortably close to girls at bars
Talladega nights is on . The first viewing of 2018 has commenced
I forsure didn’t want the Vikings next week though
Listening to music and scrolling on Tumblr is very calming ya know. Like I am liking porn and sipping my chai tea. How is that not a fucking good time LOL
Harry Potter now? #Black Glover is on Toonami
Tryna make the dreams I dream about reality.
Early morning music and twitter bants
did they get you to trade your heroes for ghosts? hot ashes for trees? hot air for a cool breeze? cold comfort for change? did you exchange a walk on part in the war for a lead role in a cage?
I’m always getting invited to “go out for drinks “or “over for drinks” but I don’t want it IM FUCKKBG SCREAMING
pray to God my brother don't go nothing stupid tonight
i ate it do I have regrets? maybe idk
i'm sick of losing soulmates won’t be alone again i can finally see you’re as fucked up as me so how do we win?
History - led by some very positive info, were totally wrong in General E.
Just started watching Friends on Netflix as I’ve only seen certain episodes here & there. What did I just get myself into??
also I went to chuck e Cheese for the first time in my life and I prob had more fun that sofie and ally
A while ago, someone told me I didn’t deserve to be happy on curious cat.. and I just want to know what I did to that person for them to go out of their way and say that....
11 hours in a gym is a little outrageous but really there’s no other way to spend a day then coaching & watching some Indian basketball. Go Braves Go!
I’d normally agree with feeding AK/Ingram a bunch of carries tomorrow, but Carolina’s secondary is sooooo bad
I got a ticket for going 45 in 40
so long and thanks for all the fish
Some how Bonnie and Freddy can move #NoteBot_2_0
I downloaded a chrome extension called tab sorter or something that sorts tabs by website. I went from 72 tabs to 32 in 2 minutes
They gone be the same ones asking why you ain’t tell me
Green hair to C H O C O L A T E H A I R #New Year New Hair . . . Balayage by Jamie
K. Michelle // Sleep Like A Baby
i love those type of friends where u can talk to them on any social media app ur on besides imessage, instagram u dm, twitter u dm, snapchat u sc. feels like a friend w u 25 // 8
I am ready for June the Girl to win Destination Eurovision and be my favourite ESC song ever France 2019 yes gawd
Prime writing outfit in the wintertime is no pants, an oversized shirt, and socks
I love how we was in the middle of a conversation and he wento sleep on me.
11:11 My head won't admit what my heart already knows.
I just want to get lost in the Wizzarding World of Harry Potter .
d d do u e no i’m alive
I’m so hungers w h y
I feel like im tripping out
educators on bs with y’all or it’s just me?
And say what you want but at least my parents know who I am and what I do
Personal Injury Collision Yonge St & Finch Ave E [32 Div.] 01/06 23:38 #North_York # Toronto
is it worth trying to sleep at this point
Nigga said bitches don’t even wear perfume no mo they just come round smelling like Hennessy & Flat irons
The dirty birds get the dub
I feel so hurt bruh , it’s crazy
I LOVE long paragraph text messages
E Glasgow MT USA weather 21:50 MDT Temperature 33.5°F Wind Speed 5.6 mph From WSW MaxGust 16.1 mph at 21:22
I make myself laugh soooo much its kinda ridiculous lmaooo
I was doing just fine before I met you
boa noife amo bts blackpink sonamoo red velvet winner e fx adeus
I'm watching greys anatomy crying like a baby
I want to go on a date to the drive in movies
If you're paying in all change it seriously needs to be silver...if you got $4 in pennies you better take your broke ass to a fucking Coinstar. --Sincerely, A Cashier Who Hates You
the only remixes i am okay with are the l.i.e jannabi remix and the rhythm ta rock remix
Redesigned my YouTube channel and actually plan to stay up to date with it. Stay tuned because 2018 is going to be a great year.
I'm sad my boyfriend Todd Gurley II lost his playoff game!
At this point in need food
No was meant the a week be u n hear I am sitting in bedstuffma masked with a mcds steaming
For all the toys in the world people choose feelings to play with...
For those that don’t know, the word “choke” is now spelled C-H-I-E-F-S
Seriously is the weirdest concept, stay with me. Your fam is your fam cause y’all share one blood, but your mom and dad dont share dna except for cum (ew) so, you basically bang someone into your family like whaaaaaaa
my dad and boyfriend are having a political debate and I just wanna go tf home stupid ass bois
It sucks knowing that all you can do is apologize, nothing more.
It was me. This is my fault.
we gotta get out of this town
Smart thing to do tonight is to stay in and cuddle with my handsome hubby. E
I will never understand why people say carmel. It is carAmel. There are two A’s.
I smell the classic ponytail lol
piper: dont put me in the middle prue: I'm not. you're born in the middle.
as im a catholic School Girl on here .. can i say catholic schools are full of holly men with wee Dicks who Talk shit .. god and the holy ghost are Rapists .. and The God who never existed is a Cunt . xx
Say bye bye to Kroger tomorrow
I SWEAR PEOPLE COMPLAIN ABOUT EVERYTHINGGGGG!! DAMN! LIFE ISNT ALWAYS SO SERIOUS!!
Now playing I Know by E.J. Dease!
ongseongwu, how dare you appearing on fancafe almost everyday just by saying that kind of "i love you" to wannables??? well im already melting even i cant see it thru fancafe
ACCIDENT WITH INJURIES/MVA 2500-BLK E SAUNDERS ST, #LAREDO
Reasons to hate winter: 1) Cold. 2) You get ashy 400x faster. 3) Cold.
But I do like that movie Adore with Robin Wright and Naomi Watts.justttt putting that out there
My parents always let me do as I please and I grew up just fine
If that’s yo man you better hold him down
I had a real nice Carhartt. Until my border collie decided to make it her bed right next to mine. Not even mad
That being said, I need to buckle down and finish out these last two weeks of class strong!!!!
Alone part 1 keeps playing in my head
Sooo basically I relapsed LOL!! But it's lit, ima just pretend it didnt happen and do a sleeeep
I aint never been so shocked and mad istg
Why isn’t Enzo ever shocked with things I do?
Kidi - Odo .......my go to song right now
PSA Little Caesars does NOT deliver, have “small or medium pizzas,” or “handmade pan pizzas with stuffed crust” so if y’all could stop calling and asking that would be awesome.
And it's better, you and I, under pink skies
Yo. Anyone down for jam session and chill?
Best of luck in whatever you do in the future, sir. You deserve some time off. The world of motorsport won't be the same without you.
If I could tell Darren McGavin from E. G. Marshall, do you think I’d still be at this dead-end job?
Ok so we ha e a new devil man, a new tiger mask.....so how about a liger anime?
Your attention please. The HAYABUSA 5 for Shin-Aomori will soon arrive at track 12. For your safety, please stand behind the yellow line.
Please stop fake caring about me.
Do I ever cross your mind?
Where your child likes to drive you mad by watching Leonard Nimoy's "Bilbo Baggins" song- on repeat. And then sings it # all the time . # i mg o in g mad #Bilbo Baggins #I Might Be Turning Into Gollum "BAGGINS!!!! SHIIIIRE!!!" # help me # oh god not again # twitching #LLAP # To l k i en # pa renting # mom min g
Once I get in my lil bubble I start thinking the wildest shit
I'm sorry, the officer's excuse "the cameras are with me" does not change the fact that A&E is publishing their likeness without their consent, which is illegal in all 50 states # l i v e p d
Our family has such a problem spending money that when we played monopoly THE BANK RAN OUT OF MONEY BEFORE ANY OF US DID
They have extra heat like 116 deeegreees ?
Psychic Girl (Chloe) now gives Colored-Pencil Boy a neighborhood cat friend. Chloe has a bit of a communication problem, i.e. she's a weirdo.
now baby i'm the ripper, tOMOOOOO just because H E L L bara meme to
And I mean the truth about E V E R Y T H I N G. So in other words no ones feelings are safe
You don't want to start a war with someone you don't want to start a war with
Get ya under pink skies, I know exactly where we should go
I get really uncomfortable after I talk about myself lol like did this person really want to know all that???
There is pain, in the letting go, in the realization that the person you love is becoming the person you loved —L.E. Bowman
The beautiful thing about going thru difficult times in a relationship is watching how it brings you closer and makes your bond stronger
#Saturday Screams I love the dance and the "ahhhh" jump hahahahahaa
I’m so geeked up off yo love I don’t need no molly so for real
I want my makeup done just because
hey everyone today, 30 seconds ago, i realized that “Africa” by Toto says “hundred men or more could ever do” and not “hundred men on mars could ever do” and honestly??? Im devastated
Sincere # faith is a must in this ungodly culture! #Sunday School — thinking about "sincere faith "
My sister just FaceTimed me to ask what kind of lettuce was on her sandwich because she doesn’t want to get E. coli I hate her so much lmfaooooooooooooooooooooooo
Why like this :( it seems like Im not enough to let you know that I love you.
# R a m s RB Todd Gurley went over to and started rubbing Goff’s shoulders sensually. “You’re my QB no matter what boo”, Gurley said before giving Goff a kiss.
Make me like one of your French loaf #Sandvich Bot
To say I don't like living with other people is an understatement
I would absolutely love to make a show like Bottom
I just need your cooperation guys.
I say that now then I think about the 3 whole hours of life it took to finish this...
Trying to shoot my shot is so much harder than I thought
I'm trying to do my hw and I get about one paragraph done before I feel like taking a break yikes
I did, but you failed to keep it.
idk how people expect me to do my job when nothing ever works. i can't do my job if everything i try to do fucking breaks.
I’m really slacking on my mackin because i had no idea Insidious came out!! I need to go see it! I’m like the scary movie queen
I like when the playground (Twitter) is empty because people out having lives and shit. Anyway, I could comfortably be a MC and run around tweeting shit lol
The things you do for your loved ones
I had such a special special day, I feel so exhausted and so good
OUR TO DO LIST NEXT SATURDAY IN PHILADELPHIA: 1. Beat the Eagles 2. Free Meek Mill
I always been a steeler and bills fan as well as a big titans fans and i cant forget my beloved vikings and at heart im a falcons fan ofcourse
Wait a minute, so now yoongi might be a suspect too?! #B T Soutcast D4
Any topic that concerns you, about me and we.. just know GOD knows all your feelings and leads the way to your hopes and dreams, thru me.
I need a smart, beautiful and caring women; is that too much to ask for? Lmao
It’s a must that I keep myself & home happy
Trying to start a coed kick ball team I need more people hmu
Thankful for the blessing of family
i get not stanning/ liking jack and shit because i don’t stan him either anymore but don’t block him out of pics with the cast ?? what ??
i miss my friends so much :,(
i decided to give this season of the bachelor a chance and it’s a couple look alikes .
I was scared of going to philly but not against foles
# Japanese shows on # Net f l i x I would like to watch when I'm done with #Kantaro The Sweet Tooth Salaryman: — # Era sed — #The Many Facesof Ito — #Dadof Light — Finally finish #Midnight Diner
"If I let my 14 yr old sister plan my bachelorette party, we'll end up at Chuck E Cheese's"
Is Noodles and Company fast food?
even asked on facetime “Who took you to Chuck E. Cheese, Mir” Amir so solid. best friends for life.
06:11 4 Lionesses on the road and 1 male in the bush H7, 4.7km E of the Tamboti Camp road Near Orpen Vis 5/5 Tinged by Charles
i can’t wait to get all the tatts i want
I hate myself I ruin everything
lol and so it begins.. shit will always be the same. oh well
Jeup and I have the same reaction when San E called his name as the 4th highest during the third mission's live votes. My boy did that.
This girl is so cute but she keep trying to put people onto Wake Up Now & it's making my heart hurt.
What is this? OOh its an E
Tweet about me i luv it :))
Yung Gravy next to blow up
... Oh my, playlist is playing something from LLLL. I forgot how good The Album Paradice is. e.e
Sorry to say E just start chilling or is it cause he with me
Despised and rejected– A man of sorrows, acquainted with deepest grief.
the end of the fucking world é muito bommmmm
I always wonder how every guy that approaches me was so weird , then the saying “you attract what you are” cams into my life and I now know why
Nobody cares unless you're pretty or rich
let me kidnap you, we’ll run away and never look back. Head Ass..
Not everybody that says; "God said" is hearing from God. Listen with your spirit, not with your ears. # discern men t
I love Finesse, but I don’t think it really needs to have a remix #Bruno Mars
golcha in the kitchen daeyeol: holding recipe upside down sungyoon: accidentally gets drunk on white wine jangjun: eats the ingredients youngtaek: burns down the building seungmin: jaeseok hyung pleas e
Bring iCarly style humor back in 2018
Are they some of the kids they rape & kill on various "private" islands?
This year, you should tell yourself that you are going to be unstoppable and unshakeable. Put your right foot in front of your left foot and move on. Go and become all that your enemies feared you would become!
this bitch empty Y E E T
haha holy shit black mirror is cool af
Arkangel, Hang the DJ e Black Museum foram os melhores eps nessa temporada de Black Mirror
#A S A P Ask Josh Lia Ate Juls How can you Describe Joshua Garcia?
i know whay tou did last summer ah ah
Skin care tip: When you're in a hurry + lack of sleep try using Myra E moisturizer, you'll glow like a shooting star
Don’t you love when I come around
5th_Test ENG 346, 32/2 Overs 15 Vince 11* Root 10* Day 4 AUS 649/7 #A U Sv E N G # A s h e s By Fazeela M
There are a lot of people that are VERY confident we're gonna beat the reigning NFC Champions without our All Pro QB
Tell me ur fav black mirror ep and why
I hate a person who is trying hard to do something that I may considered him/her a friend/s. # Plastic
i don't wanna wake it up, the devil in me
Adventure moved to worried wiper fluid, so now A dwarf works out salty toilet humor. aaaaaaaaaa.
My mom wants me to still try and play football in college and I miss that shit like crazy
This secret santa present is of my friend's dnd character and said dnd character's bf and im really hoping he'll like it but im worried about working with other ppl's characters hhhhhh
*has pageant in two weeks* continues to eat McDonald’s....
The problem with e is it's not defined by geometry
The Haves And The Have Nots comes back Tuesday night
the d.e.n.n.i.s system episode of sunny ruined my whole life lol
Non stop today. Just totally full tilt rushing around to get everything done before flying to a work thing Monday morning. Got a lot done but I sense two all nighters to get the house to the state I want it in for my return Wednesday night.
Is it s u m m e r y e t?
Just looking at him makes me smile even 7pm
Had to block your account and unfollow your ass Yeah, bitch you the worst And if you try to tag me, I'mma start spazzin'
When the shit itch imma just scratch
How does the NFL expect me to sleep tonight
Beat:O3, SUSPICIOUS PERSON at 59XX BLOCK OF E MARGINAL WY S reported on 1/6/2018 8:20 PM, Call# 18000007247
#Now Playing 18 L E - Will Of Iron on #wwcfam.com
12th man is the best I can do so far in pubg, must be my lucky number i keep dying when i get to 12. lol
Sam playing PUBG, gets an epic kill. Announces “I was holding my breath IRL for that one!” I. R. L. He spoke an acronym.
Food parks aka Expensive mediocre food
Love me in the middle of your lowest night
Trying to stay up to t e ll n e k th e fr e ak happy g day # e
Really just want more people to think the word "soup" is funny
This girl so fckn flawwwwww bruh Lol WOW
Oishii mono tabete kyou mo egao nicconicco. by T.G
banana fro yo with dark chocolate chips
/ hi so if any one wants to plot, hmu cause I’ll be here hopefully more often
Can't keep my name out your mouth, eatin' all that dick Jugglin' my balls and shit
im living great im watching wall e
i expect a lot but when you were raised by a dad like mine, you learn you’re a mf princess who deserves it all and nothing less
On god ima kill this bitchh
I want a kid soooooo bad ugh
Black Clover cont 2 amaze me #Black Clover
Working on a horror/scary ish machinima for the first time in a while and now it's a major snowstorm
Chapel Weather 1/6/2018 10:44:49 PM: 16.1F rising slowly 51% humidity 30.444inHg falling E/0.00mph 0.00in rain today
Tou sad, Alone e Horny fml
Finally last exam !! Wish me luck
COMPLETE I-465 MM 39.4 SB at E 56th / mile 39 Right lane closed <= 45 mins due to a traffic hazard
If you’re at Greg’s birthday party, y’all don’t let anything happen to him he’s dumb when he’s having to much fun
Good thing I don’t bet the NFL...would have taken both KC and LA lol
Not a good night for the home teams in the WC playoffs # Chiefs # R a m s
non school-related anxiety for the first time in a while..... . and it's almost worse
"The roll?g stone rol? echo?g from rock 2 rock, but the roll?g stone is dead.The moss is silent because the moss is al?e" G.K.Chesterton
Thread of the people I stan
I hope not to pass the dost exam. Sayang.
I just tried to play SWOLE in scrabble and guess what isn’t a word (YES I knew it wasn’t a word…)
god ok tomorrow i need to get my insurance, and set my birthcontrol shit and fucking figure out what my insurance and w.e fucking fuck me also i need to buy my bed
White ppl love turning food into other food..like here's a pizza but lemme turn it into a lasagna
At this point I’m gonna stop tryna make my retwist last.
I need the Dodgers again to relieve this pain
Every coach that sleep on me will regret it...
I hate when I bust my ass hosting a bday party at work & they leave no tip.. so frustrating
when you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you will be successful. -e.t.
"...but looking back from now, it was merely a matter of understanding human reactions under unpredictable circumstances and frankly, I failed miserably."
its all fun and games until the rat expands to his P O W E R S T A N C E
Whelp this was a pointless run...
tears are words my heart can’t say
why the fuck did i sleep on daniel caesar so long?!!? these vocals are so fuckingn smooth!!!!!!!?!?!!!?! i'm W E T
when I jerk off I cry and feel like im cumming right onto Jesus' face
Ha ha ha ha ha good yes fuck the Rams forever
Any nigga I brought to my house and you seen you always tried to press them out! You was so over protective over your love ones #E
|| I’m so needy when it comes to SL’s and ships This is why I doubt myself so much and write less
the weather is scorching hot and I had to walk all the way up to saujana without an umbrella bcs bus e is not available today
Florido is dyeing some hair extensions in pink
So excited for the Lion King right now at 9. Was just talking about it the other day how I haven't seen it in a long time.
I wanna love you in every kind of way, I wanna please you no matter how long it takes
We won all season and mf'ers STILL wasn't satisfied
I really be taking every sign in my life like it’s a hint or some shit
to do list: wisconsin plates, welding certs, land a job in az, build a racecar, buy seven more cars
Admittedly I am not a Mando Merc or a Fett-natic but recently I’ve been noticing members of the Mandalore Army i.e. rocking the latest Target shirts and the military guy in me wonders about their recruiting standards. No geek shaming intended... just a rando mando thought.
Penrith, West Sydney, Australia has recorded a record temperature of 47.1 degrees Celsius (116.8 degrees Fahrenheit) - 7News Sydney
McVay continued: “Actually that’s a bad comparison since unlike the Nazis, we ran out of gas.” Disgusting.
still have never been to Chuck E. Cheese
liking “hdm” on your ex page will have you single..what y’all gotta talk about? what y’all gotta be honest to each other for?
dear god can i get New Year's takumi please i just want him and chrom to have party times
Y’all please check on family & friends every chance you get cause life to fucking short . Talk to somebody one day & they gone the next !
Ms. Kelly really does the damn thing on E♭5's
Boss up and follow your dreams
In Living Color is the greatest sketch comedy show of all time. Movie, network, live, on stage, on tv, limited series, idc idc idc
Sos I don’t know how tf to use this thing! What is a PS3 Network?!
BREH!! I’m reading the comments on Mama E’s owner’s apology” on FB.... I CAN NOT BREATHE!! OKC IS LIGHTING HER ASS UP
For summer vacation, I'm taking my family to Robert E. Lee's Chapel, Stonewall Jackson's Memorial, Manassas, Gettysburg, Monument Avenue, Museum of the Confederacy, etc. Need to go before our history is erased. #Always Remember
y’all heard #Family Feud ? Jay out here PREACHING
#Saturday Screams i hope the version im watching matches all of yours. if not, sorry that my tweets are off a little
so i went to that dinner tournament thing today and BITCHHHHH i saw the FINEST man i can’t
New N.E.R.D album is fantastic. Check out Rihanna rapping on first track, Lemon.
Discreet but firm. Just like you.
Burned my lips eating spicy crawfish
i like ppl with a weird sense of humor
See you Philadelphia!! #In Brotherhood # F al cons #Rise Up
HIS EYES WERE L i f e l e s s MAN-
i wish a.c.e would release a full album this year.... with a ballad and everything
Six minutes, six minutes, six minutes, Doug E Fresh you're on
I’m so sick of this traditional shit
Only in Trinidad a specific period of a day could be referred to as an entire day e.g. “aye allyuh today is Friday night wa we go do?” Most recently used at the start of Destra’s new Music video, Somebody.
Was told tonight I looked the youngest in the family. I’m turning 25, I’ve two sisters - the youngest is 18 & the others 21....... I’m sure in a few years I’d love to hear this but at this moment? I’m not too sure
Hiw can I get back to my youtube channel with an amazing comeback video? # you tube r p h # you tube r # any suggest ions
i just really can’t wait to eat at the same mexican restaurant after church tomorrow
I have to check my snap every 10 min to see if gray or e posted something, and I get frustrated to see they don’t
I wonder what the world leaders, celebs, etc did to all those kids in Haiti and Iraq and Afghanistan
I’m leaning more toward menstruation at this point because evil doesn’t usually make me feel bloated
Can’t wait to have every other weekend off
Grandma: "I talked to your grandpa this morning... I told him to not forget about me still" 4 years gone today but neverrr forgotten missing you always
Get back on that horse&amp; I'll be behind U holding on tight&amp;away we're gonna go go go!_Ethel Thayer **Katharine Hepburn**On Golden Pond*1981
People keep trying to make me do the Cupid shuffle, wobble, etc. HELP.
All I'm looking forward to is being in the OR and not on the table this time
Everybody got a story... we all ghetto b!
My biggest prayer for this year is that you never depart from the presence of God!..
can i get uhhhhhhhhhhh i l o v e e v e r y o n e o f m y m u t u a l s w e v e r y t h i n g i h a v e
psa: nice, cute, quality, kind, considerate, boys who are interested in more than your body do exist found one someone tell me what to do
Just need more tattoos, more money, a beach, and I’ll be happy with that
Only is yourself worth B O N E L E S S i between ? 2k whole going to
I care about you my love more than you think
I wish this snow would clear up
I get it, I’ll always be second best to you. All my successes in life, you have no concern but concerned over him. I’m emancipating myself this 2018. I’m done. # over it
I’m selfish. I want you all to myself i swear,you don’t need nobody else i swear! I want you all to myselfffffff
I understand people change but damn for some of y'all its a complete 360°
The End Of The F***ing World é mto bom
I just learned something. I could've sworn Jada died in Jason's Lyric.
Theresa May lied about a cat, didn't she. Life comes at you so fast bro I keep forgetting this.
how did the boy get her phone where is she
yey done mani and pedicure :))) feel so neat and clean..
Interested to see how Ruri’s & Taeyang’s r/s unfolds
I think #Fire And Furybook has thrown all the nutty MAGA crowd into a tizzy. They're rabidly seeking out old tweets to troll. Yeah, I've got my popcorn. Sitting back and watching.
Drake got me fucked up lol
My life like a car runnin on E I make it through my day just puffin tree oh yeah baby I’m runnin on fumes and this song ain’t for you I’m taking my time to get back to what I knew
a.c.e. cactus is an instant mood lifter it's like magic
My favorite parts in that song
Can we get a petition for a Space Cowboy song?
Earned some good earnings on 2k just now . Now I celebrate
It’s crazy how time changes people
Befriend your significant other’s best friends and you will learn lots of background information on them
Bel air at McDonald’s just wanted some fries, tried to order.. bruh these idiots are out of fries bruh... what
ryo makes every got dam second worth it , that face , that fucking face with every line of dialog
4gb & 64 gb variant is available at Rs.14999. All the specs are same in both the variants.
“I bet those two having sex smells like b.o., Taco Bell, and a bag of dead leaves”
I just need a boo to go get lost in the mountains with
How to find new friends: 1. Go to an open space 2.Shout "KKAEBSONG" 3. Whoever shouts back with "BYUN KKAEBSONG" then that's it How to make sure if they are the one: 1. Shout "YEHET" 2. if they reply with "OHARAT" then they are the one
No hoes 20-18 means my phone dry asfffff ... bed time
n.e.r.d. getting me through these workouts
Home On The Range Music: Daniel E. Kelley Lyrics: Brewster Martin Higley
The past few days have been so boring I do nothing, go to practice then do nothing again. There’s only so much Netflix and On Demand a girl can watch
-car packed -tickets in wallet app -food prepped -clothes laid out See you fine folk at the slab in the morning. Duuuuuuuvvvaaaallllll!!! # J a g u a r s #DTWD
Somabody toucha my S P A G H E T T
(Wave) SWELL: 1.3 ft at 14.3 s ENE / WIND WAVE: 3.3 ft at 5.3 s E / WVHT: 3.3 ft / APD: 4.5 s / MWD: 94° / 2:30p ChST
The fact that I’ll be 28 in exactly TWO months
i just saw balance for the 7th or 8th time and it was the best yet B L E S S E D
If a bitch play video games she a hoe
I'll sleep first then review when i wake up
No matter what, bacons have always been, and will always be good!
KU won, the chiefs lost... today was a good day
Lmao the only reason I was there is because it was in my feed from a one year friendship thing on fb and I know for a fact it was mentioned to him. What is my life lmao
Cas drunkenly bought a karaoke game. He’s now screaming the lyrics v e r y off key into the microphone, and probably annoying the h e l l out of the neighbors. He’s v e r y drunk. Forgive him.
Holy shit I'm deleting this lmao
Really sick of waiting on people
(Wave) SWELL: 0.3 ft at 11.1 s E / WIND WAVE: 2.3 ft at 3.5 s NE / WVHT: 2.3 ft / APD: 3.2 s / MWD: 43° / 11:29p EST
1/6/18 WEST SPRINGFIELD DAILY WEATHER: High Temperature 17.4°F, Low Temperature -3.8°F, Low Wind Chill -16.1°F, High Wind 11.9mph, Total Rain 0.0in, Length of Day 09:16 # w x #ma w x
RIEN / NOTHING January 07, 2018 at 05:45AM
UKG is up 10X+ from its presale price. congrats to everyone who went into it. they really turned their shit around and are doing big things. i sold most of my holdings but im still holding a good amount LONG term
let’s see if yall are right
I like how my hair naturally bobs when it's the right length.
If u play guitar check that shit out. Then try it.
Even a broken heart can beat again
I wonder if this hoe unblocked me to be nosey
I ate soooo much tonight. S/o to my teams parents for making bomb food
Who would’ve thought I’d get you
why everybody trynn charge me $75-$100 just for braids ? my hang time crazyyyy
i live in a polarized society so when i see that a movie is liked by 50% of people, then it takes exactly one friend recommendation for me to se e it
Me: I think I want to watch a comedy movie. Me: *gets on Netflix* Me: *Starts Bates Motel* Me: Uh, close enough?
Tomorrow im doing absolutely NOTHING im tired
Is that show Black Mirror even good?
I'm not gonna eat crab for another 2 months
Omg I just imagined Hayi marching up to Seunghoon it would be so funny seeing her tiny self lecturing seunghoon about his cactus’ name
Just wanna get drunk. But I can’t do that
Eating toast and watching anime. A tradition.
dang yuchan was really upset about junhee's mistake on the first mission lmaoo glad he was chosen to be the center
So my sister broke my toe two days before school opens
Thankful for the three people who stayed in my life when i was going through the worst time with my depression and didn’t bail out like everyone else. I got crazy love for you three
Gotta make jokes to myself because people throw shade #Really Tho
you’re just a little bit better at faking it than me, baby
Did anyone pick the Rams to win that game
Lets do some light reading shall we.
Ya girl is gonna be bald soon I see it
fuck man , devilman is pretty fun to read
Listening to LANY's pink skies on a sunday morning
“I would like to introduce everyone to my sugar mama,” Me: *walks in, wearing a bag of sugar and an apron that says “mom” on it* hello
The moment when your really tired, but wanna be the first one to wish your Mum a happy Birthday...but, someone beats you to it
Never felt closer to this song I am listening to atm till this very moment.
It's not even 9 and I'm struggling to stay awake, what the entire fuck
the end of the f***ing world é mt legal
Dr. Dre - Still D.R.E. ft. Snoop Dogg
Tumblr hates my crackships. Even my crackfriendships R u d e.
OMG NO ITS A BOY WHA
Don't give people the attention they long for.
when Chris Brown said, “shifting smarter, shifting better, and i ain’t bout to argue with a grown ass nigga..” I felt that shit.
Eyeshadow looking questionable? Put on your glasses. Now you can see & you don’t have to restart! A method.
# R a m s HC Sean McVay on the loss: “It’s a heartbreaker. It feels worse than being in a concentration camp in Nazi Germany.” Wow.
If you could just ask one question to one person and they were to answer it Honestly...who would you ask and what would you ask? (Btw I love you so much) # ask l an g i e
We ready. We ready. We readyyyyy. For yall!!!!! E-A-G-L-E-S EAGLES
Hiding your Facebook friends from whom may I ask ?
i just hate being around negativity. Stay far away.
If I gave you my heart would you cherish it?
Great cast run down by # S v en go o lie - but what was that about Kurosawa?
My bed and I are in such a love-hate relationship
CAT TEXTED ME TO TELL ME MY HONEYS GOT BEST IN SHOW AT TAIYOU AND IM (WIPES TEARS)
"Dating is weird. You got someone paying you compliments and it's not just to get in your pants. It's cause they actually like you."
IN N OUT , sounds good tho.
Find someone who can love you with or without label.
so i called myself trash on my snap story yesterday night, you know, the usual . then my friend slides up and he says ‘hot trash ’ . that is what you call FRIENDSHIP .
#PCH I NEED YOU TO CHANGE MY LIFE!!!!!! I HAVE 7 SIBLINGS. I'M THE OLDEST!
Joss Whedon is amazing. Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. just never stops getting better!
When I point up it's bright, but when I point down it's dark. What am I?
Ya killing me man, ya killing me
Is it weird that being upset can make your whole body ache? Cuz I'm kinda concerned rn
She was Lo, plain Lo, in the morning, standing four feet ten in one sock. She was Lola in slacks.
There's always a someone who is better
Soo tired... but those errands need to be done
some chicken wings sound r e a l good right now
my obsession with lion king will never die idgaf I was deff a lion in my past life
LA trip with the fam booked
The Wiggles are weird because I can recognize them as a group but if I saw a single Wiggle I would have no idea who he was
I'm all of a sudden productive at night wtf
My ex accused me of cheating even though I didn’t, so I cheated on her because women are always right.
True friends tell you when you're being an asshole
Our love for God always needs to be greater and sometimes that means sacrificing the things we love in order to bring glory to God and to receive His blessings.
Shoutout for those of you who got up and got through today if it was rough for you.
One other thing about the mouthy, disrespectful teacher. How many times has she been pulled over it she calls 911 every time she gets pulled over? Quit being trouble. #Live P D
I really really hope I’m not getting sick
#Saturday Screams Sam Raimi said he had so much fun torturing Bruce to make these movies. He's a sadistic bastard and I love him.
i miss the old u a mais top do blackbear
stop sleeping on this tweet. I can’t stop thinking about him in that ok!!
So my 5th grade teacher Ubered me to the bar tonight
when I hit my bed bitch i’m going to be knocked
AND THEY WERE JUST AS ATTRACTIVE. LOGAN WAS THE LOVE OF MY TWELVE YEAR OLD L I F E. NIALL WHO???
# as us reduced price of # Zen f one 3 now available at Rs.11999initial price was 21k3gb32gb16mp rear camera with OIS & EIS4k video recording 8mp front camera with 1080p recording # S nap dragon 625 SoC with # ad re no 506 GPUFULL HD display # t e c h 2 make #and r o i d n ought # j i o
I’m starting to be “adult”. Learning to drive. Learning to go to gym. Ba’t na-e-excite ako?
We’re going to need a bigger bed
Every tongue that rises up against me, shame it Lord.
I know it’s about 15 years past due but: I’d like to start a very casual but also brutally competitive say yes to the dress bracket competition
We made it to the playoffs again. #Rise Up
It’s shitty being treated like shit.
SHAPE OF YOU NALANG DAPAT E
NO vs PIT in the Superbowl.
“get you a straw nigga you know this pussy is juicy”
Thank God for his awesome healing power!
They need to crank up the fucking heat in this bar.
I'm really trying hard not to be as ugly in 2018. I got shit stressing me out, I don't wanna LOOK like I got shot stressing me out.
i dont know what to believe
WHY SO SEXYYYY QUEEN KATHRYN #Queen Kathryn A S A P2018
Maybe I should stop yelling Lesbian!!! Every ten minutes but it’s also 10 o clock so ... L E S B I A N ! ! !
I either win, or wait. No way to lose
Asia just blocked me on my brother page now I’m finna have one of my friends fuck her man with her lame ass
"joe biden would want you to make me pizza rolls" -ry
I JUST HAD THE HARDEST TIME SPELLING THE COLOR GRAY BC MY GRANDMAS LAST NAME WAS GREY WITH AN E BUT THATS HOW YOU SPELL IT IN BRITAIN BUT IN AMERICA ITS WITH AN A AND IT JUST FUCKED ME UP SO HARD RN
I have hot flashes like an old lady I swear
I think. Yew tagged that as Alice and Aster but this this is fine
Joey: Do you know what I mean? Chandeler: Do you? HAHAHAHAHA
I'm so cool with anything it's scaring me. LOL
Why doesn’t it feel like Saturday and tomorrow doesn’t feel like Sunday
i love getting braids they make my hair grow & they are so convenient like you literally get up & go ..
1 mandarin chicken and 1 crispy chicken for my lunch today
Do bunnies have to take the test, too?
it's sad how dysfunctional my family is...
i been cookin that shit now they fuckin wit this
Wish I could find accessories with a cherry-blossom pattern. But this place seems more Nohr than Hoshido.
I get lost inside my mind
I will never go back, only fools would let themselves go through crazy shit like this again
literally just got the new macbook pro with usb-c and my only feelings are ANGER...it's literally been 4 days and I've booked a genius bar appointment to fix a stupid sticky spacebar NOT IMPRESSED
First winning record since 2003. I'll fucking take it. #L A Rams #Mob Squad
I feel like I lack sleep but oh well
Nevertheless, Marty’s greatest offense remains his inability to correctly and effectively select music for his films
I put the 'laughter' in 'slaughter'.
Did some line art on the time I showed up to couples in public and shouts PDA!
The end of the focking world é muito bom
H.E.R. - Every Kind of Way
Hayi probably wants to fight hoony rn
Crazy or maybe? The loaf of bread that narrates your every action?
Flying won't be eSports until the game has been grown.
Figure E shows the correct fashion for ejecting the magazine, also shown is the technique for dropping the magazine for a faster reload.
bless these idiots who knows no shit
I’m just ready for something real
Torres & Coca-cola sounds perfect rn
IT’S NOT WHAT WE HAVE IN LIFE, BUT WHO WE HAVE IN OUR LIFE THAT M A T T E R S
I JUST REMEMBERED THAT I REVEALED WRITING A APH FSNFIC AND LUU WAS LIKE YOU WOULD WRITE FANFIC BUT NOT RP WITH ME?!?!??!?! IMMFMFNFHFBNFHFHF
u make me so happy, it turns back to sad
Don’t let me be drunk. I get in my feelings . Start crying and shit and telling everybody how much I love them
Genesis 6:22 So Noah did this; according to all that God commanded him, that is what he did.
if you get food for free at work but it's unhealthy and you don't want to get fat what do you do
I think they have the janitors working at the Starbucks in Toronto airport tonight: you weren’t allowed to order anything that wasn’t straight coffee, and they didn’t even take the pastries out of the plastic bag. Don’t even think about asking for it heated...
If you wanna impress me, introduce me to a vibe I never felt before
Currently sitting on my couch watching Grown-ish with the hiccups. Such a riveting Saturday night
This lady that works at Hardees in allendale been beating her shit up at work... in uniform... with the headset on. I’m done with hardees.
ok so! twitch offline bg is (finally) done now im just putting links n shit under my stream bc i should have done it a g e s ago but d i d n t bc im l a z y a f
the decisions i make this year are going to shape the rest of my life... can’t miss
somefolks Say... there Was Traces of Blood in my alcoholStream
I love being home alone bc I get to walk around in my underwear
Facebook is for thinking you're better than everyone else, Instagram is for thinking everyone else is better than you, and Twitter is for realizing E V E R Y O N E is garbage
Me des and Mel are all sitting here on our phones playing sims
Trinidad James is funny as shit Currently wishing this emoji had hair
Alright y'all which one of Beast
And if you looking for a come up let me know cause this ain’t that
Okay but: on some real shit. w h o e v e r it is that’s making fake accounts trying to come for me & mines: I’m gonna smack the shit out of you and fuck you up when i find out who you are.
My dad just said I was gross for eating carrots and peanut butter
Agr vou ver the fosters e grey's anatomy sem ela Crise
I done put myself in some bullshit but it’s life
So ready to get my hair done Tuesday! And i’m cutting it
You're free to choose, but you ain't free from the consequence of your choice..
“Oh me? I was born in Harrisburg.” *takes a testing pause* “Oh...but li-“ *has failed test* *readily interjects* “But my parents are immigrants from Vietnam if that’s what you really mean” *awkard tension* “Yea, yea... that’s what i was wondering”
punk band: “I DON’T WANNA BE AN ADULT” E: “I HAVE A 401k”
I’m so thankful today went so smooth & it’s finally over.
just lettin y’all know the movie “bright” on netflix with will smith in it is v e r y good
Ohmahgawd is it really that serious?
I’m ready for my daughter to get here so I can spoil her
14-no momento to vendo 13 reasons why e the end of fucking world
At pitch perfect. There is an entire row of women who have been yelling at the screen the entire movie. Now they have started taking pictures with flash. I couldn’t help but notice the empty wine bag one was holding up in one of the photos
I got cursed out by my ex for literally breathing.
The End of the Fucking World E muito Boa super recomendo
Dude this is scary! #Godzilla Kingof Monsters is a true disaster movie - precursor to all those 70s catastrophe films # s v en go o lie
Imagine casting Cameron Diaz in a period piece. Are you insane
I just bought a shitload of snacks and ordered a large pizza all for myself because I’m selfishhhhhhh
I really don't get niggas bro
qtd from another tweet: "as a field [i.e., medievalists], what are the primary revisions or pressures that we want to put on more modernist-oriented scholars?
Thanks to my girl ima have all the colors of huaraches soon
I love NJPW. Legit this is where all the great talent is right now.
when tweeting lyrics, there's always something behind it ;)
Idk why some of y'all LOVE starting drama from nothing.
i just wanted to sing "million reasons" more than to do my schoolworks haha jk
some of y’all crack cards and deny it like everybody doesn’t already know
I watched my friend play Hide and Seek with her cat. She has definitely reached a whole new level of rock bottom.
i want a friend who claps along with me when i play the F.R.I.E.N.D.S theme song
Those people in New York are not gonna change me none.
When Atlanta win ... don’t even talk to these niggas about football if the falcons ain’t ya team... soon they start just hurry up and change the subject on them niggas
Like this for a pleasant pick-me-up DM. *must be following me*
You hoes just don’t learn you tried it sis
sanggyun didn't take his eyes off of him for a split second
It Has to Be This Way™, 9S
New nominee for person of the Bells instead.
Skin care, hair care, physical care, emotional care, mental health care. Look good - feel good, feel good - do good.
*turns 21* *comes home at the end of the day to crack open a nice cold la croix*
Remember that big announcement for Paints & Praises???? It’s TIME!! God is doing amazing things here, and I’m SO excited!! Please stay tuned!!! #Paints And Praises Calligraphy # call i graph y #modern call i graph y
once you lose someone, it's never the same person that you get back
i don't wanna go back to greensboro tomorrow :(
How do you know when you have completed a first draft of an article you hope to publish? Asking for me. And friends, of course.
I will love you F.O.R.E.V.E. but no R because it would be the end of forever
¿Alguien ya vio A Walk To Remember o Dreamgirls?
Think I’m in love with the Dr. Teals foaming bath shit makes you feel high off life.
IH-10 EAST Eastbound At LATHROP ST - Accident - Status: Verified at 10:39 PM - Lanes Affected: 1 Mainlane(s), 1 Shoulder Lane(s)
Abitol saving my persecution of this place
make make make love e muito melhor demoro
Amplified Bible Genesis 6:9 These are the records of the generations (family history) of Noah. Noah was a righteous man [one who was just and had right standing with God], blameless in his [evil] generation; Noah walked (lived) [in habitual fellowship] with God.
#Coin Pennant A direction into the right investment Cryptocurrency market facts & indicator Trading tips and analysis Technical analysis Copy trading Social cry p to currency trading platform Volume changes # cry p to # cry p to currency # crowd sale #ICO #Token Sale # In vest
when you fantasize, am i your fantasy.
“She was always hungry until it was her turn to pay.” # talks with friends
I really didn’t ask for an insidious commercial every time I open Insta
So sick of hearing about the “Super Bowl Hangover.” Please shutup the Falcons are in the playoffs they aren’t hungover anymore.
uhhhh hahah can i get uhhhhh the will to live
I got mail form the Red Cross saying I have high platelet count. So next time I get a paper cut it’s OVER for all of you.
give me a R! give me an E! give me an L! give me an A! give me a P! give me an S! give me an E!
One game at a time! On to Philly #In Brotherhood #Rise Up
Sometimes we wonder how we ended up a certain way. Looking back it’s been there all along. Just starting to manifest.
I NEED TO DRAW MY DAUGHTER TOMOYO N O W
Should I delete All my social media ?
n e ways im gonna sleep fr now (x2) i need to do stuff today . i have deadlines n so . so bye !
With the way I feel, I'm down to get a whole dam sleeve done
So, who is trying to go half on a plane ticket to D.R and we'll come back when the weather is warmer?
mexican culture is plucking your canas
Me: I wonder what series I can start and binge watch all night Also me: I wonder if I fall asleep right now how many hours I can sleep straight
NOOBODDY PAYYS ATTENTION TOOOOO MEEEEEEE !!!!!
Mfer said they need to see me I’m dead
Tbh i just want to have a female friend that i can hang out with and not be flaked on
In bed drinking a wine spritzer & refreshing my dominos app to track my pizza... #New Year Same Me
That's me in the spotlight losing my religion
The End Of The F***ing World é mt bom
I only blow my nigga phone up with random pics all day everyday
Falcons getting dusted off they play NO. Brees bout to breeze thru the playoffs.
Home is where the heart is...ON THE BUS!
I wish I was like frankie cause he literally never stresses while I stress over everything
i just skrt’d off in yo whip i just skrt’d off wit yo bitch i just fucked yo bitch in yo whip fuck her then i leave her at yo crib
Defends wins you games. Held one of the top offensive teams to 13 points # dirty bird
Bought a car today. 2016 whippin outchea
I question my existence on a regular basis.
Im not saying theyre not racist or w/e idc about that artist
This track it’s a blessing to me. — listening to ed sheeran perfect
I’m a little like....how my youngies gone tespon
For example, Panera and Culver’s are similar in terms of service but I never really go into Panera to take something to go.
Like you follow me on snap & instagram go get one off of there
bruh i dont understand just make my shit B̀ ̧o ̕n e̢ ͏l ̡e͞ ͢s̡ ͞s͜
stress reliever ang ASAP Full Circle today
These niggas say they real but they all fake. These niggas say they proud but they all hate
recently make me cnfuse some shippers na so into it, parang there boxing OTP, esp with Dara, madaming shipping si dara hut not into dating scandal, then pag nadikit si dara sa lalaki and make a new ships out of it, ngglit sila
Wind 3.8 mph (E) gusting to 7.0 mph. Temperature 54.9 F (WindChill 54.9/HeatIndex 54.9). Humidity 090%. Rain Today: 0.00in
I truly say this out of love. If we are gonna do it, then let’s do it right. Repent— Know your triggers, set your boundaries, and do better in Jesus Name. Selah
A lunfardo word with several meanings. It refers to somebody or something from the slums, i.e. low class. It #アルゼンチンタンゴ
I’m feelin like puuuuure da’e rn
Old enough to kno better & young enough to not give af
The road to success is always under construction
Im an hour behind all my friends haha
Omg I got so many story times for my YouTube channel
Which is better? I say Waffle House!!
Of course I hope that isn't true - because that would be nasty
I hate a send me a pic Ass Nigga
#B T Soutcast D4 Maybe were suppose to have the poll be 50/50 because on the bio part of her account there's an = sign .
Within Temptation Our Solemn Hour E DE CAN EBREAKFRM F NEVER ANY – at The Old Ball And Chain
eBAE GETS WTF SHE WANTS dont you forget it
My charm; being such a dory and slowpoke.
Wait do maroon five e muito boa cara
I'm actually pretty sad that I'm going to miss Mardi Gras this year.
The Falcons are probably licking their chops knowing they get an unsteady & shaky Nick Foles next week.
"You do not know de wey."
e btw, terminei The End of The Fucking World e esse ep final puta merda kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
2018, is the year of the 'purge'...rid yourself of ............ ;) 1 Life, 1 Grave, no 2nd Coming. #now Thats Cole
# R a m s QB Jared Goff is sitting at his locker crying and yelling, “I FUCKING BLEW IT!!! THIS IS WORSE THAN 9/11!!!”. Several teammates are consoling him.
Patients want you to guess that they are by the door, knock please
Only 452 hours until my psychologist returns from her holiday
Somewhere there’s a 1928 Porter welcoming her son home: R.I.P. Jerry Van Dyke.
I’m Ready For My Friend to come home
I've missed more than 9,000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. - Michael Jordan
Why are u asking?? Dapat alam moyan
I got my fam n they ain't fake
loving him is R E D
If I don’t see cmbyn in a theater asap I will KILL MYSELF
IHAVE NEVER N E V E R LAUGHED TJIS MUCH IN A DAY IMDJD
I’m not ready to leave my best friend tomorrow
okay, irei assistir meu dirk, todd, amanda, farah, sherlok, tina, the rowdy 3, bart e ken
If you aren't trying to be at the top , don't fwm
Grateful for the friends who help me realize I’m high maintenance they deserve awards.
Whenever I feel annoyed & headachy, I always blame demons but it could just be PMS
HELLO I LOVE MY MUTUALS SENDING ME RANDOM MESSAGES IT MAKES MY DAY ESPECIALLY IF I'M AT WORK
Just cause he got a heart don’t mean he got heart
I just feel like I ain’t deserve that
Wow the eagles have to play the falcons I really wanted to be the saints
I e managed to get drunk while listening to Marky play his guitar tracks.
Literally went through every last one of Paula tweets. Brought back so many memories
It's 2018 and I don't know the difference between Zara And Brie Larson
why did i start drinking at 16 now i drink like a 30 y/o and one drink has me weak
My favorite thing I used to say when I would over react with my nigga out in public would be “ dare me so send dis bitch up I’ll ruin errrrbody night in dis mufucka “
aw people i used to be with is called annoying.
Shouting fuck a combination of a new
“They are (E.L.F.) like the heart which is the most necessary while I’m living.” — Siwon
if i stayed in mexico i probably would’ve been a niña fresa kekekeke and i would’ve had un chikibaby
i only ever really miss being bald from chemo when i’m at conventions and trying to get all my hair in a wig cap... i went to my first con just a few months after finishing treatment and wigs were sooo easy then
I don't have 20k-30k to visit dr Miami so I have to start working out # pinch e probes a
boutta take my ass to sleep
Damn!! It's been another great Saturday Night L.I.V.E turning up like crazy with no drama going on tonight enjoying a beautiful Saturday Night of the night
Lil mama got ass for dayssss
i really hope i’m at least somewhat of a good friend to everyone. also i don’t ever wanna seem fake or something so throw me out the window if i ever do anything but love & support you all. thanks.
X-Files was ok - The twist at the end was the best.
Running off of 3 hours of sleep. Worked open to close, longest day ever
’Cause you did it to her, and you did it to him And you did it before and you'll do it again
same dumb ass shit. different day
I got tipsy so I could talk to John earlier and he went to beeeeeed I’m so sad
At This Point Rather Just Be Homeless Fuck It .
Cakes and I had 3 powerballs with the number 26
“We’re not who we used to be. We’re just two ghosts standing in the place of you and me.”
The next station is Omori. The doors on the right side will open.
I gotta get over you -walwal
all the Seattle fans happy because the rams lost
Tough loss today.Rams had their chances,but couldn't make stops.Too many missed tackles.
OH YEA poods hit 59 million omg E X C I T E
Look at it this way, Vikings fans. Your squad could defeat New Orleans next week ( if they win tomorrow) then the Falcons in the NFC title game. And get your revenge for 1998 and 2009.
yea i’m an ugly bitch... deal with it
"The strangest of all is the marvel that mathematics should be possible to a race akin to the apes."--by E.T. Bell
One word for you Rams.... Turnovers.
Baked chicken, baked Macaroni, Bell Peppers , sweet peas & Yams issa wife!
this is soooooo good im ded # b t sou t cast
Takes bra off never wears one ever again
I started reading this fic this morning coz I thought it’s completed and then when I get to the third, supposedly last, part. Jump to the comments and CONFIRMED, there are still two chapters to go. FML! Ugggghhhh.
Just because you're doing alot more doesn't mean you're getting alot more e done,don't confuse movement with progress...
My wife lives 40 minutes away from me. Im bout to be on a road trip home lol
l have a new sick obsession w rings and it’s d a n g e r o u s
That on and off shit needs stop
Privilege is never having to automatically assume that you have to answer the question “where are you from?” in 2 different ways in order to avoid the second “No, i mean, where are you really from?”
Pop a seal to forget about you
If your a negative person or serve negative vibes, there’s the door >
All do is judge me when you know I left them bitches behind
Niggas quick to yell facts over some shit that’s fiction
When I'm really mad, I will say anything at that moment to hurt you.
the club isn't the best place to find a lover
if you're ever in the I.E. get yourself some Baker's it's a drive thru place and it will make you nut omg it's so good
Don’t watch me you better watch your bitch, nigga
What is the best part of doing it that you do? #Ask Kissa
"We had an agreement!" "That too may change, Klingon." -- new High Teer Maab, STTOS:Friday's Child, which I'm watching right now.. "I am altering the deal. Pray I don't alter it any further." -- Darth Vader
that final score means sports radio update person gets to say “Falcons doubled up the Rams, 26-13”
She is my rock, ock, ock, ock, ock, ock, ock
I liked but have you are not the person you are good
gnt assiste the end of the f***ing world é legal
Ashes_Test England 29/ 14. Jeo Root 10* James Vince 8* #Engv Aus
The only real way to test your strength is by timing how fast you can scoop from a tube of ice cream
Just wanna be high and watching Sex in the City.
A thousand of ya can’t compare to 1 of her
I AM B O R E D
Hina is being question on her comments she made did others where dumb or sab zaban pr tala laga ke baithe hai #Hina Deserves B B11 Trophy
ok listen I got so bloated at bombers that I had to leave, what is happening how could Mexican food betray me like this
Boruto wins every fight with the talk no jutsu like wtff. Team 7 was out here breakin necks.
Mark Davis: The lesser known master of emojis
“what do you do when you’re sad and lonely” “eat a lot”
Yup, going to have to hear all week how Matt Ryan if from the area. Who gives a shit.
An alternate timeline in which Remus kills Romulus and founds the nation of Reme (pronounced with a long e like meme)
“When we are no longer able to change a situation - we are challenged to change ourselves” - Viktor E. Frankl
hey guys, please be cautious and informed while going out to eat. recently there have been multiple cases in north america about lethal e. coli strains affecting romaine lettuce. be smart and avoid ordering dishes that involve lettuce for now!
Starting this year off, losing a loved one!
# Fox 911 interesting show. Ready to see what this season will bring. Loving the well known players in the cast! First episode is cool. Let’s go!
need to go to sm pa e huhu
BITCH YOU THINK IM PLAYIN’ BUT IM DEADAHH DEADAHH DEADAHH
Just finished Stranger Things season 2. My god I love this show.
Out here being suspect as fuck.
just me and jhonny tonight , i love how it can just be us 2 and we can always have a good time
shUT THE FUCk uP bitching will Not make the luggage come out faster plsea
I've blocked everyone in this theater
Man injured in hatchet attack at Central City Mall in Surrey
that’s so weird how if i would’ve never came here my life would’ve been so different
“I hate clubs” *walks into club
Do y’all add me on LinkedIn to help me find a job? Cause this ain’t no Facebook shit where we friends I’m tryna get paid.
Matt Ryan is going to his hometown of Philly next weekend
Hold up I know some people that should post this so I can spam E
You’re a positive motivating force within my life
I want Chicken Alfredo rn but that’s just the fat girl in me
Things I learn from intervention.. you can smoke heroine
I’m kind of drunk as funk ‘tap down those boots while I beat around.. Let’s funk downtown Tap down those boots while I beat around... Funk me downtown’
I'm taking a shit, so u better start taking me seriously.
I got money on the falcons next week against the trash ass eagles team.
Black Desert looks good but has no SEA Server yet
i wanna see the Jags vs Pats in the AFC chip so bad but i have a feeling the Bills going to win tomorrow
Grocery shopped,ran errands,put things in order,made dinner tonight and for tomorrow,baked cookies, cleaned up now it’s time to watch The Dark Knight and cuddle until i KO
I'm such a slut for ASMR it's sooo relaxing and makes me feel all tingly
"you do it to yourself thats why it really hurts"
No hate but Falcons got away with a lot of missed calls. Rams players were held most of the game but not my team so w.e
It don’t make no sense how boring it is
# l r t L I T E R A L L Y
One Word Guaranteed From GOD This Sunday Morning At IBOC 10am Service! R E S T O R A T I O N!! Don’t Forget..... JESUS!
This shit not gone last foreva
I want a butt cheek tattoo
I guess its true when they say "God always comes on time"
Just trynna be laid up.. it could all be so simple
Stop holding other people down because you’re too damn scared to dream off the beaten path.
'Cause every time I open up, it hurts'
Best way to conquer Europe: REPLACE Christian Faith & classic Western Family Unit... with a hot mess of liberal fake-'justice'. Then flood the E.U. with R-selected Africans and a hating army of terrorists. Almost done, yes?
I catch them off guard that way and then attack. That's my strategy.
#Now Playing N.E.R.D Ft Kendrick Lamar & Frank Ocean - Don't Don't Do
Doing 75 in a 70 does not make you eligible for the fast lane. GET OUT THE WAY
I don’t see how people be venting to everybody fr I’d literally talk to myself before I tell another person some .
My house is a mess from unpacking I'm broke from the holidays. I love 2018!!!!!!!!
That fun might be waiting. (Laughs)
What I really want to know right now is WHO IS SETTING OFF FIREWORKS AT 9:38 PM?????
Hang the DJ was 'meh' to me
I love me a good Sunday/e
Nvr been interested in daily family kdramas cause they’re kinda draggy & long winded but Man Who Sets The Table is not that baddddd
Second line Sunday with my girls
the difference eh.. so GD pag may babae scandal agad, link agad so Dee pag may lalake, ship lang... and ship is for fun...
Am I ready to read a chapter that has 18k+ words? Uhhhh, kind of? But I also have to update something…and finish nine other things e.e
Went to Penn Station and they asked for my name I told them Austin .. the name they put on my receipt was Losten ... how tf did you get Losten from Austin
I’ll d e finit e ly smil e with e v e ry t e ar I cry # e
1 song is equal to 1,160 memories.
someone pls send me more winkdeep pics thanks
not to exaggerate but the falcons are the best football team in the world
Apparently a lot of people from back then have evidence on videotape
Man they took my Eagle match-up..... bih ass Rams
i stg ppl cannot take jokes these days
that just had me in tears
Joey: “Hey Phebs wanna help?” Phoebe: “Ahh, I wish I could but I don’t want to.”
Some days I go all out, some some days I do the absolute minimum
H.E.R. always has me thinking about old stuff
this isn't very Edgy but i've been listening to taylor's enchanted all day
kinda wanna make a cc kinda dont wanna waste my time
Ready for her to get here
"A love like this won't last forever"
unlike when suarez left and we got super mario , different manager , different ideas , he wont panic buy , will wait for who he wants , i e vvd , keita
Katy: Don’t sleep with him. Me, half asleep: The only person I’m sleeping with is myself because I’m fucking tired.
Athletes whose names sound like sex things: 1. Austin Hooper, I.E. I got an Austin Hooper last night 2. Dusty Baker, I.E. I got a Dusty Baker last night 3. Goose Gossage, I.E. I got my Goose Gossaged last night Recommendations are welcome.
My nigga asked me if i wanted to move in.. lol honestly .. hell no
You aren’t a friend you’re fake
get someone you love? get someone you need? fuck that get money.
Enkar Emman lok ne ijerbal bwe en Ruo ao kolle. 1 for shopping & the other 1 for bills,rent,food,car and phones bill
like goddamn do i do anything right???? cus right now i really fucking feel like i dont
Catman on this phone doing the most bout some weed
Me: ooh I would like to watch this video Twitter: ok I'll make sure it never plays and says "playback error" every time you click on it
Idiots w/ small ideas are dangerous to themselves and everyone else around them. Think about your future and surrounded yourself with likeminded individuals. #Never Stop Growing
My crown wont fit on ya bum ass lace fronts
I have so much to do Monday I’m overwhelmed just thinking about it
YOU GOTTA BE BROKE ASF TO SMOKE A BLACK N MILD LMFAOOOO
After the paralysis finally wearing off, I slowly got up and stretched.
I ain’t doing shit for nb this year I swear!!
Me: Do you know Yoda? Keri: Do they go to South?
WOOJIN: -singing voice!! it’s so beautiful and underrated imo -f o r e h e a d -this is weird but his ears are really cute pls stay with me
Can’t help but to feel like someone on here is gonna make a fake outrage think piece thread about it tho lol
So tempted to take advantage of the hubbub and publish “Fire and Furries: A Yiffing Good Time in the White House” by “Michael Wolf.” But who should I get to write it?
YALL WHAT IF ITS YOONGI ?? I MEAN WHEN HE FIRST PLAYED THE GAME AT THE START IT SAID “you will be playing as a lost boy” AND THEN THE LOST BOY IS THE CREATOR !!!! #B T Soutcast D4
Nasugbu feelin the old good countryside vibe daaaammmn
I like taking niggas hoes but I stopped doing that
Music speaks when words can't express your feelings
Glad i kno how to hold my own
Recommendations on any American conspiracy documentaries ?
As far as I'm concerned, the Umar Johnson supporters have already attended and graduated from the FDMG Academy. Y'all got schooled in the worst way.
#Saturday Screams ya gotta love the killer camera man! and.. this acting coming up
Ugh.... mother lecturing me Bout me fi drive slow coz is one life me have
(( Gosh. Those thoughts are coming againㅡ ))
I'm a see you n 6 months
RI | PROVIDENCE | CODE RED | 700 WESTMINSTER ST | ST ELIZABETH'S PLACE - FIRE IN APT 207, MINOR EXT INTO CABINETS, E8 CHARGING PRECAUTIONARY LINE, D1 NOTIFIED AND C56, ADDL RESCUE E/R R4
everyones telling finn to iron his clothes but man i relate to him my lazy ass hasnt used an iron in 2 years
ft? text? dm me or like this.
Yall b lame af straight dick riding just to get clout
Pharaoh cooper & Sammy Watkins threw the game away.
Love me some Matty Ice #Suburban Philly
If you dissagree.....well maybe it’s because you’re ugly *patrick voice*
In need of a Turkey Burger with Fries
Every day wake up trying to get a bag
I like being told i have a cute lil figure
There’s so much negativity on social media but like I literally have nothing else to do.
Should I get vegan docs or regular leather docs
Update I still haven’t had any sleep
"The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy"
But no, my gf wants expensive Korean bbq so ig my tacos are gonna have to wait
yooooo what if i would’ve never came to america
I literally heard 3 times today from customers while I was working that “I look too young to be selling cars”
Atlanta with the cake walk of all cake walks to the NFC chip to only get obliterated lol
When u catch your gf stalking your house...
If it was her it would be different ..
Some of you guys need to start thinking with your brain and NOT your d*ck
When you carry dem demons you gotta feed em
jooheon looks lovely can he wear that outfit at the fansign later pleas e
R.E.M. ~ Laughing from the album Murmur [1983]
I really just must give off the most friendly vibes because little kids never cease to stare at me and talk to me
Oh my heart hurt so good ily babe
I’m in the mood for rolling a fat ass backwood
A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.
Congrats to Matt Ryan going in LA and getting it done I am so happy that it was the Falcons won rather than the Rams I am so looking forward to seeing them here in Philadelphia and stay face the Eagles # Eagles
I was stressed so my skin broke out which caused me to be even more stressed and now my skin is breaking out even more..... I want to D I E
"After all, tomorrow is another day!"_____Scarlett O'Hara ***Vivien Leigh*** ***Gone with the Wind*** 1939
Love is the whole, we are only pieces.
Have to say Go Falcons next week
Still working on finding me a lil yeah
Guardians of the Galaxy is the best
lol how annoying is it when u have to pretend ur not bothered at all by something when really u actually do care
I love Cheesecake Factory maybe I belong in suburbia
“ya know ur food baby is coming out when ya gotta untie ur robe” -meg she makes it so easy to embarrass her on social media
i dont have the spoons to actually stan the boyz so for now im a sunwoo akgae
my resolutions this year aren't e that deep like I want to read more books and keep my sanity
I never speak highly about any boys to my mom but man all I do is tell her good things about you
Come over here sit next to me.
icarus account got me crying for a boo i don’t even have
Sunday January 7 2018, 00:42:25 UTC 3 hours ago 142km E of Agrihan, Northern Mariana Islands 5.0 35.0 USGS Feed Detail
12/ Vynos wallet: eth wallet that supports payment channels, this facilitates the quick setup discussed above where you can register with a simple ethereum address, I.e. a long string
I get so sad when I see posts of Tim like legit real tears.
Same with k-pop you don't even know what they singing about and for whatever reason the only people who like it A R E NT KORE AN ON LY WH ITE GIRLS
Assistam The end of the f***ing world e chore SEM entender o final
What makes that robot better than me
Please change here for the Tokyo-rinkai-kosoku-tetudo Rinkai line and the Yurakucho subway line. #series E331
Rei is a fucking psycho. But I still love her like my sister. e.e #Naomi Bot
Jixxi has earned the EverQuest II achievement, "20th Season Adventurer" (Freeport and Qeynos are calling for your aid!) #EQ2
I get paid in full like money making Mitch
Mark 11:24 “Therefore I tell you, whatever you ask for in prayer, believe that you have received it, and it will be yours.”
tamil & ular sawa theres no in between i swear
I need a cookies and cream Hershey
When I got out somewhere , i get tired of driving my car like damn can i ride in the back seat for once
The Rams scores 13 points.... listen, Falcons D is ok...but the Rams offense froze up
Why the hell I come see insidious
Based on the two NFL games today, I think I could be an NFL receiver.
Boy, u know I want your love
No makeup 2018 well except my eyebrows and lip gloss
I forgot I got payed this week I was straight chillen 2 days without knowin
my high school was truly a gem. a magnet school with music, vocal and instrumental, musical and dramatic theatre, dance, visual arts, tv production, and creative writing programs smh b-l-a-k-e-h-i.....
A 12 pack of tacos from Taco Bell sounds so mf delicious rn.
We lost but this team can be very special down the road. We came up short but credit the falcons. They played great defense, and made the plays when they needed to. We will be back. #L A Rams #N F L Playoffs
Now if I can quit starting one thing and switching to something else so quickly. Need to focus on one thing at a time sometimes. I'm literally do that ish right now lol
This is too much. Its hurting meee
I have no idea what to do with my life
rams disappointed, now im going to the casinooo
i cannot imagine a golden child without jaeseok even the thought itself already hurts so much
y’all are so lucky cap season isn’t during the school year, it’s over for y’all after graduation ¯_(ツ)_/¯
I can’t be fucking these dawg hoes , i had to slick on a rubber
somebody play me in cup pong
Jon Snow in that bitch slapped
Washington done pissed me off for da night
I'm feelin' "H Y P E D" Homeworks and studies? Your next MADAFUQUAH!!!
no matter how hard you try to please people they always find the wrong in the little things
The Longest Ride will always be in my top 5 that movie is so great
Now you know who you are playing. GET IT DONE. #Fly Eagles Fly
You change up like I change clothes
always having a good time with the Dunkin girls
It has better wording and I kept restarting my computer to figure out, I'm just a dummy
I'd prefer to be with robots than to be around someone like you
#Saturday Screams Ill give her this... she certainly was cheerful before that beheading
My stigmatism has gotten worse. So Z's look like 2's. 8's lime 6's. C's like E's. And at times I dont even see letters.
I want one of those cute poem books ):
I hope you stack yo money to da C E I L I N G and Not Da R O O F
it’s like none of you can survive without a bf/gf.
The End of the Fucking World on Netflix is a good show, I need season 2 NOW
Yo the Flyers had a great game today vs the Blues. I’m digging Tyrell Goulbourne.
e and dad are drunk and so youbknow we diivussed this lot
nasa point na ako ng pgiging shipper na i respect there choices esp. for people they want to be with... people they want to be friends with...
Marin told me that my butt got bigger and that’s honestly the nicest thing anyone’s ever told me # blessed t my 2018 has peaked
Lol I have to set an alarm for tomorrow’s match even tho it’s at 1015
date idea is putting my 30+ gigs worth of music on shuffle and appropriately deciding which character tht song is a theme for
RT if your NFL team just advanced in the playoffs
If you do not breathe through writing , if you do not cry out in writing , or sing in writing , then don't write, because our culture has no use for it. ~ Anais Nin # writing # writing tips
ZAYN- Dusk Till Dawn ft. Sia
Rams lost YES I'm getting paid
The End of the F**king World é muito boommmmmm
Chiefs blew a 21-3 lead, are they related to the falcons
Ten minutes into Planet Earth and there's already dragon fights this is very fun
i go to work then go hme.. i be so happy when i get in my bed bruhh
When you take melatonin but still can’t sleep
Uga and the falcons within three days. My blood pressure on E
i just felt the aura of a jelly donut
Take me home driver I am an empty soul
School starts in 10 more days and I'm truly going to have a hard time getting up before 11 and having Friday classes ...8 am's are going to kill me
I'm never gonna let you close to me, Even though you mean the most to me
ate agora eu n sei se é "fuck on my baby, I'm ready to bust one" ou "fuck cmon baby i'm ready to bust one"????
Chapped lips r so annoying ugh
A good Sunday to you all
Take it easy baby make it last all night. She was an American girls
I'm literally so bored, I'm staring at my wall
Heck that now Hoseok is really IN the game #B T Soutcast D4
I feel like a lot of # Eagles fans wanted to see the Falcons here at the Linc next week, and now they're coming! Atfer watching their win over the Rams, are you feeling as confident?
I can tell that nigga young as fuck. He corny and can’t take a joke
This has been the most relaxing Saturday that I have had in a LONG time
Classic Duryea calling the timeout way too late. Why did e Aggies have to get my hopes up
I GUARANTEE you Dickie V has sexually harassed women.... can't wait till he gets called out, cos.... FUCK HIM.
I can not wait to go see Maze Runner when it comes out
A menina de the end of the fucking world e a coisa mais chata e arrogante desse mundo socorro
tell Eric Dickerson & MJD to put sum respect on our mf’n names!
My Falcons got that one easy . Smart football boys #In Brotherhood
I actually hate how cold it is
“Would you destroy Something perfect in order to make it beautiful?” ― Gerard Way
Note to self, stay true to self
Need players for mpba season, starting and bench just dm me
honestly, I don't want to stay here anymore
My gf is too spoiled, imma say that rn.
I want my world to start and end with you
I came to Thomasville to visit my parents and I’m at a bar where they’re playing a song that I thought was saying white girl shuffle but apparently it’s biker shuffle. Not sure which is worse.
i voted for kim seokjin fuck my life
I’ve gotten SO much crap over the last few years for being a Rams fan. This was an awesome season and although it sucks they lost tonight, I’m just proud of their winning season.
so tired of lame ass ppl
Ive been skeptical lately... thinking twice on a lot
TA PASSANDO DRAKE E JOSH BROTHER
having a pretty little slut whimper and moan around my dick while i overestimate them, laughing and going harder when they get too distracted to suck
The town I live in was named after Robert E. Lee.
for extra hell i’m just thinking about how this scenario probably occurs so many times in the future, when there’s some sort of nighttime emergency in Whitestone, or one of the De Rolo kids has a nightmare ;w;;
update: i ate the other half of the packet in another 5ish minutes sigh
Last night I thought his okey . But I it was just a fraud at all
No but seriously what happened to the positive energy? Like who decides to vacuum that shit up and replace it with negative vibes. Like nah didn’t sign up for that shit
head feeling like young metro and Pharrell having a beat battle in there.
"Been Fueling Up^ On Cocaine And Whiskey Used to Have a GoodGirl that Missed me Lawd i Wonder if ill Ever Change my Ways"...
captain of the USS emotional baggage
It’s time I start looking out for me. I stay making sure everybody else good, and don’t make sure I’m good.
damn, u follow nick szabo and suddenly u got creeps hittin up ur snap :////
let me sit this *takes a deep breath in* AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASS on you
Y’all go watch Dark on Netflix. Ahora.
Cops drive up, have cop cameras as well as A & E cameras and she's afraid they're going to 'do something to her'. Sounds like a far left liberal 'cops are killing all the black people' believer. #Live P D
Inside you, I'm going to make a private room of my own. Don't let anyone in.
Fuck this life! Can I restart??
i was thinking of jane zhang and ended up watching like 20 different covers of the diva dance from the fifth element
"Ah! What a lovely accent you have!"
Can somEone beat me up plz
big shout out 2 all the other sad gays in that arena tonight #U S Champs18
tryna be sober the whole 2018
Good Team Win Falcons Time to E A T in Philly
what we gonna call rainforests once the planet so dead it stops raining there
Don’t like eagles either but next week please kill the falcons !! Thanks ...
Why do you tell me to text you just so you can not text me back?
11 pm can’t come soon enough
i have literally turned into a grandma
Wild card weekend bring on the fighting Foles #Eagles Falcons #RISEUP
Bruh I'm already feeling butterflies for Saturday's game..
I see resting all those players worked well for you coach Mcvay
Certainly a lot has come out and many already know who the biggest ones are. We just hope the actors can form an army & go up against Spielberg, Schumacher, Donner and whomever else is in their crew of pedos
Probably should not have had ice cream
I wanna improve my art, workout regularly, drink hella water, eat better, sleep more, grow my hair out, excel at my career, grow my bank account, build my car and just be awesome. #Goals Of2018
Single September Only Me October No Man November Don’t Date December Yeah, I got this
Niggas still up to no good even after they just had a kid smh...
I’m going to go out on a limb and say UK had the game of their life against a horrible UofL team
I miss in HS when Ricky and tre used to rap used to have me crying
I actually think the scariest team in the NFC just got knocked out. I think it could anyones conference now
john mayer puts me in such a good mood
I got a lot of hoes more than I can handle baby
I wanna get back to work a whole three days off is too much for me lol
Keep your heads up Ram Nation. You all had an amazing season. Nothing to be a shame of.
the ending theme to Luluco gives me life
I wish someone would just tell me what to do with my life. Cause idk
8/ also, imagine signing up on an adult website without an email, no credit card, no username, nunna that bullshit. just a nice $ETH public address, I.e 0x1bCC86ea03d0C8D27cbDda35200653702e521249 ( $spank is an erc-20 token)
ion understand how people can have hoes, that shit irritating having ya phone blow up every 5 seconds
Love it. Nick Foles and the Eagles D can beat the Falcons.
why are you assuming that he is with a girl? You guys don’t even know. And what if he is with a girl? He is a normal person and it’s able to go on dates with girls and have a girlfriend
Travel plans for this year so far include: Nashville, some beach this summer, possibly Guatemala, and London. It’s about to be a busy year.
family already planning a Japan trip this June goodbye everyone
I heard it again who took the cookie from the cookie jar?~~~
WHAT THE FUCK WHAT THE FUCK THEY CAN’T END IT LIKE THAT WHAT THE FUCK
I wish I have a lot of time to procrastinate.
i just heard travis scott rap with no autotune and i thought wouldn’t be shocked. i was wrong.
IDC WHAT NOBODY SAY, ITS WHAT THEY DO . BOTTOM LINE .
Bedtime fot me hooefully tomorrows a better day. Sweetdreams xx
I thought we was playing the Eagles Wth lol
The Falcons going back to the NFC Championship game and they’ll play the Saints
Excited to worship the Lord with my church family tomorrow, and learn more about God's goodness.
Being extra masipag and all is good but tiring
I honestly just wanna know, does this mean Justin have to work out and keep his body in shape until the day he die cuz of all the tattoos
why you checking if you’re over it?
Pag nabuksan ko IG ko, i'll erase every piece of crappy memory ought to be forgotten.
Ever creep a plastic surgeons IG so deep until you hate every single thing about your body cause same
The world you live in isn't the only world there is.
gostaria de dizer que tocou sns, only forever, heart attack e no promises na festinha
The crowd applauding me on certain websites (it was a plug-in)
once all of bts dyes their hair black at the same time its all over for us bitches
I spoil my bf so much it’s incredible ! Constantly giving him gifts just bc
Two underdog wins tonight? I can't wait to see how bad the Bills lose
Un twreet everything that has been twouossh,, job, e, d,.
Good Morning. 3 DAYS LEFT. BYE.
Wonder how much the diamond testers cost lol
and with Jiyong siguro dahil the jiko 2014, parang i've learned my lesson not to dwell on things that i dnt know and i dnt see... i am more of "what you see is what you get"
If u drag ur feet when u play as a real handgun to a book burning, eh Luigi?
Dammit jus what i needed a typo on a very important tweet lol ugh
"wow your so cool" "yea and you'll never be better than me" e g o
I am so excited to start my graphic novel workshop this semester like it's everything I love together with a teacher who I also love and I just feel so b l e s s e d
Well at least we lost now and not at the Superbowl #L A Rams
"The expression a woman wears on her face is far more important than the clothes she wears on her back." - Dale Carnegie. # fashion # quote
E-SAKUGA have original widget "Tapmation".it is function that TAP screen, can watch consecutive images.
I am SO weird when I'm home alone jesus christ this is where it all comes from
(GOD) GOT A PET WUSSY DEVIL FROM JAPAN
Let that thang take me on a trip...
Rams wasn't experience enough to win.....
I can go from 0-100 real quick. But I can also go from 100-0 just as quick
Some of y'all really be reaching when it comes to your theories, lmao. Most of the time it's not as deep as you think it is (i.e. thinking "hoseok" was telling the truth).
Fucking called it ... bye bye rams. Make me richer
every kind of way by H.E.R is how i feel about oomf
Gonzaga leading 74-55 with 7:28 left in the game.
You know everything thru snap now lol smh
my ear is bleeding so long every on e
Collecting fatbby's boots frm shoe sensation
more buzz - even if the big whigs paying him think that only the "nobody's" will come out
grabi ka qt ni jan. nag performance task atubangan sa computer with notebook and book on his lap.
L-O-V-E LOVE THE WAY YOU GIVE IT TO ME
*Can sing all of Bohemian Rhapsody from memory but can’t say the alphabet backwards*
Where all the positive people at?
Ft w my fav Ry Ry we be going
IM SO BLESSED FOR ALEX ITS NOT EVEN FUNNY!!
I don't believe that anybody feels the way I do, about you now.
We’re ready for you this Saturday, Atlanta! E-A-G-L-E-S EAGLES!!!!! #N F L Playoffs # Eagles
It sounds like a late 90’s white high schools prom in the studio
My best friend's sister is going to have a debut soon. Us: WE HAVE A CHANCE TO WEAR PRETTY DRESSES AGAIN! // Lol halatang wala pang big event nangyayari sa batch namin (e.g. marriage)
I JUST DROPPED 2 SONGS OFF MY ALBUM LINK IN BIO!!!
R.E.M - Shiny Happy People EU AMO ESSA MUSICA DMS
just wondering, which black mirror episode was better in your opinion?
Not everything do that makes you happy is good for you
Someone take a trip with me to Laguna beach
Good job, Rams. Way better than last year. And Scotty Stiggs I only have one thing to add... E-A-G-L-E-S!
The hardest thing about moving back home was leaving my little sisters. The baby, 7 y/o, wouldn’t let me put her down for an hour & cried when I finally had to. & I have to leave again tomorrow
procurando alguem pra conversar sobre the end of the fucking world,,,..,,.,,.,
From tonight's drunk card game talk of Aye Dark Overlord "Dave, you slut we need to do shots and get brunch. Now, what are torches?"
Give it curious Furious in careers then a globe who nytis since
Send me designs of kpop shirts
We just ain’t right for each other
I wish I could jus instantly forget all about certain shit n wipe it completely from memory
copycat trying to cop my manner watch your back when you can't watch mind copycat trying to cop my glamor why so sad, bunny? can’t have mine
Johnathan Williams is grabbing rebounds and dunks at will for the Zags. #W C C Hoops
“You’re at your best when your authentic to your core.” Podcasts are life .
Lmao "one hisbiscus tea" fml pronounciation
3 more hours and I get to go home or smoke a quick blunt
Shuckle is much more trouble than it's worth, and one who intends to build a serious team should stay as far away from it as possible.
Hateeeeeeeeeeeeeeee the Falcons with a passion !!!!!!
Congratulations Matt Ryan for winning your 1st road playoff game!!! Way to Go #Rise Up #In Brotherhood
Submit yourselves therefore to God. Resist the devil, and he will flee from you.
A broke niggawill always have an excuse for some shit
If you see a dark sky, a laughter penetrates my clogged ears. The violence is abusing me. 【TAION】
Scotch is so good, screw everyone that preferd american whiskey
o que a netflix ta esperando pra renovar the end of the fxxxing world??? preciso ver eunice e teri juntas agiliza ai
Next stop on the redemption tour, the Eagles.. Were coming! #Rise Up
I’m chillen w an axe murderer
Okay I'll actually try and draw Itsuki layer to commemorate that two yrs bc im crying this is like happy new yr again
when is it gonna stop lol?
Leigh: J to the E to the S to the Y! Jesy's so hot and I don't know whyyy ©
For the # R a m s to bounce bck after last season 2 make it 2 the wildcard that's an achievement # never give up # P a t s fan
“You don’t even remember your own name? It must be the stasis hangover…That’s not good. Just try and focus, alright?”
Ah there's that feeling of crushing disappointment, haven't felt that in about 24 hours.
[: c e a s e y o u r s p a m I understand y'all hate him but jfc :]
the girl that you think deserves breakfast in bed is leaving a bed and breakfast right now smh
"No--you know me, Elma. It's about a job."
Wonwoos red gloves and pushed back hair B Y E
Hey Marianne No matter what the situation, remind yourself "I Always Have A Choice"
Went to the last shaggy and friends with oomfs who have me a rd now fi farewell dinner.
I don’t quite know how to say how I feel
Was there ever a cooler dude than Jim Rockford?
yes it's true i am now 110% emotionally invested in a.c.e...nu'est please move over and give the new boys some room sharing is caring
Blessings show up in many different forms. Don't ever second guess God's reasoning. #M I H Oin2018
i’m broke and need to make money fast what’s a fast way to make money besides getting a job
traded that toxic shit for sumn godly nye i dont know how to act
Looking unto Jesus the author and finisher of our faith; who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross, despising the shame, and is set down at the right hand of the throne of God.
Home field advantage is HUGE! Oh wait...
Swims to a dark place in the ocean, hugging herself tightly.
i sit down fpr a QUICK. NAP
I learned the hard way that they all say things you wanna hear
But one thing you see about Football it is such a team game where you can win if whole squad performs and plays together as a Unit.
7/1/2018 Time: 04:33 Temp: 2.6 C Barometer: 1017.8 hPa Wind From: E at 7.1 mph Rain today: 0.0mm
Andrew Whitworth 0-7 in postseason play, the world needs him and Joe Thomas with a ring
Rap songs about about an awkward kid sitting in a classroom that doesn't quite fit in that grows up to be the very rapper telling you the story.
will i ever get over you? find out on the next episode of lates depressing ass life
i always thought it was annie with an e, not anne (with an e)
it really be ya own fam not tryna fw you til you cash out or they’ll see that ur boards movin n they’ll ask you all da ?’s in da world but hop on a diff board. fake ass ta’e.
I ain’t even gotta worry about valentines
the usual sunday na igang tas boring
Anyone inherently able to, that is. Sometimes it's funny when people don't know about some of the chemical or physical interactions happening in food preparation, other times it can be straight up dangerous e.g. chicken cooked rare or similar shenanigans.
UK DONT LET ME DOWN CHIEFS ALREADY DID
i’m in my feelings so bad that my feelings are in their feelings
U ever talk to someone so much u start adopting their mannerisms and using their slang and u just sit back and ur like wtf is happening to me
One of the best thing about having your own apartment is that no one can complain when it’s a mess
Nowadays its considered normal to not talk to your bf/gf for a day or how many days and when u guys talk, it's basically too "dry". Then again, its considered normal nowadays
sometimes... i feel.. sobrang graduate.na ako sa pag ka delu... para bang i am not into making up stories for what its already infront of me... the less info the better... but DG pa din syempre... but i started as Dara Stans watching list of his Fanboy.. lolz
hmm... sorry if I can't come up with a good topic real fast.
Next females we got to have communication even on bad terms
WE DID ITTTTT!!!! GO FALCONSSSS!!!! #Rise Up # F al cons # Atlanta F al cons # Atlanta #In Brotherhood
One stupid decision can change your life F O R E V E R. Choose wisely.
Inactive users to be at all.
I’m never gonna be good enough for someone, I guess it’s time to accept it.
My sister bird keeps going upside down
I am a mouse. No one has given me a name yet.
my knob broke and i got stuck in my room hALP
Goodnight Kansas City, Goodnight Los Angeles!!!!
I love having my sister to come home to everyday while she is on break, sisters are so amazing
Can’t wait to go home to hit the Jack Herer
When someone tells you something deep or even if they open up and tell you they think their ugly. respect that, chances are they've been keeping it in and respect you enough to open up.
I’m hungry and I don’t want coney.
We are saved by the blood of Jesus Christ.
You just proved na all men are the same kbye!
Eagles vs Falcons ! My god ! It’s ON! #Fly Eagles Fly
Highest scoring team in NFL only scored 13 against mediocre defense
If I ever do something you don’t like confront me about it, let me know so our relationship doesn’t sour
And I decided to name my PC C.H.A.R.L.O.T.T.E idk why I put the periods,it doesn't abreviate to anything I just think it's looks robot like and its a computer so eh
Wow did every Irish gang lord get to make a nice articulate speech before their brawl
I started rooting for the Rams like the Golden Bears and the ending of the game gave me the same Cal feeling lolllll
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. H. Jackson Brown, Jr. #Inspirational Quote
Initial ramdisk loads below 4Mb; kernel overwrite is possible. O 23.2�`&�auto BOOT_IMAGE �� E�����
I'm still proud of my grumpmas opening I never could have found that sound byte by looking for it
Fuck the Saints. I'm tired of hearing how scared you are to play em.
That Falcons defense is legit. If their offense can pick it up. Serious business.
1/10 stars would not watch again #A T Lvs L A R
And i was just there, smiling. Ok father. Hahaha.
I wore a hat o n e t i m e and fell in love so i drew it in my profile pic. One. Time. Idc tho i love it. Also the drawing is trash. It literally only took 15 minutes to draw sooooooo yeah
this dude will not shut the fuck UP and also cut in front of me at baggage claim :) fuck u
#Fly Eagles Fly Playoffs run through Philly. You bitches in Atlanta play in a fucking dome or whatever. We’ve had our players walk to practice in freezing temperatures, suck a dick.
Jared Goff made some amazing throws down the stretch. Sammy Watkins is trash and Higbee w.e tf his name is a bum.
[ #B T Soutcast D4 ] iM STRESSING MYSELF WITH THOSE THEORIES I FOUND AND I LOVE IT LIKE SERIOUSLY FAM I LOVE SUFFERING
Okay back to normal icon again. The fun part of getting older is over. Lol
I need a gf so I can build her a vanity or w.e it’s called
it feels like everyone is ignoring me today ugh
#Rise Up #In Brotherhood on to round 2
they Keep Telling me imma Dawg!..
Panthers, Saints game finna be FIRE!!!!!
If NFL coaches were NBA coaches then we’d watch a whole game with Andre Roberson having a 35% usage rate as a PG in the playoffs while using Russell Westbrook as a decoy the whole game.
hOLD UP, timothée is the most beautiful human i've ever seen wtf
Here we go! Ahh Bruce... how I have missed you and that chin # sat u r day screams
Oh baby i remember the time you told me you'll love me forever, funny that it only lasted a month or whatever.
Me bout me ready to lef and go God knows where and me nuh get nor pay Bill lol
#Now Playing WINNER IN ME - Judith Gayle on # e g i m radio
It’s not about what you know it’s what you can prove
Church in the morning idc Wah to wear it’s gone be 22 tomorrow
Avg Wind:12kts, Gust:15kts, Wave Height:0.4m, Wave Period:4s, Wind Dir:100 °(E), Gust Dir:87 °(E) at 07/01/2018 04:30:00
trae young very NBA ready but he gotta body up.
Water Temp:9.3 °C, Avg Wind:11kts, Gust Dir:105 °(E), Wave Height:0.4m, Wave Period:3s, Gust:15kts at 07/01/2018 04:31:00
teve tag pra the end of the f***ing world e nem fui, triste
Falcons win. Wolfpack wins. Great night.
I’m jus tryna life but you want some static
This show really pulls on my heart strings.
Avg Wind:16kts, Gust:32kts, Wind Dir:80 °(E), Gust Dir:67 °(NE), Water Temp:7.9 °C at 07/01/2018 04:30:00
All for it, but why is Moulin Rouge trending on Twitter
Avg Wind:16kts, Gust:25kts, Wave Height:0.8m, Wind Dir:81 °(E), Gust Dir:81 °(E), Water Temp:9.4 °C at 07/01/2018 04:30:00
Water Temp:7.2 °C, Avg Wind:13kts, Wave Height:0.8m, Wave Period:3s, Gust Dir:112 °(E), Gust:17kts at 07/01/2018 04:29:00
The moment you accept it It flows right to you....
Okay so I’m at Texas Roadhouse with my boo, should I say it’s his birthday and embarrass his lil cute ass?
#Alexander Lee On S P S new year..positive lang : )
My falcons won so now I can go to bed I have to be at the hospital at 6:00am so God bless and goodnight
I watch Planet Earth likes it's a very intense drama on E! Like, I'm over here crying because a Mom snow leopard and her cub are now seperated and will spend their lives alone. Someone stop me.
Hey, maybe, the Eagles have a shot...
silen kinda cute in an evil way
We don’t get the Eagles no mo.....
i met this guy from chicago and now i wanna go to chicago
THIS. IS. NOT. A. SURPRISE. THE. RAMS. ARE. NOT. THAT. GOOD.
assurance and commitment is what i need for me to fall on that edge of ultimate intimacy
Pizza oven to myself and watching Friday ..
I don't know if yall believe me or not but one of the reasons I started to stan A.C.E was Donghun being savage.
So MA$E just like my IG post... I'm done for the year
If I’m interested in you, imma invest my time into you .
Love Don’t Let Me Go is coming this month guys, mark my words
I hate opening a text that I know is going to make my heart drop.
I really don’t care about anything right now beside getting myself together.
little girl I've been playing pkmn before you even e x i s t e d
Good win by the home team!!!!! #In Brotherhood #Rise Up
Y’all I got a new coat I’m excited to wear it
I’m over here about to cry tryna eat spaghetti I keep biting down on my tongue ring
Fav ko sa mga songs don sa Playlist for the Dead e yung Invisible, For Emma, Alison, Hurt, Mad World, Let It Go at Adam's Song
And the winner for best supporting actor of sports goes to the rams fans. 60,000 starving actors/ actresses please come up and get your awards
KEEP IT 50/50 GUYS THEY BOTH ARE THE CREATORS #B T Soutcast D4
Before i gave him the phone i put the insta camera on HANDSFREE so all he had to do was O N E T H I N G
Good night, kids! Be kind to each other!
“Works at Fulltime Mommy” is the target demographic
The new Jumanji had me cracking up!
Ahhh Lucky Falcons! I bet they lose their next game next week
This defense won this game for us
You only have control over four things in your life---°The thoughts you think, °The vibes you spread, °The images you visualize, and °The actions you take
I’ll take my partner to the next wedding I’m going to
every time i see the bags under tom harlock's eyes i feel better about myself bc mine are just as gross
You see this is why I wait until the Titans play before posting my picks. All three of my teams are probably going to lose, and I feel like I jinxed them
E! is on FIRE with their movie selections today
Stop waiting for permission to prosper
Be the change you want to see in the world.
That moment u grab on ur beer and u find that there is none on ur side and ur only getting up at home!!!
They fact that I know he fell asleep is sad asf
Henry and I can be your D R E A M D A D D I E S (TM)
I need to get out of texas for a bit, I'm going stir crazy.
SO-01G 's Battery level：70% Charging status：Discharge at 13:31:06
Night concluded. Falcons came away with the W and I feel good my night has been successful lol # drinking away the night 2018.
I officially became a mother today
I have my headphones in even when I’m not listening to music
Im beaming with happiness I rlly hope gray is on a daTe
Quadrantid meteor shower: When will this happen and how can we see them?
So many PIs by the Falcons. Woods and Cooper were
I then went back to being how I was.. attitude wise.. being nonchalant as hell & im feeling it.
Been watching movies with my dad all day nothing better
Damn that was almost a pick!!!!
Wgat a nite i feel fooked . Needev to blo ogf sum steam hesds been a shed recently so much goin om n gettin stronger but stilk miss my bella
Absence of DP during President Kenyatta's cabinet naming ain't as a result of interest fall out. DP Ruto is sick and was secretly whisked off to India for treatment. Let's pray for the former ICC suspect to have the quickest of recoveries
Might’ve spoke too soon on this one
I hear A-T-L chants at the Colosseum #In Brotherhood #Rise Up
you make me make bad decisions
Fucking g r e a t.
I’m watching gangs of New York. Oh, Marty. Why
Damn that sucks for the Rams
Them boys did all that to be 1 and done
I'm sorry but neither Steph or KD should be considered for MVP
Gurley is yalls MVP??? Not mine
Y’all Don’t Know What “Traumatized” Is Till You Be In A Situation That Make You Understand What It Is. Be Up All Night Because Yu Dont Wanna Fall Asleep & Dream About W/e It Is That Has You Traumatized. Worst Feeling Ever.
For anyone that knows me I’m back on What’sApp after a break of several months. This or iMessage are the cheapest ways to contact me internationally - using my U.K. number
All sorts of weird and crazy things happen in this world
Despair is a free man - hope is a slave.
Sometimes we set ourselves up for failure thinking we are strong lol leaving room for the enemy to do his thing and end up falling into sin. The flesh is weak y’all. We gotta be wise.
If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it. （Steve Jobs）
Can't even have a picnic without it being ruined...
Don’t like your insecurities get the best of you and makes you wanna d i e
Ugh the WiFi is off cause “a tower went down”
P-H-Y-A-F-E-T-I-C-A-L-S-M I invented a new word
when I was in college I would get w i c k e d hammered, my nickname was puke
Don't get overwhelmed - that's how I approach this.
How you siding w a nigga that talked so much shit on you I can't do it
Im turning 36 next month...leave these fly outs to the youngsters
Someone kill me so my throat stop hurting.
This gearszilla sponsored instagram ad for a telescopic lens for your phone is geared so creepily. 2/3 the footage is zooming on women trying to mind their own damn business. Way to know your target audience I guess? Fucking gross.
Congratulations to Jared Goff on matching Dak Prescott's career playoff record of 0-1.
Tuck the scarf at the ears so it lays flatter .... ithinklikeiknowwhatimtalkingabout
Soooo I might have an extra ticket to Coachella... anyone interested??
Birthday boy doing 95mph in a 45mph is acting too much too belligerent. # l i v e p d
all my friends hate me what a fat mood
do you really have to say that
Girard and Mikko with the assists on Mack's 18th goal of the season!!! #Go Avs Go
I GET WAVY LIKE A BOAT
Keep forgetting I have a tattoo on my neck so I go to scratch an itch and it stings like a bitch
Maneeeeee I have some A W E S O M E friends! Get you some...you can’t have mine...lol
I have more followers than Reds pitcher, Tyler Mahle. Let me savour the moment while it lasts lol.
I’m going to get hot just to get a rib cage tat.
send me a lil baby that gone show me off
//WHY AM I SO STUPID?! This is obviously why I have no friends...
Can someone please come give me a hug thx <3
How do you even smell like that? Get your life.
Bro DBS HAD ME WORRIED VEGETA WAS ABOUT TO GET KNOCKED OUT
it’s only 10 and i’m already tired
Will monogram for an additional $10
Two things I learned this past week. 1) never take hot water for granted. 2) save yourself $400 and fix your own water heater (no matter the suffering)... Amen.
I think the Eagles pass rush plus the fans will give Ryan problems. That + the offensive coordinator being a boob and everyone writing the Eagles off. That's my homer analysis.
I wanna open a dispensary one day with my wife
aaAAaH IM SEING JULIA MONTES AGAIN ON THE ASAP STAGE #Queen Kathryn A S A P2018
Since I can't decide between Taehyung and Seokjin... it's the two of them.. lol #B T Soutcast D4
I've now learned how to say 'no' my friend. So dont be mad at me.
Tough day for many of CBB’s best programs. Hoping # S party doesn’t follow suit tomorrow!
my hurt so good... i love babe.. so bad
Someone please tell me why I cry every time I pray or talk to God
Eagles and Falcons...Should be a good 1... #Fly Eagles Fly
Plus the idea of a Saints/Pats SB is very likely to me idk why
i’m gunna get ya if ya text me all night long
Thinking about becoming millionaire by selling shirts that have the words “Classy, Sassy, and a little Smart Assy” printed on them
It’s not okay how bad I’m cramping up
Dozeli’s just dropped me off the wrong damn pizza smh.. I’m so sick of being hurt
not active on twitter like I use to but when I check, same people complaining bout the same shit.. yall lames af
Independence is better than a sweet responsibility, never win if he must have constantly greater goals.
Heacham Weather:Temp=3.7C & is Falling.Low=3.6C & high=4.2C.Pressure=1026.5mb & is Rising.Wind=0.7mph E & gust 5.4mph.Rain today=0.0mm.
ASAP should be fair to all artists. Not because they're not under Star Magic Agency, e you'll treat them like they're not stars. ASAP should treat all artists EQUALLY. #ASAP2018
It's goddamned freezing on this beach. Montauk in February. Brilliant, Joel.
Vikings vs Steelers still my SB pick
when u pamper urself bc u love urself
Wind 4.2 kts E. Barometer 1031.02 mb, Rising slowly. Temperature -0.1 °C. Rain today 0.3 mm. Humidity 88%
It’s an e not an i
Aid Response - 1024 E Pike St - A25 - 8:26
Whoo, using the slow-cooker I bought ages ago for the first time. # cooking
22:30 Temp: 52.0 F Chill: 48.9 F Wind:E 9.2 G 14.0 Hum: 60% Bar: 1020.33mb Falling|Rain: Today 0.00", Jan 0.00", 0.00" yr # g t x w x
this year is gonna be nothing but like good vibes
Hemet Weather at 8:30 PM, Temperature 58.0, Humidity 55%, Wind 0.0 mph from the E, Daily Rain 0.00", Monthly Rain 0.00", Yearly Rain 0.55"
Weather 1/6/2018 11:30 PM: 31.3F 75% humidity 30.250inHg Wind E/0.00mph Rain today None
I get to see Edgar and Bruce tomorrow!!!!
Will be on point again :3
Can we go for a dank PB
Only the same point of view.
Sometimes I have to remind myself that its explicit, and that it po...
Wind 2.0 mph E. Barometer 30.452 in, Falling. Temperature 31.4 °F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 57%
Tru friendship is when u talk to ur pals and they know u be taking a shit infront of that phone
My husbs doesn't get enough credit for puttin up w/ my attitude havin emotional ass from time to time , you da realist .
me about any collection of nct members: i would D*E for them!!!!!!!!!!!!
A performance always worth the watch. Thats my otp y'all, JADINE!! #Ja Dine Revolution On A S A P2018
Wish i had a boyfriend or some .. I’ll be somewhere cuddled up watching movies
I Just Wanna Get Drunk & Do Some Tricks On His. . .
why am i so excited for my birthday djsjdjdj arent u more likely to d*e on ur birthday
#Godzilla Kingof Monsters is very different to the other later ones - # S v en go o lie was right! This one is quite harrowing...I feel like Burr’s narration is adding to the bleak and frightening feel as well.
count your blessings and mind your business
someone put on All My Friends at Cats Eye and it feels w e i r d
Bruh I really threw up today. It wasn’t from the alcohol in my system, it’s cause this mf really smelled like piss. I had to move my seat.
The P.E Teacher At School Be ’n Me.
In the past month I’ve spent approximately $6,000 on photography equipment.... ramen noodles here I come.
Sometimes i just wanna be dead
Denim should fray and rip on its own, naturally. Right? Some designers tried to go against that, and -- no one bought them!
I just all love for that motha fucka , shady as bitch !
Idk, I shouldn’t be so pessimistic and I should have faith in my Birds but I guess that’s what it’s like being an Eagles fan. It’s been this way ever since I was a kid.
Beberapa hari ini Mal an g ujannya pake petir. Unexpectedly, i love this kind of weather (: # Mal an g
I been smacked all day hi ladies! WE STAN UNHEALTHY COPING MECHANISMS IN 2018!
If 4000+ people scream the lyrics to that together my life is u t t e r l y complete
i wAnt tO bE legAl omG
I enjoyed having the house to myself for 30 minutes and now I would like Zach to come home.. lol
Just wondering — Will Hillary ever serve jail time — How will history be written for this generation — How will Trump be remembered So many things that have impacted the world since the turn of the century .
*aggressively screaming* IT'S SEOKJIN IT'S SEOKJIN NO OTHER OPTION IS REASONABLE IT CAN ONLY BE K I M S E O K J I N PERIOD #B T Soutcast D4
This Syracuse vs Buffalo game is I N T E N S E!
The women in my life thinks I'm 2 picky what's wrong with standards? And please don't do anything to turn me off because we have no future if you do
Why elite trains like # R a j d h ani n # Sam poor n k r anti are late by 24 hrs n express(E) n mail (M) are just 3 to 10 hrs late ? #Wrong Times To Laugh #Rahul Ally Jailed #Train Delay #Sunday Morning #Rahul Ka Sathi Jail Me #India Suffering #Indian Railways # get fit go #The Post #Deeper Routes
Nothing like my dad degrading me for an hour straight about my relationship, school, and the way I live! Lol! Awesome .
MACK SHOOTS AND SCORES!!! 6-2 AVS!!! #Go Avs Go #Mild Suck
someone recognized me for my shirts yesterday and I almost cried. It be the little tings, rns.
keeps freezing up while trying to find a game to join unplugging the system for 15 min helps but what if it persists?
I’ve been half dead all day and now i have all this energy at 11:30
It’s a Saturday night & my happy ass is in bed bc I have to be awake at 5 :)
if i see you and i don't speak,that means i don't fuck with you
Cooper gotta major part in this
just dropped E while watching Insidious ya party!!!! – at Edwards Metro Pointe 12
hey is your bf seeing anyone
any chicago friends wanna let me come over and play w ur pet one of these next few days? could use some fluff therapy
Need someone I can geek to about Dexter
okay not that I care or anything but my 12 year old sisters have like 2,000 followers on musical.ly and when I was their age I had about 20 followers on vine:/
Can I be the meat between your buns
I can do w.e I want
The end of the f****** world is so good
Everyone is gonna have a bad day but you just have to keep on smiling
If you walk around with Apple accessories visible (i.e. white earbuds), you're basically saying "hey, you should mug me!" Don't.
Dinner was good , dishes are washed , time to gts
can someone please explain what the big fuss is over channing tatum?? I still to this day don't understand why people find him so attractive
Grayson looked super hot today LIKE WTF, but in all reality, Ethan will forever own my heart. I’m soft for him and only him
I real life just pulled a muscle in my back and now I can barely move
Cinnamon Toast Crunch really that work bruh
“I haven’t heard from you in awhile.” Yeah, take a hint.
people really need chastity belts until they know how to communicate with one another open and honestly ...
Pay attention people! Pay attention! #In Brotherhood
But when it comes to Teilyn J’Mari Parker & E’Kari Tyran Riley you bitches will get spit on
*MY PARENT w/e my english is bad anyw
climb these stairs E R W I N S M I T H to go to heaven
Easily the best line from this week's HOTR: "[Amazon's] Alexa has the opposite problem of most human women: she never STOPS listening."
When my aunt said she is going to pray for my future husband
That boy Alford the real deal stop playing wit em
When your uber just doesn’t speak when you get in
Going to bed church in the morning
Sammy Watkins fucking been terrible all year man.
ok I am a mess so last night I went on a night out despite not having slept for 36 hours and on an empty stomach, ended up with severe kidney pain and blacking out and v nearly going to a&e
14. Sam Cooke, The Temptations, Lucinda Williams, Conor Oberst, Sufjan Stevens, Andrew Bird, Jim White, TV on the Radio, Susheela Raman, Nick Drake, Ben E. King, Robert Johnson, the list goes ever on
can’t wait til I’m ready for a baby
Watkins sucks right in his hands
The extreme winter here is showing a dramatic increase in severe weather, i.e. the “bomb cyclone.” Meanwhile, in summertime down in Australia, Sydney just reached a record high of 116 degrees Fahrenheit
BE FUCKING JEALOUS GOD DON'T GIVE A FUCK
Two fucking yrs man what a time
My apt is starting to feel more like home everyday
Why didn't Sammy Watkins jump? Lazy.
The # A vs need to score on this power play and pop the top off the Pepsi center... #Go A vs Go
Can’t stand being around a mf with stanky ass breath
Ang ganda talaga ng meaning ng I love to love you mga tinginan mo james bwisit ka hahahaha Ooh, I like what you've done to me I'm right where I wanna be #ASAP2018
one problem leads to another problem and another. And I don't like that shit.
way too many straight people like bruce springsteen sorry but he belongs to the gays
I gotta prepare myself for heartbreak tbh.
In 2018 Ya'll folks who live in the valley need to chill with that "I live in Calabasas" bullshit When ya'll really live in Northridge or Simi Valley lol Pretentious mfs...
Wow, I can’t believe how many adventures & trips we have to look forward to
what is the drama now? omg
I got a car that tells me how fast I am going too, is this a new thing?? #Live P D
only thing on snap stories now a days is fortnite wins
No ar I DONT WANNA LIVE FOREVER by ZAYN E TAYLOR SWIFT
just wanted a vanilla milkshake but it’s fine, i’m cool
Pharaoh Cooper has been handling the football like a hot potato
The lady at Spring Villa already knows our order.
I cannot with Aryanna tonight that girl is too damn funny
Eagles vs Falcons next week. I’m fucking already nervous.
This game was won off special teams...
bae dropped off some red lobster
Why is harf on fox I mean couldn't they scratch fingernails across a chalk board instead; and apparently tentacle pr0n cures epilepsy. At least that's what kurt likely tells his wife.
Not tripping off NOTHINGGGGG PERIOD!!!! You got it!!!
There's a king? She's going on land she wants to meet this king-!
Looking at a Vikings vs Falcons nfc champ game imo
Bye rams fans actors see you again next year if you make the playoffs
Join a money 8s and of course I get the kid with a page full of Ls
Now playing Voila by N.E.R.D Ft Gucci Mane & Wale!
What’s the chances of you rolling with meeeeee
If you invite me over and all we're doing is sitting on our phones staring at each other I will not come back and please don't expect me to
A trip to Cabo San Lucas is all I want for my birthday this year
The same goes for boys!!! Every person should be treated with respect, like they are valuable, and have their hearts handled with care. If the person you are with makes you feel anything less than love and respected, let them go
Pinche cooper vale verga. This Rams L is on him tbh
Sherlock is my favorite manic detective. Hahah
This winter really taking a toll on my body. Ive has to get this intensive lip protectant/repair lip balm to replace my carmex, Vaseline to replace my aveeno lotion, & this thick ass Shea moisture African black soap face cream to replace my lubriderm.
i really want a soda but i’m imma continue drinking my water
Oh my god that's the first birthday time tweet I've seen for U-KISS E V E R. I'm gonna cry.
"You, you, you make a grown man cry You, you make a dead man cum You, you make a dead man cum" Um hino é um hino
Falcons at Eagles gon have the timeline
THE REASON WEED IS STILL ILLEGAL IS BECAUSE YOU THROW RASTA COLORS AND POT LEAFS ON E V E R Y T H I N G AND IT PRODUCES A NEGATIVE CONNOTATION TO MOST OF THE POPULATION
why does cereal taste so much better at night
Today Been a Good Damn Day.
Would love to be chilling singing to somebody son right now I’m just tryna vibe..
I’m honestly the luckiest woman, alive. thank god for tiny blessings. #Heart Is Happy
VITAMIN E OIL IS THAT BITCH
cant respect you if u out here bad mouthing stretch marks
I really wish I had a good sleeping pattern
Aaaanyway I am actually furious that I haven't watched any of Black Mirror christmas special WTF
That picture is old & i had braces lol
I start my last semester of college in two weeks wtf
My truth of the day (at the very end of it no less). "The typical", is a figment of our imaginations.
Falcons are the team I wanted to play, gimme Matt Ryan in the cold and snow any day ever. #Fly Eagles Fly
How ppl doh like soca? It’s so much fun...
Outside of small pockets of conflict in the middle east, central Africa and south Asia, conflict around the world has contracted significantly. By every measure e.g murder, capital punishment, torture ect violence around the world has fallen sharply
I need to get out and have some fun before school starts cause ima have no social life and be come non existent till spring break
I’m just sayin hey, Mona Lisa come home you can’t “Rome” without Caesar ...
assisti 1 hora de call me by your name e hm... ta
Leave the ghosts where they belong.
The love shit got me stuck
Officer: Sir why were you going 95 in a 45? Guy: I got high blood pressure #Live P D
Been on that iPhone game for almost a year & all I can say is I’m never going back to ugly ass Android emojis
Cooper catches that clean, he's got room.
Yo, NYC is amazing!! I’ll live here one day. On my momma
Best F.R.I.E.N.D.S Fight for you Respect you Include you Encourage you Need you Deserve you Stand by you
i really freaking love E and Gray Dolan
My new hobby is crying. That’s all I seem to do nowadays
“S” is for the Sacrifice “E” is for the Ecstasy “X” is for the endless night Tell me what you want? Tell me what you want? I want hear answer Coz I want you… 【Butterfly】
friggin like they friggin like at this was a transgender person bcs they tried too but. oh man i didnt throw up w Zyuohger,
Imma smoke this joint then imma break you off
G, A, M, E, O, V, E, R, G-A-M-E-O-V-E-R, game over, game over, game over, game over
Pharoah Cooper is getting released after this game.
Birth is like a dot. Life is like a line. Love is like a triangle. butfriendship is like a circle, because circles don`t have an e # a f a u q i e
Lemme cool it before i start wildin out Bruh lol
I want to go to the CCS special shop
Cooper gone cry....he gone cry in the locker room
clout but someone uses it non ironically
Was gonna have an actually okay night, and I drove through BSU and got a screw in my tire! Now my tire is completely flat. So much for good night
Wish my sister was young again, would hit her with a pillow
Listen i think the Birds have as good a chance as anybody in NFC to get to the Super Bowl still now. But man Carson Wentz is a special player and his injury sucked.
Sean Lee and dan bailey must be hella good cause I ain’t never heard of a season go down hill because of missingva kicker and linebacker or whatever position he play
wtF TAE IS AN OPTION I DONT WANT MY MAN TO BE A KIDNAPPER TH E
My goals are so realistic. It’s only annoying because I can’t make shit happen faster.
I wear a satin scarf under my soft dryer hood. More convenient than wrap strips in some ways . They dont tear on wet hair .
I’m dying for tomorrow to be over with so I can just play Skyrim
Why did the # F al cons not go for 2 when they scored? Seems like a huge mistake…
Having the career I have, yea I want a woman of the same drive. Power couple fr
#B A A Don D S T V if dem like make dem trend till 2019 wen pmb go leave us alone, adesua never still get bress!!! So e no concern me!!!!
Cooper still on the field lmao
i’ll leave with e v e r y piece of you. don’t underestimate the things that i will do.
congrats perps junior boys, sr boys & sr girls
Te ases mucho del rogar my lobjust come
Man fuck this semester already. I’m over it
At least u thought about me
Allie doesn’t like the Rick Ross intro on Birthday Song. That is all.
Cooper as bad as tommy lee out there
I wanna pop out but it’s cold
ew im starting to sound like her
M e mori e s giv e m e th e str e ngth I n e e d to proc e e d... # e
If the Falcons somehow lose this game, it will doom the franchise
Since I stopped smoking I haven’t been able to sleep at night
Wow collinsworth and michaels sound really disappointed the rams are going to lose.
But to actually see the reenactment of the whole situation is CRAZY!
i ate a pineapple, now my tongue is really itchy
Everyone is born equal everyone dies equal its what u do in between that matters.
Thing go wrong sometimes but hey at least there's Andy Reid
IM BEING SO EXTRA IN PREPARING FOR UNITY DAYS LIKE QUITING DRINKING COFFEE FOR 12 DAYS ANS ONLY DRINKINF WATER SO MY TEETH CAN BE WHITER I HAT E MYSLDFJSK
sometimes being in a small circle of friends is much better since you can always feel safe and true with all of them.
Nobody’s perfect. Everyone makes mistakes. But some mistakes will teach you great lessons and make you a better person. BlessedMcLisse At18th
I know you in h e av e n smiling down # e
I am T . I . R. E. D
LIKE YOU WOULDN'T BELIEVE Woke up at 3. Gave up trying to go back to sleep Why is it so hard for me to get a decent 8 hours at a normal time
any yall remember watching galerians rion on mtv
So... it's a sunday and I have only a one-hour rehearsal... anybody wants to hang out tonight? Before school officially starts? I realise I don't actually have any plans today and that would KILL me
DISTURBANCE - PRIORITY at NE CESAR E CHAVEZ BLVD / NE COUCH ST, PORTLAND, OR [Portland Police #PP18000006484] 19:21 # p d x 911
Who the fk kidnaps Carl Ripkins mother
the biggest problem is: I still care.
I can’t wait to start my new job
E.T. by Katy Perry still makes me nervous. D:
you ever hear someone try to slip in some reddit shit in convo but you catch it...
Ima fw you how you fw me. Period
I KNOW YOU SAY YOU KNOW ME, KNOW ME WELL
If that's New England,and not Atlanta,the zebras are making that holding call! Bullshit!!
It doesn’t have to offend me personally to be something you just shouldn’t do. Sometimes what you really want sucks and is bad for you and the people who care about you. Don’t be unabashedly accepting of everyone’s lifestyle, most lifestyles are terrible.
I’m always in my own world
Going dt for the first time in over a ear, good thinkg I'm already fru k
I'm watching a movie in VRChat
in response to the e.coli breakout linked to romaine lettuce canada: *pulls it off of the shelves* usa: *puts it on sale to get rid of it*
snapchat really has to get it together. i messaged them cause that’s how annoying it’s getting LMFAO. fix it.
Damn. The Rams were so fun to watch all year. But they are indeed young so hopefully they learn something from this...
Lowkey upset the Rams got bounced
i jus wanna know why you all up in my phone acting friendly now
Tell me why neenee sent me a snap of her on the toilet smoking a fucking wood... IM CRYIN
Damn!! A fan runs onto the field with 2:22 left in the game and :33 secs on the play clock.. Uuhh ooohh! # spooky # p layoffs # tricky
“...a lot of niggas pop shit but a lot of niggas don't make hits...” - Ma$e
Crazy cuz when it was all over the news years back I couldn't believe he did that shit. Shits WILD!!
a have had the weirdest night ever n it’s 100% time for me to go to sleep
Falcons got this! On to play the Eagles next weekend.
For example- If you know you deal with lust, you need to refrain from putting yourself in a position to where you’re triggered do sexual things. Period.
It was also very specifically a 1:1 conversation that felt good, and the other one included multiple people. No wonder I prefer it.
Contemplating on changing my 415 number to a local 301 number.
blackpink house superou mias expectativas parabrns
Insomia... heartburn..chesty cough.. swollen feets..nausea... All this has started is e last 2 weeks. But than again... i have another 2 weeks too gooo! Pregnancy, the best feeling even thou ur crappy!
I’m totally not school ready! God pls take the wheel
Tell ya bout the Texas radio
Live PD is the best show on TV can A&E get us some better commercials and don’t give us the answer “depends” # l i v e p d #Live Pd Fans
YA GIRL JUST APPLY TO COLLEGE Y E E T
I hate when I get off this late ain’t shit open to eat
& I qualified for a decent house and still turned it down. Fuckkkkk that.
I don’t think I have ever done 95 in my life. Just 94 ... I kid. # rule follower #Live P D
the workout ytd showed how unfit i got after not doing much to keep my fitness up. nope i dont feel good at all. Gaining weight at all the wrong areas.
And then the bartender said we were so awesome he gave us a "biz" discount
this performance gives me chills #Ja Dine Revolution On A S A P2018
You will never see me I'm off earth
I have a short temper... w an ugly ass attitude.
My heart is TOO big to treat people how they treat me
I change for people who never wanna change for me
When the weeknd said "This ain't a fucking sing along, so girl why you singing for?" I felt that while Jimena sang along..
Starting taddayyy, Examine your own mental attitudes. Become your own therapist
Some people you thought loved you only NEEDED you.....
I REALLY Hope You Niggas Buy Some MORE Jeans in 2018, Cause I’m & Of Y’all Fake “Stunting” In The SAME 3 Pairs Of
Okay now he wants to ask me something. I’m s c a r e d
Add an return specialist, these two turnover killed the whole game for us, try to throw more to higbee or tight ends, and of course Watkins, improve the rushing defense, fire kroenke, then we will be fine #La Rams
hang the dj got me all in my feels
I swear all black families still got their Christmas tree up
i've been crying with the wolves to get to you
Everyone keeps telling me to watch Game of Thrones so I think I’ll start it tonight
Atlanta ain't nothing for us BABY. E A G L E S
A breakdown of Psalm 5:7 1. I will enter God's house 2. I will bow down before God 3. I will fear God rightly How? 4. Through the abundance of God's steadfast love # y g k #Sola Gratia
Why do i even tune in to m e l o d i trash trash trash
Running #2018 miles in 2018 sounds awesome but not as awesome as #2018 hours of sleep in 2018. #Toddler Mom # mother runner # Run the year 2018
Standing in line for <two hours in Seoul waiting and hoping to get rebooked for a flight to Manila I missed because KAL from NY was seven hours late. About 200 people on line also. HELP! # k or e an airlines delay # flight delays # travel nightmare
YOU HAVE TOO MUCH TO LOOSE !!!!
I would like to see an all birds NFC Divisional Round, Cardinals, Falcons, Eagles and Seahawks
The Rams will be back here again next year. Young team with a lot of potential. Just wasn’t their year
Hate talking and thinking about my past mistakes
Attending two weddings in a row really made me tired yazi
You survived your worst days Keep moving!
So based off of Twitter reactions, I think I'm the only one that actually really liked this new format of # four weddings ! I like that they are friends and ACTUALLY KNOW the brides. It would annoy me in the original version when they would meet each other once
ohmy hod my ey e. s
They're asking for my time the most valuable currency
Nothing wrong with the cold, e v e r y t h i n g wrong with this frozen wind
Why do bitches make their boyfriends unfollow me? I dont want NONE of y’all niggasI barely even want my own nigga
Rather u trust me than to luv me
ok so basically the unit ep 21 and 22 are out... un subbed.... it is now a test of my will not to check the ranking until they are subbed an i watch.... god luck mr evon
i don’t even want this phone it’s just like the 7 but pretty
Saw someone selling a t-shirt with Leia's silhouette and a banner reading "here comes the general" and now I am picturing Leia singing "One Last Time" to Poe and I didn't ask for these feelings I am a good person I don't need this crying in my life.
"What's with the baby fever these days?"
can y’all believe i dug my ps3 out of the depths of my closet so i can play dragon age origins and da2 bc i miss my elf boyfriends?
I would choose 5 minutes with you over a lifetime with anyone else…
how would i enjoy my day kung puro notes akong kaatubang ron. fck exams uy
I delete numbers or never save numbers every day b
I’m not saying that women from Flint are ugly, but we not bout to act like it’s not some smacked chicks in the city.
Some of y'all too old to be "shy"
It’s crazy because the prices out here are “normal” for me.... only because I’m from Cali. But my folks from outta state been put a nigga on. I’m out as soon as I know where I wanna go.
For those in the know, is Portillo’s fast food?
The producers should get contact information and do a follow up show with the perps. Free Idea to A&E #live P D.
Okay I finally took them off to shower but I put on a different pair of fleece-lined leggings.
U FEEL IT YUPI U FEEL WHAT ITS LIKE TO BE D A U G H T E R Z O N E D TOO
No one ever tells how how many times your heart is gonna break as a Mama. My heart hurts for my baby. I hope one day I’ll feel peace, & won’t ever have to feel this way again.
Then The GIF's Be Gold By Themselves Tho !
Soooo, we are 6 days into 2018 and romaine lettuce still has E.Coli very disappointed
bruno mars e Justin Timberlake dois toletes
We boo we boo we boo
Update- it's been a few months and I'm still waking up in the same spot I fall asleep. I love my new bed and pillow. Goodnight!
They slaying the #ASAP2018 stage the MultiMediaLoveTeam #Ja Dine Revolution On A S A P2018
Protect y’all energy AT ALL TIMES
And you woke me up for the 2nd time tonight. Yeah, I probably should be left alone.
S H E. H A S. H E R. E Y E S. O N. M O N I K A C H A R A.
Spread happiness and goodvibes BlessedMcLisse At18th
When u watch an episode of killer couples and it's a person u know & always used to be around them
11 hours of sleep nice hahahah
You Deaddddd Pussy If You Stop Fucking With A Girl Because Of Her Attitude!
cuz this is definitely my mood lately lol
Success or failure is only determined by where you stop. The faster you iterate through the cycle of create, innovate, reiterate (i.e. learn), the sooner you can apply those lessons towards the next great idea.
Y’all really make me so fuckin mad! WOMAN is singular and WOMEN is plural! Fuck, it’s not that fucking hard
The Rams have some of the most casual fans there is in the NFL. Their homefield is probably the absolute worst in these playoffs
Was hoping the rams was gone take this Win
802 tweets and only 60 followers wathefak is wrong with me
I took a bubble bath, put on a face mask and then applied vitamin E oil on my skin. Don't talk to me peasants.
people bore me so much, where’s the passion
This has to be the most average KU team since '00. We're so spoiled.
Yo I've listened to the new n.e.r.d album like 14 times already its almost like it was worth the 5 or 6 year wait
Today a resident told me I have a beautiful chin dimple and lips, thanks?
Ima get in my warm ass pjs and head to sleeeeeeep
WHY IS THERE A PACKAGE ADDRESSED TO ME ?? IM IN CHURCH ?? I DIDNT ORDER ANYTHING ?? E X CUSE ME ??
i hate when people reply back with “lol” .. like *exits out , delete thread*
well alright...Falcons it is, we finna color all that red G R E E N in a week # Eagles
I Am F R I E D !
After seeing Miranda’s body at the shelter I got so sad I came home and hugged my dogs extra tight
You don’t wanna go dolla for dolla!
Rams could’ve mailed this performance in
Daniel finish that song so we can drop it damn
I feel like Karma just hit me
I really want to dress up and go somewhere and do something but I have nothing to do and nowhere to go
I’m sure 60% of the new “after playoffs” LA Rams fans will by those season tickets up next year only to flip them on “Offer Up” or “Let Go”
But a law from 1782 isn't the legal hangup. That lies in the fact that the Kānāwai Māmalahoe is also written into the Hawai‘i State Constitution, Article 9, Section 10.
There will be times in your life where you have to tell yourself that everything will be okay. Maybe not today. Maybe not tomorrow. But it will be.
Reagan stays on my ass on Twitter I’m boutta block her
I want to face the ocean topless one day
Lmaoooooo I Be Cracking Tf Up At The Shit I Be Seeing On Here ! Mfs On Twitter Really Are The Funniest !
Niggas really shooting out here in the field causing three car pile ups and shit. Like whyyyyy? Smh
Love & Kindness that is shared to others, it's not only makes others feel loved and cared for, but it helps us also to develop inner happiness and peace
Yes sir tick it down let’s get outta here with this win
B literally has S E V E N posts on his Instagram and the last one was from when he was in Guam last October
My head reels and I'm crawling down the corridor, I can't see, but I'm heaving like a holocaust
So my glasses fell off on a roller coaster and I was like all depressed for like 5 minuets but then WE FUCKING SAW THEM LEAVING THE RIDE PERFECTLY NOT FUCKED UP SO I JUMPED THE FENCE LIKE A BAD BITCH AND I WAS FOREVER GRATEFULL BYE
beck pro aftermatch e vamo pra terceira match
My sister is 14 and is already working on the weekends, and helping my mom with a bill. I’m so proud # o t g 2018
Highly dislike oomf now dnd allllll notifications
when ryuko synchronizes w senketsu for the first time in ep 3..... i felt that
Fuck all of my wrongs if they anit even right
oh this was meant to be on personal but w/e
Terminei the end of the fucking world e to tipo ????????
Well a lot of reviewing today
my mom sent me back to LA with a bag of quarters bc she’s a GD hero.
nah but my feelings lowkey hurt lmaooo
Funny maning rebound girl oy hahaha
You better pray to your God for a blessing before they make your world look like Armageddon
Have been told by more than one person that I seem like a New York person. I'm taking that as a compliment.
e dating fucking sucks like besides being like cringy and all distance actually hurts but it's so much easier to find like minded ppl on the internet it's like a sick joke
Highkey excited for 1D to come back and lowkey not ready to die bc of it
Make her sm:)e reach her eyes...
Ready for a lifetime with you
DoorDash doesn’t deliver in my neck of the woods but GrubHub does & I just spent fiddy bucks on Chinese
Let me tell you from experience, E. coli is NOT a good time
all the ppl ik who produce dm me i need some C R I T I Q U E
4hr drive from Nelspruit to Joburg 13hr flight from Joburg to Hong Kong 4hr flight from Hong Kong to Qingdao Going to be a super long day
I just listened to "im not racist " by joyner lucas , one question? Where do we go from here? Big strides to be made. We are all people and the military are not the only ones who practice noone left behind.
Gonna being video upload, sorry guys woke up a lot of stuff on my mind
who’s gonna fly to wizard world with me cuz i don’t fancy this 8 hour london flight by myself
Headache from helllll stomach cramping hellla bad.. fml
Some men will get it and some men just don't. # s m h
of course not on the same scale but this structure is clearly intended to be small and less significant than notre dame de chartes or w/e
Lol I’m over this “Dilly Dilly” commercial.
someday i'll be able to tweet # grad u 18 with conviction because i'll be grad u ating FOR REAL by then S O M E D A Y
I will be adding 2 more recipes manana
SN’s are soooo funny when yu high
All u Kentucky fans go back into the closet # g o v o l s
The Boat That Rocked, Wayne's World, The Runaways is just gold!
not amused by much. often confused by lust. still dont know who to trust
You don’t do nothing to nobody you wouldn’t want done to yourself. To this day people just can’t seem to understand that.
The real lover is the man who can thrill you by kissing your forehead or smiling into your eyes or just staring into space. BlessedMcLisse At18th
I go to any public place i want to. So entertaining any of that ain’t my thing.
Miki, league of legends isn't a fucking sport
you’re the only thing for me in this fucked up world
Liver and onions be smelling bomb as shit i always used to tell my grandmother make me a plate then I’d waste it lol shit nasty but it smell bomb when they cook it
REPORTED: HIT & RUN-IN ROADWAY-PROPERTY DAMAGE at UNIVERSITY CITY BV & E MALLARD CREEK CHURCH RD #CLT #CMPD_UniversityCity
Stop acting like i'm still yours.
isso me lembrou mt sword art online, mirai nikki e pretty little liars credo ;-;
Wordscapes game: D E S N U U MY GUESS: SUNDUE. SUNDUE MARUDU. K bye lyf.
Just know that these streets just don’t love you like I do and they never will.
So ... the underdogs, i.e., road teams, have won both NFL playoff games today. Guess that bodes well Bills, Panthers.
I'm doing this to put the world together... because GOD is here and that's what I'm here for/to do.
and don't get us started about the Jerry Sandusky crimes - To this day - it never came out who was in the pedophile ring he was a part of. Are those Congress people still in Congress? The CEOs still CEOs?
in.cest ment /// sometimes i remember [] liked e.mpr.ince and i cock my gun and prepare to fight for all that is destroying in.c/est supporters
FIRST COMES ROCK ... that's you - you rock !!
when you see your faves crying, y'all just wanna cry along too, you feel me? :"""")))))
We Look Back, Unified Base To The Wall. I Was Trained By Supporting Those Military. What It With It Is Hillary? It Is.
How #SEO can Help Small # Business Generate Better ROI than Traditional # Marketing
Mom told me I need to experience the whole college thing and all I heard was “bucks bucks bucks”
Just beat Resident Evil: Code Veronica X for like the 50th time. I can still kill all the old school Resident Evil games
I just want 2 fiery Doritos Los Tacos from Taco bell
Having a console with no online membership is like having a dick with erectile disfunction
i love my pillow pets dont you
I’m so obsessed with my son, I wanna cry lol
Dawg the roads in philly shouldn’t look like this
#Rise Up baby! See you next week # Eagles
What a season for them LA Rams ! #L A Rams
random fact número dos: i just had wine i think i am going to become an alcoholic when i am depressed
i just explained comedy. hooray for me.
Women are GREAT G ood at everything R eally amazing E smart and good A perfect in every way T deserve respect
August rush is such a good movie :-‘)))
2. Purchase INFINITE's 3rd Album "Top Seed" - First-week sales (9/1 - 15/1): Important for music shows - Overall sales: Important for year-end awards Purchase only from sites that count into Hanteo and/or Gaon charts (e.g. Synnara, Interpark, Yes24)
Was gonna do homework. But I'm gonna eat ice cream out of the tub instead
I'll love you with all of my heart
Trouble don’t last always if you stay away from it..
me: ugh i need to lose weight “let’s go walking tomorrow” also me: are you crazy
i’m going to nap my stress away b y e
Tonight is the night of letting go...
I just wanna “keep the same energy“, as y’all say, when this nigga get here. Probably best if he avoids me actually
got a taste for the finer things
Yerrrrrr it’s gonna be 49 degrees on Friday we out to city island or nah ?
And I say the same thing every single time
BE THE PERSON you're seeking TO FALL IN LOVE WITH! # self love # the key
My brain lit up while I was having a good intellectual conversation with a friend's friend. When we had to go back to banal chatter, I felt the light over my head click off. I felt a tiny depression hit.
Arrghhhh this got me sooo messed up-
Oh yeah ! Time for philly next ATL
I think too much and I hate it
and i hope she make me eat my words cause my words is
Trying to make 2018 the year that I finally stop obsessing with trying to become other people and be unapologetically myself—whoever that may be
every girl in Charleston right now: "I'd rather be in my bikini in the Bahamas than in the snow here!" *posts bikini pic*
why y’all let that girl post that pic
I wish there was a way that you could unsee a TV show so that you could rewatch it again for the first time
Kid: “Why are there 3 E’s in Mercedes but they’re all pronounced differently?” Improv group: “They are different nationalities”
why do I always end up sick
Ain’t nothing or nobody wasting my time, 2k18. Fuck the bullshit.
I can't help myself, you're the one I want
Jai On Punishment , I Took His Tv Out His Room
u can do yr own puzzle bcuz i like to work alone or w/e its cool<3
Stares at the sky Give me neruke merch I am but a small robo Please have mercy for m # n e v b o t
Moe old people had to be on their head for eating liver that shit is so nasty
Good morning I’m in a good mood
WK12 rerun. I’m reliving this Omega/Jericho Match all over again
My friends hate my car music
If that sword is the reason I fail, I win because they cheated
Literally the second. *stays up late online*Wtf why am I always so tired in class.
When will Katy come back from redneck central and love me. :(
Nothing is impossible. The word itself says, I’m possible. # quote #Sunday Morning # p e r s i s t e n c e
I thing is a rumor but I want so bad to believe in this t,t My heart... Lay t,t
I like somebody a lot ! That’s all.... goodnight
Do you ever hate the feeling of having feelings? Cus I surely do.
When Khalid said “maybe you weren’t the one for me but deep down I wanted you to be” hits me
Focusing on making myself happy because when you try to show people you care , they don’t give af but I’m cool on all of it i promise ya
Good doctor comes back on Monday
i knew Atlanta was going to win, easy ML money
I wish I could have the luxury of internet
Not sure which was funnier- the movie #Pitch Perfect3 or the old man literally LOL-ing through the whole thing
Why doesn’t Apple Music/ Spotify NOT have all of B.E.G’s albums
LA is a pillowcase compared to the linc
11: T w o T h r e e
It’s so cold out that the pumps are on full blast and are moving 1 digit at a time... gonna be here awhile, cause I’m on E... that’s what happens when it’s -4 degrees #Thanks Ohio
Everything was different a few months ago
Tune in tonight for another episode of: Will I ever get any fucking sleep? Why is my mom singing so loud?
Someone commented on my video saying it was bad. I'll close my channel just for him!
I need a fucking drink. I'm gonna punch a bitch.
I was sick in the piano.
who lies the most complex foods.
as long as the pats ain’t in the Super Bowl i’m straight
"I know people have a tendency to bite certain things but. . They don't look very appetizing."
I love this! All in favor of "Who is Anthony E. Zuiker" with CSI artwork on the cover...Say "Aye!!!" This is awesome!
Chiba intraprese un breve tour da solista in tre Live House: Nagoya Diamond Hall,Osaka Big Cat,e Shibuya O-East.
madi and I have the same brain
bro i’m mad asf. daryan and i were supposed to get dressed up and go out to dinner but we took the fattest nap and now it’s too late
We about to light these hoes up. Come to Philly, see what the fuck happens.
Wanted the Rams to prosper but w/e
ON TO THE S-H-E-A-G-L-E-S!! GREAT D, WAY TO WORK HARD MATTY ICE, AND DQ WORK ON THAT GAME MANAGMENT WE NEED YOU AT YOUR BEST!
I knew I'd be bummed if Jason Brown didn't skate well tonight, but man, I'm REALLY bummed. #U S Champs2018
Urban outfitters really overprice basic shit for the girls side i can’t
Wishing I could go back three months ago when I was genuinely happy with my life
The Foot Blocks for the Racers on the Start Pad is a long time coming! Should never been illegal in the Rule Book!
i wish i had ass bruh.
I AM THE GOD EVERYBODY WISHES TO BE AND PRETENDS TO BE WHEN THEY ARE NO SUCH A THING
what kind of dirty birdy web program is cupcakke using to cum up with all these captions
NFC title game at the Super Dome in play. Okay.
ASIASAT_7_105.5.E LIFE NEWS MPEG_4_HD_FTA RE_STARTED FREQ:4070 H 2963 (C-BAND)
Every coin has two sides, just like most people have two faces.
zac efron is such a babe
Gotten rid of 3 computer viruses (only 1 of them was actually on my laptop) can I add "Computer Scientist and Hacker" to my bio now
I’m honestly taking some of everything back to school with me.
A criminal is now judged by his race. A white criminal has problems, depression etc All other criminals have labels i.e. # Terror ist etc
I've become so addicted to dum dums that I'm about to buy a 30lb box which is roughly 2000 pops. However, me and Jeremy are starting a paleo diet on Monday and I might die without my dum dums. K I l l m e
Dude had 2 fumbles on punt returns....2
I’ve been considering piercing my nose but idk
this update is so ugli bye
Fahhhh. Good night Twitter. Time to start watching #Stranger Things for real, while I'm still awake.
I don’t think we had a good game plan..they expect gurley to get the ball
Carolina getting this W tomorrow!! #Keep Pounding
Why is so many episodes of greys anatomy?
"Sanic is love" I say. "Sanic is life"
Terminei de ver the end of the fucking world e da pra resumir a série em "ok, yes, ok, yes, yes, ok"
I stg every time I come home and go back S O M E T H I N G goes mysteriously missing that is V important and then turns up out of nowhere
Life's work nowadays aren’t what they cast-off to be l wedding hashtags. Abaft delivery in the Blue and present academy, my forefather started his duration in the other 1960s as a high Humanities doctor and purpose bus of the eleven. Afterwards a uncommon e...
Every tear, every fear I'll be your for a thousand night. Been waiting for a lifetime for you.
Tell momma I'm going harder then ever
When we grow inlove with someone and they fail to reciprocate it, often times we feel devastetad. And it's fine. It is our right to feel the pain and all the hurt. But we should never blame them.. It is not their fault they can't love us back.
Of course... How could I have forgotten?
Happiness is a # cigar called # Hamlet .
TBH bts leria outcast e faria teoria & thats the tea
Rams showed their inexperience in this game. Great young team trending in the right direction, but a lot of those mistakes that did them in today aren’t things veteran teams do. Still, a lot of reason to be excited if you’re a Rams fan.
Wars. I got the top of that.
It’s ok Rams fans who are Angels fans. Baseball will cure all our broken hearts once we see Ohtani go yard
I am telling you what I know—words have music and if you are a musician you will write to hear them.~E.L. Doctorow
ships under our oceans. Google Earth. lat 48°53'25.07"S / long 108°23'26.56"E
Stupid freakin Rams you have one job.. catch the ball
Jk just got a free shot of somethin wild. 6 now
It was kinda funny. Guess you had to be there...
Don't make a drama of your dramas
King of Queens one of my all time favorite shows slim
not only have dan and phil helped me through difficult moments in my life but they’ve also connected me with friends that could last forever. dan and phil dont just “make videos on the internet” they have an impact on the world.
NFL might as well play flag football istg
This world is only gonna break your heart
They finally gave the Akatsuki a combined finishing move holy shit
THE BUS LEFT BEFORE I COULD GET TO IT
Please tell me the Cabinet has assembled Thunderdome up at Camp David & they’re simulcasting Trump v Sessions as the main event. Warmup battles are Conway v DeVos & winner of that match takes on Pence. #How To Liven Up Politics
Hey yall,,, should I do akira or ryo (realistically I'll do both buuutt )
Goon being fake for saying I'm fake
I’m an Eagles fan for a week though.
And most importantly get the 1st down
You really make me smile while you are performing # maria n river a
I never dreamed that I’d love somebody like you And I never dreamed that I’d lose somebody like you
I hate the eagles so hope they lose
when ppl don't accept change it's like bruh i haven't even met all of me yet, calm down
alright team: ranking of the friends cast since my last post caused controversy 1. phoebe- duh 2. joey- the kindest soul 3. chandler- funny, cute, selfdeprecating 4. rachel-ambitious, yet annoying idk 5. ross- overall meh, general buffoon 6. monica- selfish, squeaky, unnecessary
Idk the feeling of being a student again. Hmm *grabs pen and paper*
Wait what?! Weak— that was a good block. Where’s the slow mo? Good foul Des #TCU #1 #T C Uvs Kansas
I don’t know anything other than my shell... you see what I let you see..
Stop worrying and Go to bed...Gods got it under control! #GN # leave the worry in 2017
h.e.r. puts me in my zone fr
At this point, I don't even remember what it feels like to not be in constant pain. I cannot wait for this to be over
"What is it with condensed pods of laundry detergent and people wanting to eat them? Such a puzzle."
Welp. Impa is doing #Ask Impa again.
yo i got some real bangers in my library I SLEPT ON MYSELF
Get mixed up w me... that’s the perfect mixture
I only got 2nd place for my floor routine on gymnastics superstar :-(
We’re all we got & we’re all we need.
So happy babe will be able to come fly home with me and be there with me for a month before deployment.
What’s up with all these IG wannabe “models” with their booking info in their bio
Some Chick-Fil-A would hit right about now.
#Godzilla Kingof Monsters is indeed quite somber! Brings to mind the movie #Fail Safe # S v en go o lie
Wish we could talk now this shit killing me
DETROIT: Chaotically angry. Hard to watch on multiple fronts. Criminally underrated movie.
That dude tried to bang a minor, people forget that
Explaining that "the idea of a stunt person taking my place was something I didn't want." #M E Wfact
These #Date One Side tweets are funny till one hits home
My kitten keeps trying to catch, and scratch, my toes & I found myself singing (to the tune of Pink Floyd's 'Another Brick in the Wall') "Hey! Maya! Leave my toes alone!"
Hate to say this since it's part of my name, but the Rams blew it
Honoring Tanea’s name has become one of my biggest goals. Making sure people say her name even when I’m gone because she’s supposed to be here yo.
One of my coworkers assumes I’m a dumb blonde but little does he know I could destroy him with one look.
I don't take women on social media serious until you show me something otherwise your like every other chick in my eyes.. sue me lol
b to the o r e d
Dear #Sirius X M: Please, Please, PLEASE stop playing Baby Got Back by Sir Mix-A-Lot! That is all...
agora que to com internet vou atualizar vikings e knightfall
If we are trying to follow God’s word & be more like Christ, it’s gonna cost us. We should be setting boundaries to help us overcome our fleshly desires.
i need to be awake in 2,5 hours
All because you’re in love with SZA & you will never get a chance with her, does not mean you will get a chance with me.
I guess that’s why now I won’t allow anyone or anything to invade my space. I’ve come TOO FAR to get where I am, and I refuse to allow myself to turn back
Which friend of your can't leave without earphone's?
I think sexy Polaroids need to be more of a normal thing in today's society.
can't wait to buy my copy of Blade Runner 2049
Chess instructorsummer rec campmisc art camphospital volunteer ER!
I know I got something inside That you can’t get from these other guys
"In 3 seconds, you will see the person who cry for you, laugh for you from this hole."
I’d rather be head banging on a rail.
Too late, my time has come, sent # S we n down my spine, goodbye #Swan Queen, I've got to go, Emmmaa, wooooo!
Upset city on this playoff Saturday
imagine being A Philadelphia Eagle E A G L E S EAGLES! oh wow
AHHHHHHHHHHH!!! ( sorry y’all i needed to scream but my current location i could not so )
This is the best Wild Card Weekend ever these games are amazing I've been looking forward to it all week long listening to you guys breaking down for me love the show
my sleeping pattern is so fucked up
I AM THAT BITCH PEOPLE ARE JEALOUS OF
If you not gon run up, then shut upppp
Big win on Senior Night! 3 of our 5 seniors with goals-Suiter with 2,Cooper with 2 and Graflage with a goal! Great crowd, thanks for the support!!H-O-W-E-L-L
im floating and yall sinking im flowing and yall thinking im glowing and yall tripping im growing and yall shrinking
DEION JONES IS NUN TO PLAY WIT PAYDATMAN
I don’t wanna be like this anymore
The clue is on Night 4. # b t s o u t c a s t d 4
Ha, Panthers and saints people here thinking winner tomorrow hosts the NFC Championship. Silver lining to the falcons winning.
he told me he was off from work at 9:23 and i texted him saying lmk when he’s home safe and he hasn’t texted me since and i’m worried :-)
We’ve officially shut down a portion of California Adventure for our corporate party
#Ja Dine Revolution On A S A P2018 Finally Jadine's comeback is real! Miss both of you
Debug is logged onto my twitter how do I remove him? I deactivated and he's still in..
all them sluts been real distance beside Randa!
What is your favorite horror movie of all time?
Yall doubted us... See yall in Philly
And BE GENTLEMAN!!! Simon I will be waiting your APOLOGIES!!!! And ITS VERY SAD THAT SIMON CONSTABLE IS TALKING BEHIND MY BACK!!!!
Whooooo..I got a bunch of shit done
Falcons vs Eagles next week.... Damn why did Wentz have to get hurt
Anybody ever consider that Kentucky (gasp) is not a top 25 basketball team?
Been driving this whole time ... 40 miles my mind everywhere but the road
#Now Playing Let It Rain - Bishop Paul S. Morton & Full Gospel Baptist Church Fellowship Women's Mass Choir on # e g i m radio
I wish I wake up with Cam's DM
Yakky and Kerfoot with the assists on Crazy Carl's second PPG of the game! #Go Avs Go
Suddenly lowkey glad I'm not going to the olympics because I think it would turn out to be my funeral
Ion think about no nigga don’t get paid for thatttt
I feel like JD Power will just give an award to anybody who asks for one.
The flaw in the system is that if the ref don't say td . The play doesn't get looked at. All questionable plays involving the end zone should be reviewable.
This fish sandwich & sweet tea my auntie just made OMGGGGG
Your perfect lipstick shade being the color of your nipples is so 2017. Match your lips with the color of your blood for a look that will really wow them.
Just thinking about how salt grass brought out a cheesecake for Yadira to sing happy birthday to her but yet they still charged her
Shid, I pray my lil rookies don’t be star struck tomorrow
we don’t dream we make it happen
For someone who did have any of the music for the night he’s doing a pretty good job
# E there um Go Baby Go!!! # et h $ et h
i love mom jeans but they always make my ass look flat smfh
Shit, my kid just discovered Chuck E Cheese and is begging to go for her birthday. How do I get out of this?!
i think im forever going to be associating the song live like legends with bts
AS THE ONE WHO WAS BETRYED
I'd rather watch my soon to be husband play kingdom of hearts rather than Regular tv.
Academy Award-winning actress Mira Sorvinois set for a guest role on Modern Family.Annabella Sciorra has just been tapped for a recurring role on GLOW. And Rose McGowan has landed a five-part docu-series on E! titled Citizen Rose # actress # Hollywood
Man I’ve been humming this one song all day because I guess I ain’t never realize how much it jam.
Shoulda took to note that the Rams squad now*, has no playoff experience... fawk up! But congrats to Atlanta of course!
The splintered paddle is a symbol of the Kānāwai Māmalahoe decreed by Kamehameha I to allow anyone to lay on any path without trouble, so ya irony is dead.
Inhale ... Exhale ... Pretend they aren't here, Ender ... They didn't abandon you, you're just alone ... They didn't abandon you, you're not alone ... ··· ǝuoๅɐ ǝɹˌnoʎ ʻnoʎ uopuɐqɐ ʎǝɥꓕ ··· ǝuoๅɐ ǝɹˌnoʎ ʻnoʎ uopuɐqɐ ʎǝɥꓕ ··· ǝuoๅɐ ǝɹˌnoʎ ʻnoʎ uopuɐqɐ ʎǝɥꓕ
WOW SAMMY WATKINS HOW YOU DROP THAT
Im tryna go to the shooting range
Hes not very tall. He cant jump all that well. Hes not particularly quick. All he does is put the ball in the basket. Teddy Buckets
If I was a reporter at the postgame press conference I'd be the douchebag to ask the Falcons players & coaches if this makes up for the Super Bowl loss last year.
If Them eagles still had Walk it to’em Wentz they really would’ve smacked everybody in the NFC playoffs this year en route to the SB smh
Indie songs on Xfresh FM/XFM. Good old days.
you are my end game, you are my final flame, you are consuming every empty space inside my brain
Defender didn't even knock it away. Dude just dropped that
whoever has their air drop on at the bar is getting fire & fury
Most bitches trifling on top of deceiving
If I’ve ever put ‘luv’ at the end of my sentences i.e. “ here you go luv” “no problem luv” “ aww come here luv” just know you have a special place in my heart and not many get called this .
The end of the fucking world é bem legal top hein galera
Hate being a hopeless romantic some times.. #Men Aint Shit
Welp dint get to do anything today might as well call it a night now
They gon learn to not to try Deion Jones # rise up
I choose to stay . I CHOOSE TO BE WITH THIS FAM , FOREVER ! BlessedMcLisse At18th
I started working in coffee a year ago and I can’t believe how quickly time has gone by
Of course Amanda won! Amandas always win! # four weddings
im watching st about the origin of the hook killer or w/e but i cant take it seriously bc i all i can think of is man door hand hook car door
Laughing because 1D is on and that tweet the other day telling Louis he can't sing.
literally think the worst moment i’ve ever had was being with my boyfriend at a restaurant that my ex was sitting a table behind us
W/e I’ve always been a Buffalo Bills fan
In the bed, braless. This is what freedom feels like
It better not get a nickname, it will eat whoever gave it such an insult. It will remain nameless.
Just run the clock out Offense
I just saw The Greatest Showman and all I can say is wow. incredible music, incredible acting, incredible cinematography, incredible everything. wow. go see it.
Im so proud of my growth
Siting in my childhood living room today chatting away, laughing, crying & consoling each other = 20+ yrs, that’s a true best friendship. We’re not just friends y’all, you’re my sisters, forever& always. honestly the best day ever.
#Dean Blandino killin the game wit this review shit... That shit take too long n now we dont kno wut a catch is...
Baby choked tonight, like legitimately choked. Thankfully my sister is fast acting & calm under pressure. Very scary moment tho, thanking God for keeping her safe
Brother, do you know the way?
Nobody's answering my calls yo! I just wanna get high
Todd really was shook.....that playoff ain’t no joke huh
Update: hate everything and can't sleep
A visit to Spaghetti Junction in Atlanta was when I knew I wanted to do something in Design, construction engineering and architecture...
My complaint typically when watching # star trek # t os : Not enough Bones. <3
Making characters for a Tales From The Loop game set in the fictional West Coast tourist town of Little End. Yay weird future-past!
oml stomach flu.. here we go again.
Hey Scoob thanks for the follow!
That’s me whenever I say bitch stupid hoes
Y’all really thought the rams had a chance.
I kinda want to rewatch Torchwood but the problem is some part of me is still fighting to believe that my time has some value, so ??????
Bet ko ang outfit ni Maris today MARIS Welcomes2018OnASAP
I mean the fck i did give is so out the window
Keep yall updated on the night scale of the boogery ness right now I'd say 5.5
Winning isn’t everything, but wanting to win is.
Mantra for this year: Grant me serenity to accept the things I cannot change.
Not being 21 & getting mistaken for it all the time is really inconvenient lol
I-465 MM 39.4 SB at E 56th / mile 39 Right lane closed <= 45 mins due to a traffic hazard
I Luv help but no wife of mine will be forced to take what I'll endure for her safety.
We've been waiting over an hour to be seated. We're gonna soak up those two hours. Hurry!
I don’t think I’d move in with a person I’m in a relationship with. I’d rather have my own spot with my own space
is vernal my favorite character in rwby? not really is vernal the one i wish would step on me and marry me? Y E S
Falcons coming to town.. Lets get it. #Fly Eagles Fly
The state of #GA will go undefeated through Monday. # F al cons #UGA ....
S/o to the closet fans, watch the Falcons just to root against them
Yo am I the only one who's voice get deep when they're tired, like a guy???
Idk y my eye been red
the emily mutual — BECOME A M O D E L — you wish you were them — has the BEST dog(s) — can look amazing no matter what their doing
Gonzaga seemingly cannot miss early in the 2nd half. Forcing their lead to 23 points.
Philly , y’all bout to have a problem
I sent flowers but you said you didn't receive them.
The feeling sucks and i don't want it anymore.
Sammy Watkins has been hot garbage all year!
Can't believe the Rams blew this game
I hate wasting my time. Nothing irritates me more then that.
Atlanta just got the cupcake game in philly. Now the saints have to go to Minnesota. Smh
CRAZY CARL SCORES AGAIN!!! 5-2 AVS!!! #Go Avs Go #Mild Suck
That’s game for Rams fuck lowkey wanted them to win lol
Though it happened 8 years ago, the NFL should apologize to the Lions for making that "possession" call against the Bears, because now it's screwing the other 'good' teams (e.g. Steelers, Rams, etc.)
The fake always get exposed jus know that
Great Season Rams. The future is bright
Wind 5.7 km/h E. Barometer 1017.0 hPa, Falling. Temperature 30.6 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 43%
Is Atlanta the new Legion of Boom?
Well...this game was a lot more exciting than the last one, even if the score wasn’t as close. It seemed more even until Atlanta ran away with it. #A T Lvs L A R
And that should be the game. Deion Jones, who the Packers passed on to trade up for Jason Spriggs, breaks up the TD.
I’m stuck in an airport for another 5 hours (been here for 10 hours) so I’m posted up in the perfect spot, right next to an outlet that’s halfway in between the snack machine and the bathroom
I’m excited to be back on my grind...
Now playing Self Worth by Fedi Grindz & Queen E Marie!
“You can buy anything from amazon”
Also, my grandma thought we were going to watch E.T. not IT and it took her a while to realize that because she didn't see the opening (what happened to Georgie). Lol
Christian Nodal makes you fall more in love
Ummmmmmm Joey Graceffa is one of the most amazing humans ever????
Mother Nature is a son of a bitch
Perioral dermatitis is a rash on the countenance that buoy be frustrating to act towards. Over perioral dermatitis buoy birth a fluctuation of origin, find a connatural conduct towards buoy take a excellent morsel of run and inaccuracy que es staphylococcus e...
idk u yuchan of a.c.e. but u deserved better than spending ur birthday alone :((
"Umi Says" by Mos Def is like a beautiful mashup of Marvin Gaye, Gil Scott Heron and Sade.
Wearing 2 shirts under a heavy ass blanket and the heat is on blast yet I’m still cold
The rams just ran the same play
Bring a mini bottle of tapatio to the movie theater for the popcorn so I know it’s real
I will be the only sober one at this event tbh
I'm so into you now, I wanna be more than a friend of you now
Time will tell, meanwhile the journey BlessedMcLisse At18th
i miss charaexpo,,,,, seeing ramirabi on stage, aiai waving at me, seeing milky holmes have a mimorin quiz....watching an entire audience sing and jump along to welcome to youkoso japari park e
Rams beat themselves really. This coulda been a much more competitive game smh. Salute to the falcons tho
i’m eat walking into school on monday and showing all these mf that ...... ive actually taken this class before so back up and let me show you how it’s done boo
Namtalkinbout with the bop and the spin incorporated in too
Keep lurking hahah but u blocking me before I can reply
this also means that when the universe reaches thermal equilibrium (i.e. maximum possible entropy iirc?) the direction of time wont matter and time itself will cease to exist lolololol
Watkins ass. Ball hit him right in the chest
Wish I neveerrrr done youuuu wrooonnng
Anyone else seeing this Kamiakin Richland “game”
Im confused on my meaning to u
There goes $200! # R a m s Next year we’re gonna be the shit doe
i forgot his damn necklace he wears with that outfit but w/e i'LL ADD IT LATER
Debo is the best closer on the defense
APPARENTLY THIS RESORT WAS THE CHEAPEST BECAUSE THE BUS STOP IS ALWAYS THE FARTHEST AWAY
# F al cons stop the # R a m s high scoring offense 26-13 only 2:00 left.
That right there could very well be ball game!
Wow I love Sam so damn much
Lmao all these bitches wanna do is play
I'm dropping out of school and moving somewhere walking distance from an ocean to start a pineapple farm because that's the good life.
Let’s get this money, take trips && be happy all year long.
I think I just met the male version of myself.
I definitely do not miss Alex
It's 11:20, I need to wake up in 6 hours, AND IT'S THE PERFECT TIME TO CLEAN THE BATHROOM
Bite ya tongue for what ?
Everything else is cool about relationships but Sex is take it or leave it like is that actually needed I feel like it just makes unneeded drama cause everyone is trying to act too fucking old
Don't be doing that kind of things Simon! If you are a REAL JOURNALIST! Don't be sending message about me! Firts YOU COULD ASK!!! MAN!!
Don't feel bad, I like the way you lie.
i don’t have friends I’m convinced.
Listening. Affection. Prayer. Have a blessed Sunday everyone!
I always wanted to learn how to skate with the swag
They see pictures, they say goals bitch im who they tryna be
Sammy Watkins dropping it when it matters
Robert Mueller should be hung up by his balls.
“Did you say 12 cash” Me - yeah “Fuck” The fuck filled my tank from e to full for 12$ thanks dude
Eighteenth ! Truly blessed ! BlessedMcLisse At18th
No flag on the play....i seee you Debo!!!!!
im pretty sure if you cheat on your significant other every chance you get, you don’t love them....no matter how many times you post about your “love” on social media
i just think it's funny how
National Founders' Day of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Inc. #J5
We all ended up in A&E with Chloe because she got glass in her foot, great night though
"we're known as the charmed ones."
They see pictures, they say "goals” bitch, I'm who they tryna be
Only time I ever called out at one job is because I was busy with the other & that’s how my life works.
i was at the last full e street band show in buffalo, new york where bruce and the gang played greetings from asbury park start to finish as their second set and. let me. tell u
now i realize i was gassin it when i told you i love you
what to do, what to do
I am so thankful for a husband who shares household responsibility # its 2017 # w o m e n s work is not a thing
Today’s 400 days since my set tour why am I crying in the club?????? Should i do like a twitter thread with all of the pictures or something?
lemme get off this app... Back to the tunes
If you’re gonna steal something and get caught you might as well own up to it instead of lying
i hope this movie not that scary.
Nothing more certain than death, taxes and nobody knowing what exactly makes a catch
That son of a sandvich #Sandvich Bot
Where were all these Ram fans last year?? j.s
N.E.R.D. & Rihanna - Lemon [15:16]
Hopefully I sleep through the whole night
MY CRUSH JUST SAID HES GONNA “D-A-T-E” me THE BEST THING TO WAKE UP FROM A NAP
me: i can’t believe i met lil yachty at raising canes my mom: that’s what you call divine intervention
Bittersweet that I’m almost finished with Greys Anatomy
I wish one of my friends would be here for me rn .... but it’s Saturday .. they all out having fun. While I’m stuck here wishing someone can help me
BUT IM RESERVED FOR SOMEONE NA NILAAN NI GOD
once i saw the trailer for teotfw i knew i’d stan it so get ready for THOSE tweets
I told myself that I wasn’t going to drink the whole month of Jan, but I think I’m gunna break it tonight
IM WASTING SO MUCH TIME MAKING THEORIESI SHOULD BE DOING H O M e w o R K#BTSoutcastD4
1 RT = 1 Vote Klay Thompson #N B A Vote
you make me wanna d i e
"I'm at the bar I cant turn the radio down" what in the world
I’m confused why y’all was still eating at Mama E’s anyway !! Lmfaoo only places I’m going to in the 36th area is ICE and Chillie G’s
I am NOT the one to play with. You think people would have that shit figured out by now.
BINCH LEMME TAKE A SHIT FIRST AND SHOWER i miss him too
i had four hours of softball and i think it's safe to say that i feel really good!
I’d rather be happy with someone who can relate with me on a personal level than someone who can’t give me the time of day.
Tired of seeing NBA and that airhead on my TL.
Mc and Lisse brought me here BlessedMcLisse At18th
I don’t want to college anymore
I know a life of going unbothered, most times.. almost to the point, that it's very uneventful.. That's for safety! I'll handle the issues
Hey Matt Ryan, quit being a spectator on the sideline. Go sit down and study on the tablet.
at 100°e HD full Ok nss6 dish TV 95°e HD full Ok 3/month 500. 6/m
This is all hypothetical anyway and I should probably go to sleep lmao.
BRIAN FARGO LEVELDESIGN RONALD MILLAR GENESIS PROGRAMMING PATRICK WYATT JAMES E. ANHALT, III PROGRAMMIERUNG - # l o s t v i k (Genesis)
You make one small joke about Skrulls and an entire Helicarrier goes on lockdown. My bad. Job for tomorrow: work on S.H.I.E.L.D etiquette.
I have two parts to my job and one part is pretty cool and the other part is a piece of shit
One more stop and it’s over defense come on
Game on the line right here
Pepper jack cheese got my mouth on fire
I brought the boys to Lafayette today to Chuck E. Cheese and Taylor calls me wanting sushi
Always drink your vitamins E and C :)
In so much pain, but NO ONE gets it
missed 2 day lol disneyland t’minus 3 days yaaahhsss
You gotta hold on to that dawg !
Ps I don't give a shit what you have to say about what I post. I love my body
you might as well bend yo legs up and let a nigga poke
“you’ve never put a starburst in a campfire and eaten it before????” -meg (????????????? wut)
Its just sad that it takes that much - in the face of so much evidence and stories from the boys who went there - for the state (any state / government) to listen & finally do the right thing
I don’t understand some people’s logic. They want to graduate and be done with school but then take one class or take time off because they don’t want to be in school anymore. My advice is to just grind until you graduate.
Y’all come here to the gogo
i just jokingly asked my sister , “what’s the marvel guy’s name? Robert E. Lee?” and this bitch said “yeah I think so “ LMAO
I know u miss me too
My OG’s put in work in the streets so we ain’t have to
Also put a cone out so the delivery guy doesn’t slip on It when he knocks on the door
Most iconic moment of today is when Luu drank that soju in one shot what a time
Either replay or officials need to be removed from football. This is dumb. #Wild Card Weekend #N F L Playoffs #A T Lvs L A
Honestly speaking i cant take it if someday soshi left sm and they had to let go of their name. Girls' Generation is the best name in the world
i want someone to carry me to bed and rub my back til i go to sleep #Relationship Goal
this why I never get my hopes up with anything.
me to myself after one shot of apricot brandy: why are you such a disaster of a human being, you beautiful dumpster fire of a human being
KP had on a honda jersey cheering for Roczen but Barcia took the lead so he stood up and took of his jersey and he had a blue one on underneath just so he could cheer for the lead i am ded.
*bartender* "bitcoin is the worst thing you can invest in" *me* pays tab with profits from bitcoin, enjoying my weekend while he is serving me drinks til 3am
I’ve been at work since 10 this morning & it felt so GOOD to clock out right now lol
You heard Julio on the sidelines. Incomplete
You kant disrespect a nigga you look up to child fuck Typa time these niggaz on
the anne mutual ; — CUTEST — looks good w any hair color — the best friend you’ve always wanted — SPILLS T E A
i have animojis this is my time
Should I use twitter over facebook? :D
*current mood* Taking a Buzzfeed quiz and questioning the loyalty of a man I don’t have.
It’s very possible that you can think that you’re in the need to protect yourself to the point where you are fighting you. Who’s gonna protect who now?
I my look like a creep but I sing so much better than your cat duh # melon b o t
btw, the way my bio is set up is the same way as how javier said it in the show so i was e x t r e m e l y happy when that part happened
THAICOM_5A_78.5.E HAPPY TV 65 MPEG_2_SD_FTA STARTED FREQ:11600 H 30000 (KU-BAND)
i’ve never seen my mom get drunk but if she did i have a feeling she’d start crying about how “phil collins did THAT” in regards to the tarzan soundtrack
Uh uh, no way. Not happening.
Like I feel like I can’t breath anymore
And what do you know, I’m now awake. I can’t really last more than four hours anymore.
This piece of shit said that bewildered boopis, however columbines beat crooked wigs. Man he sucks.
*Talking about Coachella line up with my dad* Dad: “Who’s Eminem?”
Now Euler called this e. He didn't name it after himself although it is now known as the Euler constant
Ima regret this in the am
i be smoking broxxoli they say its good for ya health
Watching Lady Bird...and having high school and college theater flashbacks...
She so beautiful sigh.... She needs to come destroy my life
I wanna go to Chuck E. Cheese and then for an ice cream sandwich
the fact that commercials have to tell people not to take something it they are allergic to it cause humans are stupid these days for real
she not goin no where idk why she got tha slightest idea that she is
bruvv dat shit the geekiest shit I seen in a minute
The end of the fucking world é muito boa, assistam
The first rule of clicking links: If it says "100% SAFE - 100% WORKING," chances are it's 100% NOT SAFE - 100% WORKING on messing up your account.
Dam. I don’t think I ever been this hurt .
Mistake by Quinn, must challenge that immediately, regardless of whether it was a catch or not, you are not using 3 Timeouts right now, no way.
Sighs I want replies lmaoo haha
Atlanta about to be so happy they kicked an extra point to go up 13 without thinking... when they should have gone for 2
We fall for each other at the wrong time.
henry in s1-2: wish my mommies would like each other henry in s4-6: oh no they're ganging up on me can they try to kill each other again... thanks
Kelvin Benjamin knows that ain’t a catch!!!
Can someone please give Cris Collinsworth a ten year contract to coach somewhere? #My Ears Are Bleeding #A T Lvs L A
And their service is too slow...
Loyalty has no price . Keep it G with me that’s all I ask of you
My past is nothing but bad my good is just sad And the love is making mad Cuz it was fake and a drag
Ya boy's in his bag once and suddenly everyone wants to dub me. B.e.t.
However, first # movie pass of 2018: Molly’s Game was a surprisingly (I literally knew nothing about it) great movie. Def recommend if you’re into true story dramas.
These people are drunk already and I’m not in the mood
THE FINAL EPISODE OF CAR BOYS.
i made out with my girlfriend while listening to a hozier record, and honestly, i don’t think it could get any gayer than that
I need to be cuddled, fucked, & spoiled by like YESTERDAY.
heated blanket: night time cold pills: boyfriend yelling loudly at video game in the next room:
Just noticed that the intro chords for the first song of our first church service this year spell out D-E-A-D
i don't care if you're sick i don't care if you're contagious I WOULD KISS YOU EVEN IF YOU WERE DEAD COULD SOMEBODY MAKE ME GO BLIND (FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE) CAUSE I'D DO ANYTHING TO HOLD YOUR HAND
Dota o ikaw ? hmmm I won't choose dota over you but I think I'll go for league. lol
I need the light in my life...I don't know what to do... I feel I am in lost...
I need an interview I’m tryna get down with you
I will be sun in the dark rainy days
and Discovery ID (or some other channel) did a documentary on it. It was so sad. These boys beaten, raped, killed - Lots of the ones who survived - couldn't even function - or functioned as abusers themselves
i'm legit psycho, i can't handle myself, ideu how my girl handles me
I just wanted to take care of your heart & mind
“Planning to write is not writing. Outlining, researching, talking to people about what you're doing, none of that is writing. Writing is writing. ” ― E.L. Doctorow # am writing
so basically,,, i just found out abt TRCNG and i love them all :)
These wrestlers are.....M E S S Y
I need to stop going to bookstores and ending up at bars.
S05E06 — watching Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.
She’s got her mama’s ambition. Wants to see the world.. Never relied on no one..
falcons only team i play with on Madden but Dallas still my Fav cause i rep my city
What starts with e and ends with e But only has one letter?
3-0 vs W O K E bless those gamers
I earned a calorie bonus of 52 calories. #Lose It
Guys I have an answer. Tae is lost. I repeat TAE IS LOST. It's hidden in namjoon's message (nt from baseme , e from hav and a from "this is a") #btsoutcast D4
I spent 4 minutes working out with Apple Health. #Lose It
i can't wait to hear timmy's oscar speech
Idk, I see scenes of some of these films and I’m like “I don’t know if I can stomach it” but I remember that I got through A Serbian Film with virtually no problem at all soooo
I Say this from the bottom of my heart; FUCK THEM BITCH ASS COWARD ASS NIGGAS THAT TOOK MY BROTHER FUCK YALL AND YALL PEOPLES, I swear I’ll spit on any last one of em
on a date with my bdoublef’s..
I know I ain’t only one who be thinking some nasty shit when certain songs come on them flashbacks
Selling my Binance account for 0.4 Bitcoin $BTC # b i n a n c e # b t c # b i n a n c e account # cry p to
The titans won their playoff game and the vols beat Kentucky...OKAY TN I SEE YOUUU!!!
High School musical 3 na Disney aaaa
Na Kro Yaad Humein Agar Fursat Nahi "Tum" K0.. "hs" Hum to "Tery" Thy "Tery Hain" "Tery Hi Rahen Gy ... Hanif baloch
Beer and nachos plus my falcons kicking ass lol I'm a happy man right now
His prayer life reflects moment-by-moment obedience.
“I was afraid this time would come, I wasn’t prepared to face this kind of hurting from within, I have learned to live my life beside you”
By the end of the day, you and the trainees have both had a thorough work-out.
I found myself sa supermarket sa may detergent area. The inner tito in me is too strong on Sundays.
I swear I could live off of seafood
The good ‘ol high blood pressure story #Live P D
guy at work: lets hang out when are you free me: literally whenever im not here
#2018 goals. Enroll in the following short courses *guitar *photography *local language (e.g Lozi, Tonga, Kaonde). Share possible places to go to
Men you should not reply to on Tinder: anyone with the name 'Abhalé' Extra marks for acute accent over e? No, thanks. Dude also spells 'Bombé', 'Chalegi date pé', 'mai hot ré' like this. Stay awé.
I heard my brother whistling to DNA im happy HAHAHAHAHA
ok back to ignoring my responsibilities
I always look forward to Rosevines encouraging snaps mann..She a real one # family
When you have no one to tell your problems to
Really are a large box of pizza to myself
It is what you think it is
I was pumping gas near Eric Garland today and when I sneezed he glared at me and mouthed the word "collusion" over and over
#Who Divides India Indian National Congress All India Trinamool Congress Bahujan Samaj Party Communist Party of India Communist Party of India (Marxist) Nationalist Congress Party Aam Aadmi Party All India Forward Bloc All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen & So on......
lemme go ahead and send this message cause UHUH !
Open bar on corporate tab? I’ll take 2 gin and tonics, one for each hand
you went and did that so you gotta deal w it
What kind of support is that? I feel like I'm talking to dummies. I stated it so clear and they asked me again and again.
henry mills: i wish my moms would get along :( regina and emma: fall in love henry: not what i was originally thinking, but i'm cool w it
Hey, you mix potions, right? Can you brew me an ale?
Sometimes I can’t see myself when I’m with you. I can only just see you.
I would like to remind everyone that my absolute favorite show in the world is Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. and I love it so much with my whole entire heart
U have sinned in your marriage,not a hero, gay is a sin, or b i , or l e s, etc! Get over yourself u cocky s ..
Can’t even be surprised by the holding no-calls
“I hate gacha games!!” I yell, w four of them on my phone
I sometimes listen to the Limitless EP by Crown and just sit there and cry
We are fragile beings, yet we often act as tough.
#Alexander Lee On S P S more of Alexander please...can't get enough of him ; p
i can’t stop listening to 2012 emo bops someone plea s e come and collect my ass
That is NOT an emergency, idiot. Kudos to the officers for having amazing patience because my BP is up just watching. #Live P D
okay but where can i watch cmbyn? i just saw the trailer and i'm kinda in love and i need to see
i’m busy for a few days and i come back to so much fandom drama omg
I don’t eat Mama E’s anyways
mark lee vs kim sunwoo rap battle purchase your tickets here ladies: 3 cents men: $50 people with no ticket will be turned away at the door
You know you’re in Morgantown when you’re friends puke is frozen to the porch
Happy to be back but i definitely did not miss this weather
*gets added in a ramdom gc of apec students who are younger than me* one eypeker: oy walang magleleft dito magleleft leleft left LEFT L E F T - you left the group -
I dont see 3 home teams losing this round
Rams doing it , a little too late
Y’all find issues with anyone doing well.
EU QUERO SHARKBOY E LAVAGIRL NA NETFLIX
my ear itches but my ear doesnt itch its the air around it is this even my ear whoes ear am i itching
I hate when plans get cancelled cause I literally just beat my face FOR ABSOLUTELY NOTHING. like just let me sit at home looking cute af FOR SHITS.
what’s life without some crazy shit happening to fuck up the way things are going?
Work real hard, I get what I want
‘merica is cultural appropriation. fight me.
All because the chicken flopped out of the box and onto the counter
I accidentally picked scents that are making my room smell like my ex’s house in Seoul ... (I’ve been thinking about him a lot)
Taking off acrylic nails is so painful
Opening the old book of me to someone new is pretty scary
wish people would take a hint. if i wanted to talk to you i’d reply back but i haven’t so gtfo
There was a major hold on the line
why does the onceler look like leafy/is/her/e i didnt think i could hate him even more
65% of the single ladies in Pittsburgh are dancing their problems away at Jimmy D's tonight
Tonight's one of those uneventful nights I guess
Tomorrow I’ll be On my way to the place I’ll make my life for the next three years # navy
Im emo over mh kids rn ty
Not feelig well maybe I should tell the doc that I should stop these meds in the meantime...
Sacrifice what you want NOW, for what you want MOST.
The Fire and Fury 2 Fire 2 Fury Fire and Fury Tokyo drift Fire & Fury Fire 5 Fire & Fury 6 Fury 7 The fate of the Fury
honestly tired of spending my weekends at home alone
INTALSAT_45.E NEW_CHANNEL BTN_TV FREQ: 11559 V 2144 STARTED MPEG 4 HD TEMP FTA
Or since I drove REALLY fast in my car that one day
I'm the slowest reader in the world.
The school only just closed a few years ago - after decades of testimony, pleading of the abuse that was going on. It's like the state wanted to keep it open (I guess many ppl they know wanted to still abuse kids there).
Song Of The Day: Banyo Queen // Andrew E.
I can’t eat alone at a restaurant. I have to drag somebody with me.
I'll make a man outta you. L I T E R A L L Y.
Ryan Torf is d-e-a-d to me, goodnight
I feel like 20 year me when she was dating a boy 1 year older waitin for him to get back from the bar on the bed just getting high but rn I'm just waiting for helly
athisis IS BONESTLY MY FAVORITE VIDEO EVER. ALSO THE HIZZUK ONE I CANT RBEYAHEHEE I E BEEN LAUGHING FOR 5 MINTNENS
Andrew Peski's last goal was Jan. 9, 2016 for the Tri-City Storm against Waterloo (goalie was Notre Dame star Cale Morris).
I love them together BlessedMcLisse At18th
If only I could just say what my last tweet was about
Like this tweet if you keep your girl on check or even the girl u fucking with but not dating on check
Rolling marijuana, that’s a cheap vacation
Coutinho is about to have the best time of his life. Basically has to do nothing major for 5 months with a league title all but secured and no pressure on him.
DCAT passers, so proud of you guys
Lmao I hope what I read wasnt towards me cause I'm definitely not asking for nobody back but my baby mama
also bc SPD isnt like "special needs" or w/e i cant get accommodated or anything. My SPD seriously limits me and it just makes me so angry that i cant do shit about it. I wish there were things i could do to effectively treat my SPD.
theres no "official" criteria or w/e. and the problems just cycle. i want people to study SPD and hwo it relates to autism and other neurological disorders and conditions and shit bc i want to not have to fucking go through the same shit every day.
My gf really turned my heat off so that means i gotta go into a cold apt... FML
if you hate on flirtaus IM COMING FOR YOU BITCH SHE'S DONE NOTHING BUT BRING US ALL TOGETHER AND LOVE US AND ALL FOR F R E E SO Y'ALL BETTER WATCH THE FUCK OUT
(Wave) SWELL: 4.6 ft at 7.1 s E / WIND WAVE: 3.0 ft at 5.9 s E / WVHT: 5.6 ft / APD: 6.2 s / MWD: 88° / 6:00p HST
In the car after picking E & R up from church. R: 'E, what were you lining up for at church?' E: 'MAGIC BODY BREAD'
That was the hardest I’ve laughed all year
That's what you get when you let your heart win
Was going out tonight but that’s dead
Not sure why I’ve been confusing Sean McVay with Ben McAdoo all night. Youngish ex-hotshot OCs with “Mc” in their names, I guess...
The difference between a queen sized bed and a full sized bed is never more apparent than when you have to sleep with 5 dogs
WEATHER: FRIDAY, JAN. 4: Wind warning, surge advisory, icy roads
I'm Still Hot (Radio Edit) - Luciana
the end of the fucking world é legal recomendo
I feel butterflies when jhope is singing and rapping. Well, who doesn't?
May shop ba around bay or sol for baking stuffssss??
devilman is a wholesome kids manga for everyone
i give up i just can't drink it no more
(Wave) SWELL: 0.3 ft at 11.1 s E / WIND WAVE: 2.0 ft at 3.2 s NE / WVHT: 2.3 ft / APD: 3.2 s / MWD: 42° / 10:59p EST
(Wave) SWELL: 0.3 ft at 8.3 s SE / WIND WAVE: 2.3 ft at 4.0 s E / WVHT: 2.3 ft / APD: 3.7 s / MWD: 93° / 10:00p CST
…I'm actually discussing or listening to conversations on characters and art.
Yes in the morning when the rooster crow, something tell me I got to go.
Lmao I love d e p r e s s i o n
-Fear me, for I am Darth Puppies! >Hey new guy, we're supposed to be named something scary. E.g. I'm Darth Maul & this is Darth Ballsack Trauma. -Ok, now I'm Darth UnHousetrained Puppies
Stop random ass dude at the stop sign at the end of the road (in a vehicle that clearly moves) tried having me stop for them lmao wut I ain’t trying to die tonight
if you don’t like the way i rock then finish your glass of wine
Leave me here alone and let me cry to your favorite song and realize what I've done.
I want to eat like 10 tacos rn
We want all the smoke 4/20
8:14 # V a n c o u v e r - Police incident on E Kent Ave underneath the #Knight Street Bridge west of Borden St.
looking at your tuition bill increases how daunting it is to start anew in the next semester....
Un Chien Andalou (An Andulusian Dog), Salo or 120 Days of Sodom, Eyes without a Face and I’m gonna try to rewatch Eraserhead whenever I get the chance
You’re P A T H E T I C
Rams dead T I R E D out there
Lmao the bills the falcons this year
There’s a thin line that goes between sacrificing for the better cause and sacrificing for selfish reasons.
to ouvindo a playlist this is justin timberlake E QUE ARTISTA
My Korean SIL recommend Gogi Time so you know it has to be good if she was coming here from San Jose.
Lol welp a fan is on the field
Lil baby get you a real one
when i tell ya'll that not one thing has gone right tonight, that i haven't been able to fix one issue, that i feel about as frustrated as i have ever felt, i am not lying.
H.E.R. is really underrated , she is BOMB
got a big ass pimple a day before uni starts again yay 2018
Melhor parte do Cinquenta Tons Mais Escuro é quando acaba e começa o I don't wanna live foreveeeeer, cause I know I'll be living in vain And I don't wanna fit whereveeeer I just wanna keep calling your name until you come back home
Got 4th place with a total of 860 new PR on deadlift 340. #132 class
Money don't make the man the man make the money
It’s really Frazier for us in America & Fraser for everyone else gmt
and M O R E !
My family is mad premature lmao. Gone spell the Americanized side one way & the islanders another way lmfao
Dad: Buys 6000 Magic cards. Dad: Sorts all the cards. Dad: "I wonder how many there are?"
But where do you go when sleep doesn’t fix you?
If you say that it's over, I would die
If Rams score right here all my bets will hit
What can be heard and caught but never seen?
It’s gonna be 20 degrees tomorrow and I’m so hype as if it going to be 70 degrees
i finally commissioned a really neat artist to draw my inquisitor im so Excited
So Lion King just went off and now I’m watching Lion King 2. This has been a GREAT night .
#Wordofthe Day is "Fussbudget" [FUHS-buhj-it](n): a fussy or needlessly fault-finding person; one who always complains. #Increase Your Lexicon
Not looking forward to these flights
But guess who almost went blind in one eye from doin so my dumb ass !
hey i’ve been inactive cause i was performing whasssup biddies
Family is the worst enemy. They know all your secrets and use them against you until you break
Let’s be happy everybody BlessedMcLisse At18th
Keanu Neal is a beast Safety...
No replies just rip I’m bored af
She does not care if you say that you are busy. She only cares when you never do efforts to see her.
Your dreams are never silly. Depend on them to guide you.
Are both road teams gonna win tonight?
A man wearing sandalwood cologne can, like, get it
What’s the fun in fucking a girl and then her bestfriend
even if you know ALL the mid-song rap part of ‘hook’, you’re still dead i hope you don’t think otherwise bc your voice is G O N E
Babe a drop me off and this person was driving selfish so niggle was like "this batty man" turns out is oomfs gay friend. Lmaoooo
goodnight guys I love my mutuals e and gray sm
Just tuning in to West Coast broadcast of # S v en go o lie - hey is that Raymond Burr?!
The ADPi song is stuck in my head
It's kinda annoying when you noticed someone who's trying to imitate what you're doin' ughh
They can go fast all they want they not coming back
Mfs in an apartment talking like she got it all hahaha
...Your a pathetic waste of a life
about some hedge in bloom or suddenly entered and traversed by the rambler, at the bottom of a hill, in the summer dusk; a furry warmth, golden midges.
why do i get annoyed when people ask me 5277 question about my life??
crunchyroll won't load which is a damn shame when i'm tryna watch the ancient magus bride
Beginning the night with the my favorite murder podcast
#Now Playing Erica Campb e ll by Erica Campb e ll - H e lp (f e at. L e cra e ) # e 3 radio # good music # l g b t #qu e e r radio don e right
She does not care if someone flirts with you. She only cares when you flirt back
No! Not here! Not now… Forgive me, Eliwood. Tell my brother…
Askin to many damn questions you not supposed to sleep with ya contacts in either ..I kno ppl that slept in theirs for years no issues ..
i have listened to girls talk about how their bf picks arguments to make them mad and listened to how those boys speak to their gf's Can't relate. I am s p o i l e d
She’s calling 911 when there could be real emergencies. Disgusting. #Live P D #Live P DNation
This lady on live PD mad asf they ain’t even doing nothing to her they just told her to pick up trash
"I can't see me loving nobody but you, for all my life"
Wonder if god heard me pray when I was tryna repent if he didn’t I know her my momma cry over rent
Sahn.....Babylon is still weak as shit in VA.....Haven't been here since '09 and made I sure I wouldn't be back. My nigga E dragged me out here – at Babylon Futbol Cafe
how are rita and i the exact same person this is Wild with a capital W
You should have a better command of the English language if you are a speech therapist. #Live P D
i feel good, my house is clean, candles are going and im just relaxing.. you dont understand how good this feels..
I want a long paragraph with nothing but pure feelings in it
I’m going to write a book on how fucked up my life is smh from setups to hit & runs
This woman is definitely covering up for something. #Live P D
max & match kind of has H.E.R. vibes but idk maybe that’s just me
NADINE THE SLAYER TALAGA TO E #Ja Dine Revolution On A S A P2018
I get annoyed when anyone squints their eyes and say they look Asian. Bye.
I've been in a feelings all day for reason.
Contemplating getting a tattoo. But idk what to get
WELL IM TAKIN MY TIIIIMEim just moving alongyoull forget about me after ive been poisoned.
if you’re not growing together, you’re growing apart
everyone who watched d.a.r.e. videos as a kid does drugs now
In the mood for a shake
I can see myself explaining American history to my daughter - “and then there was the very stable genius” the majority of voters did not select him. A bit of a Voldemort.
Lmao my last retweet is me
rather kill the one responsible for falling stars at night
Beyoncé really doesn't fuck with anybody but she's so courteous that literally no one can say they met her & had a bad experience. Queen of manners and decorum.
Shoulda coulda didddd coulda woulda didddd
I haven’t even watched this game and I can tell by the stats and the score the # R a m s severely under utilized Gurley. #N F L Wild Card Weekend
the angry/bitter single dark skin black woman friend act is tiring
Really shitty year football wise, should've gone with my instincts instead of not paying attention...
Just appreciate the fact it was sent to you sis
1989 World tour in Sydney was lit
Jr keep pulling his damn pamper off he’s only one but does that mean it’s time for potty training ?
I think i just found the one
Did someone say pocky? E A E
My baby's poorly cuddles with mummy it is
Just binged watch two anime shows the past two nights! That’s what I call: WORK 24/7 never have time to watch anything >_>
Just Got Off The Phone With My Bro Stacks 90 Day Countdown
Poole from Atlanta is putting on a tackling clinic
I feel a INT coming low key!!!
If my job could be playing video games and taking care of my family ill say my life is set
My AC/DC shirt I wear a lot
A resolution to grown in your walk with Christ is a resolution to consistently be with the people of God. You were not meant to walk alone. Start tomorrow by finding a church and jump in with both feet! #sundaymorningisasaturdaynightdecision
1st half Cats > 2nd half Cats
Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome; AIDS by HIV
can I get a uhhhHhhhHhH y e e t
that's the power of my stand ,「O C E A N M A N」
“Don't you ever let a soul in the world tell you that you can't be exactly who you are.” Lady Gaga
You Got It is forever gon be my fave Bryson Tiller song like he snapped fr.
I love my dog so much and I just want him to be happy. Goodnight
The tiny robot that recites Ulysses by James Joyce is going to be all the rage in 2018, you'll see.
AG: Was that selfish of me? I dunno.
Drop a 100 pound kettle bell on my face if u love me xoxo
I’m learning to be smarter with my money and a better saver.
Alrighty, fair warning! My main is EXO. I hate everybody who throws hate on them so cut ties with me if you hate them before we ruin each other's lives. Thanks.
Avg Wind:11kts, Gust:15kts, Wave Height:0.3m, Wave Period:3s, Wind Dir:90 °(E), Gust Dir:69 °(E) at 07/01/2018 04:12:00
Parents are the ultimate smart asses.
Avg Wind:16kts, Gust:29kts, Wind Dir:87 °(E), Gust Dir:57 °(NE), Water Temp:7.9 °C at 07/01/2018 04:12:00
Avg Wind:16kts, Gust:23kts, Wave Height:0.8m, Wind Dir:86 °(E), Gust Dir:83 °(E), Water Temp:9.3 °C at 07/01/2018 04:12:00
Post Malone has un concert en PR P L E A S E.
y’all , i woke up with the biggest smile on my face after that dream . . because it felt so surreal . boy , i can’t wait to hear this testimony . God has a funny way of revealing things to people , like seriously .
Sick of arguing with people about this Do I dress like a Dad ?
Water Temp:7.2 °C, Avg Wind:13kts, Wave Height:0.8m, Wave Period:3s, Gust Dir:86 °(E), Gust:17kts at 07/01/2018 04:11:00
Niggas told me the Rams were gonna beat us
#LRT AKIRA VOICE WHAT TH E FU CK ? ? ??? IM ,, , , HE LP
Okay okay Nadine Lustre just wow! #ASAP2018
Did my falcons win ? Literally been shopping all day
The Aristocratic Counsul of the Stars
The True Blue is one of the greatest bands in history
Adding to an amazing night, Catch me at Xalos tomorrow!! # Fantastic a # F u g a Who wants to go??
I'm tired asf we still ain't at home
Ima die by myself, ion fw nb
So you get a penalty for crack backing now !! The game getting too soft son
Wait...so you're afraid the cops that pulled you over may harm you...so you call 911...so more cops from the same department can come out there to help arrest you # l i v e p d nation
the fact that we still haven’t had homecoming yet is crazy
that yumark moment aaAAAH yuta is mark's #1 hypeman
i deleted a selfie off ig bc i thought it was ugly but i just realised i was wrong i looked hot and i look ugly in the one i kept on my ig. im mad now.
YO HO AND DRAW UP YOUR LAZY TUMPUS AND DRAW UP YOUR LAZY TUMPUS AND
Really in a mood. Should probably get off all social media now. Bye
cantaloupe is a very nice person... but if we invite him over... there's a risk he'll bring his godforsaken garbage friend... the h o n e y d e w
Cant be too mad tho.... I expected Atlanta to win due to playoff experience
So ok... it’s either Tae, Jin or Yoongi now??
To fully accept yourself, protect yourself, and love yourself is really a chosen lifestyle that fights against society norms. In order to progress you must sharpen your skills with tests and self strength.
BITCHHHH THEYRE PLAYING LION KING II AS WELL.
that Twitter profile thing doesn't work, I guess
I hope she gon be good
Honestly I’m just tryna get a gaari this year
taeyong voice WE ARE SM FAMILY EU VO CHORA
i want to ducc off and really like chill, its like my week get good and then it get shakey
I’m so full today was a day full of good food I’m so happy
I'm way too good at goodbyes
Crazy E - Getting Paid To Party
I often feel like some conversation we have with other people are conversations we really want to have with ourselves
They want to see you fall like the new year ball
❝ Fear not, Rider, Mordred won’t kill me ❞
Sure celery is 95% water but it’s also 100% not bacon
So much of me questions everything while the part of me that doesn’t is trying to convince me nothing is happening.
Cox and Jernigan are gonna EAT next week
And she carries gloves with her. Wow wow wow. #Live P D #Live P DNation
Am I the only one who havent vote yet? # b t sou t cast
i got another 1k down tonight i think im done for the day tomorrow im gonna try to finish this secret santa thing and then i can go back to my regularly scheduled program
We’ve been having some problems with our house so Cloud and I have been staying at my moms and I can’t explain how much I miss my home, my cat, and yes even Justin
Vols defeat the visiting Wildcats at home for the 3rd straight season.
Stop pussy footing through life and take big dick steps
# question of the night .. IF marijuana is so bad, why is there not an A&E intervention show on marijuana? Answer...MJ will never be as bad as all the other substances featured on “Intervention”. Please RT if you agree.
Um first of all that was C L E A N
trying my hardest to get myself together physically, mentally, academically & SPIRITUALLY!!
Hello SynthLit Stalwarts, Zahra has discovered some works commeting on the deviance of code in digital forums. Kindly gloss or else!
Woods catching everything out there tonight....even the officials flag
tonight's been an absolute rollercoaster of emotions..
que merda de final é esse de the end of the fucking world??????
Question why wasn’t Woods ejected for that play?
I know u wanna SEEEE I know u wanna BEEEE In my B E D
That’s ridiculous, if Woods doesn’t make that block they don’t get the 1st. What’s he supposed to do?
11:11 the twins to dm me
Guys, please stop tagging me on your rt deals
“You better go to McDonald’s and see if their ice cream machines working”
I was published online a few years back in college, but to re-emerge in print is awesome. I left a mark on this world.
WHY ARE WE IN THIS DUMBASS, SOFT ASS, NOT WORKING ASS COVERAGE???
I’ve been taking dabs all day and I’m not gonna stop
Would it be cool Would you mind if I called you my boo?
They threw so many flags he caught one
Y’all ever see something that use to bother tf out of you, and now you’re like “why did I even trip that ain’t shit”? Yeaah same.
You gone make me mad asking if I’m mad
I’m still thinking about this pizza 2 hours later
And the crown jewel, depending on federal government largesse while deploring it. Rose Wilder Lane would have been happy with the cold blooded creep in office and her views were too extreme in the 1930s ffs
It’s about time they threw it to him
Falcons probably got the easiest road to the NFC chip. these bumass rams then a nick foles led eagles come on now
“Like” if you’d grab your woman’s tits with zero complaint if she asked you to.
Surround yourself with people you don’t gotta second guess about.
Christ lived His life the presence of the Father every moment and was immersed in prayer.
Tavon Austin ain’t touched the field smh
That shower was L I F E
Literally wore my polo signature snake 1 time
It's 2018, this time I'll try to use my twitter as often as possible. lol. #New Year # re solutions
I know that FB EXO Groups seems *hopeless* but do encourage them to go to Twitter, please!
day 2 of coughing + sore throats + flu cant even talk lol
n e ways ! i hope we can all agree that like that sun is THE song of ALL SONGS
Can't i take a break ? Cause i seriously need something sweet in my life rn !!
Now Playing: 403 Forbiddena / "Setting Moon" [Album: N.E.W.S (2007)] [Series: N/A]
Maaannn that flag was garbage !
After staying pretty shut in by myself for the week (with one exception, E), I have bravely ventured into the wild for a BLT at West 5.
me: “kee are you going to like and subscribe to my future youtube channel ft. everything makeup and beauty related?” kee: “well, i’m always up for finding out new ways to ‘beautify’ myself a little more” fyi kee is a dude my new best friend
Listening to Concerto for Violin, Strings and Continuo in E Major, BWV 1042: I. Allegro by Various artists, on my Echo!
I'm glad my doc appmnt is coming soon OTL
GUYS I VOTED FOR KIM SEOKJIN. I HAVE A FEELING THAT'S ITS HIM LMAOOO
How smart are you? How dumb am I? Don't count any of my advice.
so good had to save that shit for later
Flag or 2 hand touch in 5 years?
Wow! The woman in SC is a real bitch. I hope her crabby ass gets hauled. #LIVEPD on A&E
I just want my money back like I been sending emails & DMs all daaay !
Can’t wait to go get in my bed
I put on fa' my city L A E D
So... yeah... I'm gonna need you to let him go. With the wallet.
I feel like the music choice wasnt befitting as much as i thought it would be lol
I'm not going to be able to sleep!
so honestly ima just tweet my first acid trip. and i’m almost 2 hours in. i’m high af fuck as were speaking. i’m happier than i have ever been
I wanna meet e this year
god jungkook is too close to my age i need him to be unattainable
Match my energy. I can’t go out my way ... sorry I’m not built like that
I'm not surprised the # F al cons are winning. In the playoffs experience matters. But I do wish the # R a m s could have done better tonight. I know the game isn't over but it does look like the F al cons will win.
omg what happened to my phone ;;; i dont get any notif from line and wa chats. Im so sorry my friends i dont know that you guys sent me a chat ㅠㅠ
This girl just said “my dead dad has met you” #The Bachelor
I’m so tired I hate weekends
my stable genius figured out that e=mc hay. (we’re doing stable genius jokes, right?).
From NY. In NY my whole life and my boy just put me on to Fab.
bruh i dont understand just make my shit B̀ ̶O ҉N̢͡ ̧̕É͟ ̵L̴̛ ̶̡̀Ȩ ̕͟͝S ̡S̢ ́͘
Black Museum Q U E E P I S O D I O !!!!!!!
15 yard penalty on Robert Woods for playing football.
Ahhh so she calls 911 whenever she gets pulled over. Maybe DONT GET PULLED OVER #Live P D #Live P DNation
That’s a little bitch rule though. Tf are you supposed to do? Let your boy get wrecked from behind?
Matt Ryan is overrated... no QB in history (in my recent memory) has the HB help + the ridiculously talented WR corps that matty ice has... he’s blessed by athletic talent
TAKE IT ALL WITH MY LOVE.
The Miracles // You've Really Got a Hold On Me
Yeah, Rams aren’t quite ready for prime time. They’re still ahead of schedule, so good for them. Falcons, though...looks like they’re on a mission to take care of unfinished business. As dangerous a 6 seed as there’s been in a while.
Winter is nice bc the cold weather causes your skin to crack, which in turn causes you to break out, and then your skin looks even better would highly recommend winter 10/10
Fuck Em Hoes , I Just Wanna Be Love Mayne.. It’s that to hard to say ?
Spotify’s shuffle isn’t even random, it always shuffles the same bunch of songs :/
I HATE this blindside rule. As a defender you should have your head on a swivel. If the offensive player drops you and frees up a big run that’s on you
Ong I buy Gucci like I have all the money in the world
I wanted the Rams to advance but I guess they out
So many people commented on my # Bills shirt today while I was traveling. None of them part of the # Bills Mafia but all of them supportive of my team
College basketball is wild this year
As kids you pray for the opportunity to get a hit like that smhh
When you achieve your 10,000 steps by getting up a final time to pee before bed # winning
I'm gonna watch Luluco's dub I guess, I'm very weary
“Trouble is your best friend. It makes you stronger and more understanding about life.”
At this point anytime a ZR is revealed you best believe someone is already starting a online petition to change it.
I am a disgusting piece of shit
Wooooowz I forgot how it felt to have a heater
Apparently blindside means hitting someone in the chest as they run towards you #L Avs A T L
Lol he literally caught a flag
So my mom calls me to tell me I’m published... that’s the energy I’m on this year. Nothing else.
Me: I should really go to sleep Me also: let’s do random online shopping at 4:10am
Playoff Julio really a different breed.
timmy looks like he has onion & fish breath
Ya know. Bukan memasak la but I learn to bake & make desserts myself so that I can eat it whenever I want.
Also nobody is a genius as a coach. Your players always win games. Go to bed Sean McVeigh
Won $100 on a lottery ticket
/ i hate that i’m mia
Sheldon & Amy having sex for the first time?...Still one of my favorite tv moments E V E R.
Might as well take off the pads and play flag football. That’s a clean block.
Bitch ass nigga with that bitch ass hit
Illil! Hey Illil! When can I become a guest Grafica?
not gonna lie that wasn’t clean
Sometimes With the shit i say to my friends I am surprised they continue to talk to me Nothing like vore jokes to really show my pals how much i love them
TS50. WHO AM I? AISHHHH HELPSJHSHSHSHH ㅜ ~ ㅜ # b t sou t cast
THINGS HAPPENING IN 2018 -writing draft 2 of my book -going to Australia -graduating college -getting a full time job *knock on wood* It’s gonna be a great year!
NIGCOMASAT_1R_42.E 15_NEW_CHANNELS FREQ: 12518 H 29500 12627 H 29500 STARTED MPEG 4 HD FTA
JASA EDIT FOTO - PHOTO COUPLE/SQUAD/FANPAGE - MOODBOARD - WEDDING INVITATION - ICONS - DLL T lelang acc followan
In bed and watching the first Annie..love nights like these
Throat singing in the score on K's approach to Wallace Corp is probably my favorite bit of the film. Practice of Tibetan monks- i.e. masculine, infertile, heavenly (literally and figuratively). Contradictory to the themes however in that nirvana is the abandonment of immanence...
honest to god ban the prevent defense in every sport
I've wrote like 100 people today trying to find someone to make the cake I want lmao I told my mom if I don't get this cake I don't even want a birthday
Are you ever spontaneously in a bad mood?
Karma gon get everyone jus know that I don't even do nothing i sit back an wait
assisti tbm the end of the f**king world e achei bonitinho
Nathan's fs hasn't been uploaded to yt yet but I don't even need to watch it to know the results let's be honest
i thought they were going to pick the flag up
This mobile 21st century requires tomorrow accredizzzzz studentzzzz e-text-booksssss buy my boooook
I’m getting the iPhone X tomorrow. Should I get Silver or Space Gray?
Nobody sees,Nobody knows we are a secret can't be expose That's how it is,that's how it goes, Far from the others close to each other Aw Basta alam nyong mahal nyo ang isa't isa hindi nyo man maipag sigawan sa mundo basta masaya kayo
Remember when I said I haven’t taken a shower since last year.... yeahhh I still haven’t taken one yet
I’m just a pos idgaf anymore. Idc bout nobody.
Battle of the Birds in Philly! Think this is the best matchup we could ask for but with that being said Atlanta is a clear favorite. Playing away in Philadelphia is a lot different than LA.
cant say it yet but when i do its gonna be perfect
They not even looking at Sammy Watkins
you call yourself a muslim. but do you act like one?
My mom nagged at me coz I was eating ramyun and told me how unhealthy it is. But few mins later she asked if its spicy and ate some
Every time i reactivate my Twitter im like “oh yeah that’s why i fucking hate this app” but i come bACK EVERY T I M E
Beautiful sleeper, know that I am watching, You can't escape me, we're bound by attraction
Worst Fear: Guy I go on a date with is a trump supporter.
Is Campbell okay!!!! Why he do that!!!
Ok tbh Filthy is a growerrr
My DMS go back for days
Woods just took his soul with that crackback lawd
Tomorrow’s culinary challenge: trying our hand at homemade Tikka Masala and Samosas. Good news is that if we fail miserably, we can just order some!
As i sit here watching the second hand trace the circumference of my clock i realized how much of my life i have wasted in anxiety and worry filled minutes
#1 scoring offense should of saved some points for this game # s m h
I stalk hot girls on IG more than I stalk hot guys
Should I give up or should I just keep chasing pavements?
Not even the falcons can blow this
Numa estrada Gina Works At Hearts e Quick and to the Pointless qual morre de overdose de adrenalina antes?
LRT> B R E A T H E S I WANT TO DRAW HIM !! ;;
So while I was offline and in the lab, I come back to see Mama E's catching that local ether. Sigh, here's 2018....
is it normal to get nose bleeds for 3 days in a row?
VOLS ARE WINDING DOWN A WIN!!
“Even after I get old, I want to sing for them (E.L.F.).” — Eunhyuk
what Woods did was uncalled for
No amount of surgeries can change that
Granted my depressive state kicked in shortly after, but if nothing else, I knew I had total control of my feelings on that day....and no depressed thought or negative vibe was going to take that power from me
EVERY DAY, I IMAGINE A FUTURE WHEN I CAN BE WITH YOU
Is it still the same anymore....
lord I need you now more than ever
..the light of letters comes through the darkest of inks..
Ion even know that dude. I’m just talking shit
"I'd find you if I could."
Many many happy returns of the day brothers! Chetan Laddha Jagdish Shete God Bless You Both!
All I Wanted Was To See My Baby Today
Comecei a assistir The End of the Fucking World e já amei
Side effect of being famous : sometimes you have to control your secial media just to make people like you. You capture everything instead of enjoying it. # Fame # media
So happy in public. So sad in closed doors.
I have a date tonight but I'm thinking of ditching because tbh, I wanna catch up on sleep and binge watch black mirror. # priorities
Imagine getting jumped by some white mfs and you hear "get the rope Billy”
I'm lonely, I don't know myself I thought there was something I waited for something Oh down, down, down!
Genocide and systemic oppression? Never stopped doing it
hate the way I've been acting lately
My high school love just became a priest I’m crying
Finally! All my watches have batteries. Hahahaha.
#Now Playing My Everything (Praise Waiteth) [Psalm 65:1-2] {Wow 2004 Edit} - Richard Smallwood With Vision on # e g i m radio
So Many Blicks Around Me I Ain't Gotta Shoot
It’s too cold for the club. Niggas making moves to pay cover charges and buy expensive drinks, and wait in line, and still go home without even catching some twerk. # T r a g i c
(Wave) SWELL: 4.6 ft at 14.8 s N / WIND WAVE: 4.3 ft at 5.6 s E / WVHT: 6.2 ft / APD: 5.8 s / MWD: 6° / 11:40p AST
I want a full breakfast tomorrow.
Hooked up with an older African guy at Chariots. OMG send help. I may never walk again!
(Wave) SWELL: 0.7 ft at 11.1 s E / WIND WAVE: 2.3 ft at 9.9 s E / WVHT: 2.3 ft / APD: 4.2 s / MWD: 80° / 10:53p EST
When the one person you want to see doesn't want to see you
I am Not a professional photographer.....lol....lol
Person: Why do you keep asking me the same thing??? Me: Because I have anxiety and need reassurance sometimes
Are you f’in kidding me???!!! #Live P D
That's why the rams wanted to lose last game so they wouldn't have to face ATL
Tbh I’m just happy the tharja winning everytime stopped
So Pineapple Express... does this get funny at some point?
Awkward moment when someone fresh out of rehab posts something about lean...
just really need someone to talk about death with
what the heck. What the h e ck. WHAT THE HECK. W H A T T H E H E C K
‘ are you okay ? ‘ - ‘ yeah , just tired . ‘ T : torn apart I : insecure R : really wantin to kms E : extremely depressed D : drowing in tears
I want to race in the chili bowl
Just make them waste time, no matter how this drive ends
Falcons up by 13 with a little over 5 minutes left. For some reason I feel like the Rams could come back and win.
Okay so I bought caleb a Nintendo switch for his birthday and I think I’ve been playing it more than him
you hate me, i hate you too
Laconic government response to such an event because of an at best misplaced stated belief in self-reliance? Check
Btw in case y’all was wondering I still want to marry DMX
I'm literally directing & shooting my own film because everyone either to expensive or they can't travel the distance
trait(noun) a distinguishing characteristic or quality, especially of one's personal nature: "bad traits of character."
Truth or dare trailer !!! Woah !!!
I dont ever judge niggas by wtf they post. The niggas that flash the most money on this mf Or brag that they got designer clothing / red bottoms be the main fuckin niggas broke as hell. I aint giving u no dollar bitch
I honestly want a new laptop just so I can play sims
Here in the O to find out what all the fuss is about. #Gogi Time
One day I sat in the shower for 45 minutes thinking how Mercedes has 3 e’s all pronounced differently
Gabby always makes me wish I was back home already
ghost: D I E me: ha ha u wild LOL wyd tho ??
Y e s, please. ─ Seriously? It was towards you, 'n only you.
Seems comixology is going to close down the FLGS digital store fronts. Used my dcbservice credit just in case.
01/06/2018 at 10:00 PM, Dry, Temp:54.6°F (H 68.9°F/L 41.5°F) Hum:94% E Wind:2.5 mph Baro:30.25 inches Rain: 0.00 in. # weather
had a drink with fear & i was texting god he said i gave you ah big dick so go EXTRA HARD
Go on Netflix and watch "The End Of The F***ing World"
My itty bitty ass got all da boys SHOOK!
Coach K postgame... We play like crap on defense and Grayson played bad vs NC State and Boston College. Well said
TEMPLATE YOUR SENSE OF HUMOUR WHICH IS A CRUEL TRICK. I want
the end of the fucking world é top, amei
Shit trife out here watch ya back
Being a single father is hard work.... I finally get it
Mano, in the end of the fucking world é muito bom
Omg....how do I make it less grainy....smh
ye-we-n- d- know enough to "save face" after you have made the "efface" necessary to get a get fake "grace" to give you another try you didn't seek b f0rd a m(e) at e
Keep telling y’all the playoffs are hard..y’all “fans” too worried about Atlanta and we gotta play a team that was in the Super Bowl two yrs ago
i’d rather b a hippy than a hipster what
i’m about to sleep soooo bomb
The Clash é mt bom, amém ST por ter me mostrado Should I Stay or Should I Go
Ally has made me sad so we're not talking
False start! Back that ass up
I just spent $64 on pillow cases. I really shouldn’t be allowed to live on my own...
I’m in love with the guap why Lil mama think I like her
Read a quote that said “as long as you care something will always hurt” and.. I felt that.
Expose that friend who after getting into relationship has completely forgotten you.
Our defense has been ass all game!
"pride is the mask of one's own fault"
I’m so bored can someone go to the club with me
#Live P D “ hold on I need to call somebody real quick” ... this ain’t gonna end well.
Bless my God this 2018...Say Amen!!!
Broke girl code today and helped a super drunk girl find the right subway to her ex's house maybe I would have stopped that disaster if she wasn't screaming expletives at strangers walking by...
Henny have you fucking all on the back deck in the middle of the winter, I heard
I haven't stirred anything up lately, so here goes...does mono/poly, without additional context, refer to physical involvement or romantic involvement? I.e. if you have one SO but additional sex partners, are you mono or poly?
Why do ya old friends become ya biggest haters
Y’all niggas be gay on the low
tomorrow is the last day i can sit cuddled in bed doing nothing but watching supernatural
KENNEN DOESNT GAIN ENERGY ON E WTF ARE YOU TELLING ME ABOUT
Hope this is part of the one set
You let me down, now Ima go up.
I’ve lost 4 lbs in 1 week from just working out 3 days and eating right . 2018 is the year , I feel it
ON EVERYTHING IF WE SIT ON A SOFT COVERAGE AND THEY SCORE IN TWO MINUTES... dude
MY HEART IS V V HAPPYYY I KENNATTT
Hope I don’t wake up :)
The thing I found most interesting is that as a country, we’ve been here before. Laughed off a climate expert who accurately predicted a catastrophic ecological and socioeconomic collapse? Check
If you’ve watched Hotarubi no Mori e, then watch the AMV “you can be king again” by youlazybum. You won’t regret it.
My dad just handed me the rest of his champagne/sprite mix to finish .
Julio has more receiving TD's in his last 5 playoff games than he does in his last 24 regular season games.
Blake Griffin should win the award for The League's Most Hurt Player #MHP
And clubs don’t give af. The line will be artificially long for no reason. If they have heat lamps, it’s only at the top of the line primarily for the bouncers.
ou quando vou me maquiar e já falo SOOOO I'M GONNA USE THIS FOUNDATION TODAY I LOVE IT SOOO MUCH
I seriously have the best bf
Can't wait to watch riverdale !!!
24th january pls show me something good
I’m just way to insecure for shit like this.
I’m trying to work up the courage to watch a few movies deemed ‘disturbing’ universally and whatnot
I’m a proud friend my bitches on they shit going after they dreams
If you don't lift your friend up when they're down yous a bitch. They come out for a reason. I'm glad I did shiii
I don’t know what to feel no more
I can’t believe I’m actually sick again, I just got over a cold 2 weeks ago
What I hate the most is when someone pity’s me. I don’t need nor do I want it. I already feel like a burden to a lot people, I need your pity. Save it for some stuck chick who needs it.
Seems like you're just out having fun..not caring about this relationship but okay that's cool ..
The most unexpected relationships last the longest.
Finn is getting so big who allowed this
finally watching F.R.I.E.N.D.S on HD because of Netflix!!!!!
goodmorning.. yet another rookie video i'm going to ignore with every fibre of my emotional being is out..
The End Of The Fucking World é bom dms
I just want the ass I had junior year, please and thank you
Ever heard if N E G L E C T I O N ? ?
Gym then Walmart but is Ulta still open
It is better not to care.
Fair warning: probably gonna be reckless on the TL
man i need more loyal mutual, sigh
i feel glorious to have a chance to start again
LE A D E R no follower
Patriots winning it all so all these games don’t matter
My team still needs 1 for the 2k
okay I’m ready to put somebody name in my bio , take cute pictures, make lomtifs fall in love and never break up
I’m finna have the crib to myself my mama leaving at 12 lol and tbh... I’m tryna smack some shit
Wizards shock our goalie with a quick wrister and take the game 3-2 in Overtime.
How about we take that $33B Trump wants to spend on a wall and build homeless shelters, youth programs, healthcare...I can think of so many things to spend $33B on than a wall
fries. with nacho cheese. & bbq sauce. & ranch. oink.
Can people actually hear their own heartbeats like the books say they do I sure as heck can feel mine if I just want to but,, h e ar??
watch Julio have mo TDs in the playoffs than he had all reg szn smh
I only get off when thinking of you and it makes me drip with frustration.
ight ya boy got the new iPhone four im bouta f l e x
#Now Playing N.E.R.D, Rihanna - Lemon on #Punk Aristocrats Radio 1. Stream Online or Download our FREE Radio App
It’s so cold and dry out that my hands are blistering. I’m so over this winter. Raynaud’s sucks
Nothing else sounds good like NOTHING
Yaaaaaaawn... Oh, why am I so sleepy?
I just googled "synonym for fucking" in case you were wondering how the writing is going
The thought of a guy telling me “no” when I tell him I’m going out with my friends makes me wonder how the fuck I got two dads n one mom
Get them off the field D
"My Testimony: I was PARALYZED & Now I Run." Luke 4:18 E
Do you ever look up at the stars at night and think about how NASA was basically built by Nazi scientists imported as part of Operation Paperclip? I do.
Quite excited about one of my Gender and Development classes this Spring. Mostly coz we're doing a lot of M&E and MEAL projects, which is my area
Friends call me Breezy more than my name. Haha.
Does anyone call you by your handle, twitter name, etc. In real life?
Warm up the bus. Make sure Knox has his cucumber slices and heated blanket ready to go! No excuses!!
Just watched the Law & Order: SVU episode with Logan Paul and he’s such a shit even when he’s playing a role
How come in Lion King Nala has green eyes but in Lion King 2 "Nala" has blue eyes what's going on, Simba? Smh men ain't shit.
How u gonna recommend a meth head to be a good boyfriend
Why does nobody get all i want to eat is mashed sweet potatoes
Why is panties to the side wayyy sexier ?
should i post a new insta picture
homeworks f i n i s h e d
Different people will pull out different sides of you.. & this is facttttt
BITCH! A calça queo Wonho usou no goodbye stage, i'm dead
I HAVE A BELT AND I'M NOT AFRAID TO HANG MYSELF
I never thought I could enjoy listening to something more than music, but The Read prevails.
It feels like one of those nights I won't be sleeping.
Wasn’t nothing allegorical about Bright lol.
No ar SKOL BEATS by FIDUMA E JECA
When something ends disruptively there’s always an after effect and affect to the situation.
Just now leaving north park I’m tiiiiiied
When a joke is real and your dense.
my sisters best friend. who i’ve known since i was 8. so like. 15?? years. yeah fifteen YEARS. is a fucking R e. y LO
tiny candid site review free junior miss nudist photo nudistbare videosexarchive alexpix purenudism devilfinder torrent filestube goalporn e
When LA has to play at their best they always do the opposite
I'm not sayin' no-one can compete with me but beating my expertise, honesty and spiritual intellect, is like saying my luv is weak
I went to The LCA arena for the first time and its amazing and where I sat there was a place you could walk in with your ticket and they had all this complementary food and it was beautiful and you could walk in and out loved it
-a wildcard team will win the NFC this season.
Grind more Reg! Omm can’t shit stop you!
Steve got more faith in the Rams than Pistons fans after Chauncey left.
That might be game . Let’s come back Rams
26-13 we got this shit.... Rams need to go home to their families 2 stay!!!!!
have a blessed first sunday of the year prends
comecei The end of the fucking world e terminei hoje mesmo
Dragon ball Z Kai is worth staying home on Saturday nights
Toys be having you gone before you even found a flick to put on like dat bitch hol’on
Put in the hours Know your value
I don’t owe nobody no explanation
Where tf is everybody getting them big ass soldier bearskin hat head things from wtf
Staying up waaaaay to late...Oh well, when have I ever cared enough to do something about it
All he had to say was awwhg. Typical Appa.
I thought I was ready for school to start until I have less than a week and now not so much
A, B, C, D, E, F, G, Two to the one to the one to the three.
My long ass hair is gone.
Will Smith ass is truly iconic
My grandpa is making hot chocolate for the Rosca
You two can wait here. I'll go by myself.
I want a gf....I wanna fuck raw
I killed a giant cockroach with calmness cause I had to show a good example for my kids. Can't believe this!
I just read The Prairie Fires by Caroline Fraser and found it captivating despite not being a Laura Ingalls Wilder fan as a kid (and I was definitely gifted at least one of her books).
You Really Got To Let Niggas Know When Shit Isn't A Request But A Requirement.
So... just found out my buddy’s not-yet-3 year old bear Bowser in Super Mario Oddessey. Holy shit. Apparently I’m parenting wrong.
Feed yourself before you feed others...
I am trying my new laptop and my internet is from the dinosaur era, W E L P
when i watched jon and kate plus 8 i was about to cry my dad said why are you going to cry because iv'e watched the Kids Grow up
Thank you Lord for this happiness I can’t contain to myself anymore to my solid fam and clan, trusted few friends and to the people who are very close to my heart labyu ol
Agents of S.C.H.M.E.A.R. An elite team of investigators who work undercover at a bagel shop. #My New Netflix Series
The condoms really like to act like i dont exist but w/e im FINE
What a f*cking waste of makeup.
"Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall"
Will I ever go to sleep at normal time...
My brother is hooked on these Back to the Future movies
Alright, it's time to dive in
finally getting into the new n.e.r.d album and i really like it so far
You wanna go dance salsa or some shit at Cafe Citrón or Dirty Martinit but everyone just be posted till they feet warm up first.
Terminei "the end of the fucking world" e CARALHO MT BOM 10/10
It's so unfair that the Falcons get six offensive threats when everyone else in the NFC is only allowed three
I'm going out next week. I have to.
I just feel like crying all night long.
WHY DID THE FALCONS NOT GO FOR 2?!
Be not afraid of greatness. Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and others have greatness thrust upon them.
I guess i have a guardian angel now
I FOUND 20$ ON THE SIDEWALK TODAY! Proof that saying ‘jackrabbit’ first thing on the first day of everymonth is a REAL thing and it brings you luck!
hora dessas e eu escutando the heart wants what it wants
Despite the mistakes Adam's fs was beautiful
Wait, so y’all hate Bruno now?
I wish I was a lion roaming freely around Africa but not being hunted by humans
Trying to figure out how the new N.E.R.D. album is actually an N.E.R.D. album. Best I can tell it's a Pharrell album with very small additions from Chad Hugo. Not sure what Shay Haley did...
Touch muthafuckin down. Let's GO FALCONS LETS GO!!!!
My co workers be d/e talking about some i change my hair color and hairstyle every week like no i don’t
Idk who said it this morning breaking down film saying how super undisciplined the Rams are on defense.. but baby film don’t lie!
i need More songs that FUCK me up hard
I’m shitty jio gets in the car & had an arizona tea on him so i decided to chug it cuss i was thirsty & it was e&j i hate liqour so bad
A lot of y'all are so weird, the bad kind of weird too. # for real
the end of the fcking world ep 1-8
That’s probably why I’m slow now
man, the more i hurt the less i speak
Losing interest in a lot of shit
I wanna thank all the espn analysts for not giving us a chance against the leagues best offense! # rise up
i believed i was cured, now i think my mind was playing cruel joke on me.
"what would you do if i told you I H A T E Y O U . . . ?" #H U Quote Bot
you can't be a headache , I already get on my own nerves
Y’all my aunt just figured out Animoji on the X. Lmfao SHE WONT STOP SENDING THEM TO ALL MY FAM
MY LANE STAY B L E S S E D
I honestly think 2018 will be the year I delete tinder
I swear it was originally cropped for the text to be hidden; nevertheless, it’s aesthetically pleasing.
i wish all my problems were as small as my boobs.
i’m not looking forward to this hard ass bed at the dorm tomorrow
I can't even think of a self-deprecating joke to make. That's how shook I am.
Nut all the common sense out my head
IM IN MY FRIENDS HOUSE AND IM SLEEPING HERE AND SHE DOESNT KNOW I LIKE KPOP BITYCCHDH HOPE SHE DOESNTN SEE ANYTHING FROM MY PHON E
Weldone Trump Administration. A huge and large amount gose to crruption in Pakistain against your aid i.e 22.5 M dollar annualy. Thanks
Literally constantly trying to figure out how to properly finesse mind control. No wonder democrats are so paranoid all the time
Shits lookin reeeeeal good right about now
Albert. I need a word.... Please...
You win some and you lose some but you live to fight another day
I know I did a lot of sins I hope he still let me make it through
I can't handle being ignored by someone I care about. It's heart breaking. I don't understand how people can do the messed up things they do
But of course if there is a mass grave of children found - we will never hear about it - The control the media has is very sad.
I’m Ready For #Greys Anatomy To Return
thot it was a girl but n o p e
OH and we n e v e r talked about ships or fic or anything to do with fandom to celebs and now u baby motherfuckers have demolished the 4th wall omg bring back the 4th wall 2k18
som(ost)e of my rts are about u
Nutting for a long ass time
Nathan Chen just blew away the competition in men’s figure skating with a commanding lead of 315.23, almost 50 points greater then the next skater. Of course, # T rump will take credit for the score.
"If they were meant to be in your life, nothing could ever make them leave. If they weren't, nothing in the world could make them stay."
When shit get real everybody leave ya hanging
I dreamed hotshot was disbanding last night and it was s t r e s s f u l
Great game so far! Let’s go Horned Frogs!!!!! #1 #TCU
People are literally doing a low profile ponzi scheme on FB right now and are mad cause im calling them out on it AINT NO REAL INVESTMENT, STOP DRAGGING YOUR FRIENDS AND FAM INTO THIS. weirdos.
4 dps no time 0 heal widow e hanzo com kill gold
Beyoncé is so fake when she pretends to be shocked that people are screaming in praise as she stands on the stage doing nothing.
I KNO WAY TO MANY PEO LENHERE TIGHT NOW THAT I DIDNT KNO LAST YR
"Throughout my life my two greatest assets have been mental stability, and being like, really smart." -POTUS45 # I m peach
I've been trying to grow out my eyebrows for the longest but they seriously grow everywhere except where they need to
sometimes i find people attractive just because they are famous ??? like, i don't know if i would like ansel elgort if he was some random ass boy
Fuck y’all bruh...niggas was a different team today
Lays beneath a tree, gazing up at the stars, thinking about a certain someone.
the smell of you is way too much, not gonna put my heart through that ~
hey non falcons fans, fuck you
I’m bored and saddened out of my mind. I’d play my guitar but people are trying to sleep.
cassy: "nothing says latino cooking more than a tupperware on the fucking verge of melting"
If you know your mans steal What makes you think he/she won’t steal from you? If you don’t say something about it are you really friends?
22h Johnson County Graphic: Temp. 30.9 °F, Hum. 55 %, Bar. 30.36 inHg, Rain 0 in, Wind 6.3 mph E # Weather cloud
You know something's off in the Imagineering department when the recent queue lines are better than the actual attraction (i.e. Frozen, Mission Breakout, Peter Pan's Flight...)
JUST PLEASE STOP GOD I AM SO ANNOYED ALL THE TKME BY EVERYTHKNG I JUST WANT IT TO ALL STOP.
don’t let my baggy clothes fool you
I'm struggling to find something witty to say because I don't know what happened during that event. Like...what even.
You gotta let women choose & make it easy on yourself beloved I see too many Kings out here tryna force a cuff.
Let’s watch Halle Berry talk to herself and make poor decisions the whole movie
If a year ago, you would have told me my first time to Madison Square Garden would be for a bullriding event, I would have laughed in your face
Rich nigga put a safe under the ground
I’m tryna get some pussy in a log cabin wit da fireplace lit
They must of heard me loud & clear
I look at ACTIONS, fuck all that verbal shit
Last day prob in Vicksburg is Tuesday morning .
I don’t know if I’m mad at Coach Cal for playing Kevin Knox this whole game or Kevin Knox for literally doing nothing for the last 40 minutes
I Need To Get My Other Nipple Pierced Again
Everyone is dancing now. I’m so lonely
I want this ... I want that. Yes I will work for what I want.
I still bought the jeans that show my ankles cause they were too cute and were only $20. I'm in college now.. no one is gonna be looking at my pants either way, it's a judgment free zone.
"but how will the people know that [normal human economic relations] are bad, and vote the right way [against them] unless they are *constantly shown to be evil*? Who cares if millions of poor people starve..."
Don't criticize what you can't understand.” ― Bob Dylan
“Noel and big Hope sitting in a tree...” Childish snickering.
I love my cousin Tori she my personal diary
This bitch Davia come in my life every 3 months
Porkchop makes your drinks strong afffffff.
JULIO JONES! NOTHING BUT RESPECT FOR MY PRESIDENT!
moss green po na nail polish please
Kun pwede lang reaction ko " The acting was pretty good. The story was predictable. No suspense " Hahahahahaha kaso long sized bond paper font size 12. Omg what to do ?
Member when analysts said Sean McVay was genius for tanking? Pepperidge farm remembers #A T Lvs L A R
Gotta leave the Jamaicans alone I got a kid out of it that’s enough time to move on
Great floater Matty Ice! Great catch Julio! Get the W! #Rise Up
That's the main reason I'm a loner I've been a loner for a whole year and bout 4 months
Me: Got it all planned out todaaay. 11 am- 6pm P.E, economics, and entrepreneurship, and resume. 6pm -6am thesis. Yass! Mom: Tara alis tayo!
A lot of the times ppl might have romantic feelings for others and not even realize it. A proper trigger is needed for them to realize those feelings. That’s why ppl come confess their romantic feelings for you right after you get in a relationship
Defense gotta end the game with a pick six
They say that love is forever your forever is all that I need please stay as long as you need Can't promise that things won't be broken but I swear that I will never leave please stay forever with me T E M A I K E N
My nephews were bad as shit today at chuckecheese I can already tell they goin getinto alotta stuff bc they gotta problem w just taking stuff outta other lor kids hands or pushing em off the game . I hates it
mas os meus favoritos de toda a serie ainda continuam sendo hated in the nation, white bear, shut up and dance e be right back
Setting a pole up just to make sure I don't waste an Email on a trial. If I were to stream Sly 4, would y'all watch it?
today i watched jon and kate plus 8 i told my grandma,and she said did it bring back memories it Sure Did iv'e grown up watching up that show
Oh honey I am starting to get real annoyed with your shit. Do NOT start with me :^)
Rather Be Unhappy By Myself Than Let Somebody Else Contribute
- is t h e single most comforting thing in the world to me along with his smile thanks for ur time
I want the rams to win
It’s like Chuck E Cheeses in this mfer
I'm like a statue, stuck staring right at you, Got me frozen in my tracks
when i see u i’m like dum dumb
I actually do research on makeup. I want to kno it all .
Tjasis it takes me about 3 days to fall asleep.. and about 5 days to wake up
Sounds funny but, some people are with me for some years but still they doesn't get my actions that I'm no longer fine.
When In Doubt, __________________ (Fill In The Blank Falcons Fans) #Rise Up #In Brotherhood #A T Lvs L A R
I had a plan to get Dunkin Donuts and Coffee before work. Didn’t get either :/
Dem serve the food and nobody has a fork
You ever see somebody struggling to get outta a choke hold? Lmfaooooooo
I was to dumb to notice that there something about you.
i feel like a new woman
Niggas who didn’t even go clubbing gonna be posted outside in ski masks scaring the shawties away
We got a special relation, can't nobody come between
In 2018 it shall happen. I deem myself # booked
That looked like it was going to be way overthrown and then just dropped into Julio's hands beautifully.
I had a dream I consulted es which bts song will make me the most horny so I could draw vmin p*rn then woke up and told her n she replied with a gen uin e ans wer
Damn... I had the Rams goin places...other than home
Allllls I want is good pho, what the fuuuuhh
How the defense play that good in the first half and now nonexistent
(Wave) SWELL: 5.6 ft at 9.1 s ESE / WIND WAVE: 5.6 ft at 7.1 s E / WVHT: 7.9 ft / APD: 6.9 s / MWD: 109° / 6:00p HST
It's only a walk of shame if you're capable of feeling shame.
What a throw by Ryan. Off his back foot. Perfect. Touchdown. Ice it defense #A T Lvs L A R # F al cons
Well, hubs got PlayStation vr. I won’t be seeing him for days.
Julio Jones is a beast bro
People apologize for shit & end up doing it again
I can’t waste time with these hoes nowadays cause they always coming with they hand out
We won’t get along if you’re not obsessed with bossing up.
This Nigga E Is A Fucking Fool
(Wave) SWELL: 0.7 ft at 12.9 s E / WIND WAVE: 6.2 ft at 6.2 s E / WVHT: 6.2 ft / APD: 5.0 s / MWD: 91° / 9:40p CST
Check out this brand new film showing fantastic success of our advent calendar.
(Wave) SWELL: 8.5 ft at 9.1 s E / WIND WAVE: 7.9 ft at 7.7 s ENE / WVHT: 11.5 ft / APD: 7.0 s / MWD: 88° / 12:40a WGT
(Wave) SWELL: 0.7 ft at 9.1 s E / WIND WAVE: 4.3 ft at 5.0 s N / WVHT: 4.6 ft / APD: 4.4 s / MWD: 11° / 10:40p EST
Self care is singing to The Greatest Showman in your house while no one's home
my notifications blew up when i used the #W P M O Y Challenge+ Olsen thing & 90% of the rt's are from people who dont follow me haha #W P M O Y Challenge+ Olsen #W P M O Y Challenge+ Olsen #W P M O Y Challenge+ Olsen #W P M O Y Challenge+ Olsen #W P M O Y Challenge+ Olsen #W P M O Y Challenge+ Olsen #Keep Pounding
The Georgia Dome was the final horcrux. Georgia teams comin for y’all’s necks in 2018! # g o d a w g s # hail united # rise up
//Hello I am very sober Sadie how can I help?
How do I arrange for #This Is Me to play anytime I'm walking anywhere?
Stick a fork in this game Falcons win
why cant they just fuckin tell me who they r i wont even fuckin answer it i just wnma ffuckimg know bitch
sum1 play WW2 with me pls and thank u
Listening to “AMBITIOUS JAPAN!” by TOKIO ♫
Cause we like her and we like her too
What?! That is just ridiculous. Just dribble the ball out and go home. This is absurd.
If I was like the Malik from last year I'd be in everybody phone but now when I click mfs name I second guess it and be like "naaah I'm straight"
This litreally just happend My sister yelling at my brother: DANNY WHY CANT U JUST LOVE ME LIKE DAD LOVES MOM *gets instantly punched in the gut*
My favorite thing is announcers who are surprised Mitch Lightfoot can shoot. #K Ubball
Or maybe not I'm.....dizzy e u e
Last year for my birthday I was dealing with a miscarriage, but I woke up feeling calm and thankful to have life even though I was losing life at the same time.
If I see e dating on my timeline you are getting blocked, if I see Destiny 2 beef on my timeline you are getting blocked, if I see Scayal on my timeline, he is getting blocked
I need to change the lil ways I be thanking -Kodak Black
85 following ko tas 59 followers tf.
acabei dark e to tipo anfoisnvfo???????????????//?/???? mfuev9i-onweewq5????
Say you’re love sick girl I got the remedy
I’m ready to go hell ...
This cold weather finally getting to me
No more FGs for the Rams
JULIOOOOOOOO beautiful pass from Matt #Rise Up
This.rum punch actually strong. One sip and me belly warm
is dude sex mankind divided good? its F R E E right now
Rams done. They didn’t belong either of course
What is perverse here however, is the need to attack virtue. A good thief is still good; one need not have all thieves be bad to know or even demonstrate that theft is evil. Except I guess in democracy.
Went to my first “friend” wedding. I’d say it was fairly successful. # l ol
04:04 Temp 3.0C Hum 90 Baro 1018.6 hpa Wind 1.6 mph/E Solar 0 UV 0.0 Dry
“the shrimp kind is the only one I like” “bc that’s the only kind you’ll take”
You have 24 hours before my break ends I will consume your lunch money.
Shxt Just Ain't Meant To Be
Bro i hate this nigga jacoby on twitter
That’s game , better luck next season Rams
Now everybodys raising their thumb and pinky, imma get over it already.
thats your insecurity go build it if its so special
I can’t put all my energy in one ... I’m too conflicted
i won’t waste a day unless i’m wasting a day with you
Blackmail, remember? You know I'm terrible at keeping secrets when I'm hungry.
So, my car battery is dead...and AAA is giving me a 7hour ETA, but i gotta be in the station in 2 hours. i wonder how this is about to turn out
I just spent 3 hours watching wedding shows
INTELSAT-17/66.E $ SONY NETWORK-HD FREQ:3845 H 30000 PowerVu_Key: ECMKey=00: 986DE3D283A78300 ECMKey=01: 25CE74904577A500
He just enjoys seeing an angry Mordred. It reminds him of the old times.
I just want to make great movies and go out to restaurants everyday
Me & Jenn are getting emotional about how much we love each other
Remember when we were little kids and we thought people in their 20’s were adults... hahahaha help me
i don't need a possy, I get it on by myself [UNKNOWN FROM M,E,]
why wouldn't you go for 2
These # F al cons ! 26-13 lead with 5:00 left
No matter how terrible my WIP is, my break up scenes are always on point. I don't know what that means. But I'm gonna run with it. # am writing
This GAME is O-V-E-R.......Goodnight & Get HOME Safely! #A T Lvs L A R
me and my sister have been play fighting all day and we’re both injured now
Watching F.R.I.E.N.D.S. for the nth time and Ross is still the worst.
wHO TF IS THE OUTCAST #B T Soutcast D4
If you're dating a scammer & still gotta pay for tuition wtf is the point ???
CLEARED: VEHICLE DISABLED IN ROADWAY at E BROOKSHIRE FR & N DAVIDSON ST #CLT #CMPD_Central
I’ve literally been snubbed two nights in a row after putting in 120%. Wtf.
i’m down goin on childish dates n shit ,but chuck e cheese? niggas are wayyy to grown for that
I literally just screamed "JULI-GOOOOOO!!!!" # F al cons #Rise Up #In Brotherhood
y’all remember when the lady flipped out at the unicorn in last unicorn like WHERE WERE YOU YEARS AGO???? WHEN I WAS YOUNG AND NEW or w/e anyway that’s me except about everyone who loves devilman as of friday
I don’t trust a lot of people at all...
Food just a come.... Like I said
When nelly said good gracious ass is bodacious I really felt that
If ya nigga don’t comment under ya pictures d/e heavy that’s not ya nigga sis.
ja diria tame impala (e badgalriri melhor versão feel like a brand new person (but you make the same old mistakes)
I CHOSE TAEHYUNG AND IM RIGHT BITCHES
Imma just tweet out something’s I’ve been thinking
when will anyone let me write my own headlines ever again
Wow asthma attack damn its been years since last nako gi atake
Everybody wanna fucking sell hair. Y’all better gtf outta here with them bogus ass bundles.
I hate the president, and 99.999999% of the vocalizations that he narrowly passes off as words, that come out of his mouth. But, #Sloppy Steve Bannon is absolutely beautiful, and Bannon should be proud that he is now in the offensive nickname club.
i wish i could see 10 years from now
results based what are you so hyper critical for
Ryan slipping made that throw better.
I got the best news ever!!! Thanks Nina & Nino
It’s crazy somebody compared me to Mal cause I legit agree with all his point of views lol
Will Migatte No Goku'i (Ultra Instinct) be always Goku Exclusive i.e. for Goku Only!?
istg I miss ot9 so much ...
BODY OF WORK BODY OF WORK BODY OF WORK
okay BUT talk to me about the Lie/Boy Meets Evil performance at the MAMA awards two years ago P L E A S E
i dont hav e fucking netflix so i cnt watch devilman but im glad everyone is having fun
Oh, My heart hurt so good, I love you babe so bad!
terminei the end of the fucking world e que serie meus amigos que serie
Can't wait to start my new job . Blessed
Why is it only polka stations ever come in clear?
gucci my bitch givenchy my kicks
Why does skincare have to be so fucking expensive
We need to join the revolution
-get the rams tf outta here.
8 plays for 83 YA BISH!!!!!
We’re going to.... O V E R T I M E
2 upsets in wild card round???????
Bugs life 4 is gon b lit affff
What’s meant for me will always be mine, I do not trip!
Everyone just breathe. Life is hard but no harder than it’s ever been. We have the tools, we can survive. We know what Home is. Let’s share that.
I feel so off today since I had to work I keep thinking it’s Friday lol
This pie crust I just made is the best-smelling thing I have ever baked
I honestly don’t understand how someone can play with someone else’s feelings. Like that shit can fuck a person up
This weather has me in my feelings and I don't like it
I've been hoping somebody loves you in the ways I couldn't
some call science some call majic
i should just stop looking up what photo gear jake chams uses bc i knowni cant afford it lmao
I don’t even think I’ve experienced a day under 45 degrees (if I have I probably refused to go outside)
My icon issa bop FITE MEE
Underdressed white chicks gonna flood out the mad hatters looking like Rudolph the red nosed reindeer in the face, questioning life while the Uber stuck in Connecticut Ave traffic.
They gone fuck you over till all your love is drained, then they look at you like you the one changed.
That video of Griffin laying on the floor and that short clip of his hand shaking like that had me sick....
Bring me a shell I'm mad af I'm kicked out every store around here
—sit. As she spotted an empty booth she immediately made her way towards it and took a seat to wait for someone to take her order.
No matter how big or small the situation is... respect and balance is the perfect solution to solving a problem. Recognizing the principle of the problem shows a sign of maturity.
IV E GOT A COLLAR FILMF
The Boston Bruins are calling up their AHL goal horn after tonight’s performance in order to give the Boston horn a nights rest. #N H L Bruins
O'line move us!! Let's go!! #Rise Up Nation
DEAD, now this shit really over!
the girl luke hemmings marries will be so lucky
I don't care what is going on in my life, but there's something about when my bday rolls around where I can't do anything but feel thankful! Regardless of what I have going on
OH SO NOW YOU WANNA SCORE A TOUCHDOWN TO PUT A PLAYOFF GAME AWAY HUH.
Lionize【li'e uhn iez】 (verb) "to treat as a celebrity" After the success of Apple, Steve Jobs was lionized by the media."
for granted i.E. tomatoes 3 months ago 89/lb now 3.97/ lb that type of increase annually adds up. Not made up. Bacon was $12/lb now $22/l...
Im juatying to make it through this 9h shift I am fucking B E A T
When you're in bed earlier on a weekend night than a weekday night <<<<
I’m sure one of them is using correct grammar. *your
I continue to amaze myself with how much fruit I consume on a weekly basis. Great for my health, unfortunate for my grocery budget. smh
ME AND MY GIRLS M E AND M Y GIRLS ME AND MY GIRLS
# I n c i d e n t s # Now MEDICAL EMERGENCY: MOUNTVILLE BOROUGH; E MAIN ST & SPRING ST; MEDIC 600 MEDIC 06-3;
Girls like you by Maroon 5
Its crazy how thing turn different than you wanted. All the time
We made a bond from the very beginning I found my homey and my best friend Ima be there for ya till the very end
guYS MY SISTER WORKS AT A SHOE STORE AND SHE THREW HER MANAGERS BOOTS OUT. ITS LIKE -20 HERE IN CANADA IM SO SHOCKED SHE DIDNT GET FIRED SHE LITERALLY HAD TO GO AND GET THEM BACK IM W H E E Z I NG
Boys who wanna play video games all the time irritate me
We blew it smh...gave these boys the game
Chiefs outta pocket for that Lost
I'm so bad at saying no
So a Titans/Falcons bet slip looking pretty sexy right now.
Bad bitches don’t rush and bad bitches don’t wait on anyone either!
i go Back to school mondat
I like money conversations that’s all that really makes sense
Took me all day to edit the vlog I’m so exhausted. I hope you guys enjoy it # small you tube r
If I tell you how my day went you probably change who you hang with
i.e. Zizek thinks that natural human economic relations are evil, thus people who manage to be good in spite of this are bad because they justify it.
He be tryna eat it all the time but I never complain.
Sometimes just watching football gives me a headache
I have been O V E R W H E L M E D with happiness today and I am SO thankful
like for real!!!!!!! my depression hasn’t been this bad in so so long and i know it’s understandable but i can’t cope with it and i’m pretending to everyone like i can when i really just want to d*e myself
i'm working on being a better me.
Atlanta too good rn. Playing calling is amazing
Three mf's have the easiest path to the NFC Championship. Ugh
26 wanted no parts of that contact dawg he should have sold out... this playoffs Homies
Saved all of # b t sou t cast to read again later. I'M STRESSED OVER THIS. I also think it's Tae.
Idk if I want a burger or wings
Y’all ever fucked a short man with wack dick? Cause I haven’t. 5’6-5’8 men never let me down ever.
I once read yaoi while at the lunch table
i found a love for me
I’m gonna sing Real Love as my first solo next time I go to Karoake, gonna even do the choreography so I can really give the crowd an experience!
R.E.S.P.E.C.T! The first ever "OEA Pink Sheet Live" event. 01/12/18 -4:45 Location TBD. #OEA Stand United. # Respect our teachers
Almost time for the rams to go night night
Year of A B U N D A N C E!!! PROPHETIC WORD FOR 2018. DON'T MISS YOUR MOMENT!!! Enlarge your capacity to receive and raise your expectations.
In this big ass jacuzzi dolo
I sit back and observe EVERY person in my life weather we talk everyday or not.
Akuma is my favorite Character and I know he’s Top Tier but I can’t use him. Lol. Back to Mid Tier Nash.
I’m at work at 12 but it’s 4:02 and I’m lying in my bed fully awake and mwi
5th_Test Match ENG 346, 23/2 Overs 9 Vince 4* Root 8* Day 4 AUS 649/7 #A U Sv E N G # A s h e s BY FAZEELA
So apparently when i hit them they started working??
acabei de assistir the end of the fucking world e eu amei
im exhausted n probably shouldn’t have stayed out this late but w/e
Some days ago ,,,how e you?? .. Now,, r you drunk ??
Sehun talk to m e sobs
I had to put on a sweater...lordt
OKAY IMMA DO MY BEST AND TRY TO CRACK THIS SHT
Rise of 4Kids in Sonic Forces, Amy had an E rank Sonic Forces plot with Big didn't want to tell him about how the Bat but
Let God give you an indescribable bliss and delight! Blessed sunday everyone~
"Truth and my lies right now are falling like the rain So let the river run" Na bitin ko sa part ni Ed Sheeran!
I'm not even gonna comment. Lol
I told myself that my depression was not gunna get to me this year but FUCK
My Snapchat is about to get real sexy in the next 20 Min. If you haven’t e transferred or sent an e gift card for amazon , that’s unfortunate and your gonna miss out!
ung? yeah, I can sing for you.
My life’s at peace until I updated my igstory. Biglang daming message HAHAHAHAHA
i'm leaving now, hope you all had a wonderful day. goodnight, lovely dreams / lovely day (depending where you live). love youu. x
Hided fck ths sht! Dnt wnt m t knw whrth hll sh g!?
Lemme gone rinse my hair out and braid it so I won’t be up all night for nothing
Why is the FaceTime ringtone so awful
Remember that I tried to build ya....
Dear capt Yoo i love yaa #Wise Prison Life
Thats not what I had in mind. #L A Rams
about 2/3 done with gem comms but once im done with that and chorus art i hope to open base icon comms like the one i have!!
I really wish somebody could figure out what is going on with my body.
Everybody taken or just a Hoe!
OMG A SCREEN PLAY THAT WORKED
All I did is 2017 was Work and pay bills shitty ass year
Everyday, That's My Girl e Cool for the Summer SEGUIDAS na minha playlist. Meu deus eu amo tanto af
More blessings for you mylabs! #M I H Oin2018
Start a war, fan its flames, create victims...Then save them, train them...And feed them back onto the battlefield.
Washington County vs Marion County That Was One Best Game I Seen In Awhile!!!
The question then arises: are there cases where this is true, that is, for example, do good thieves justify thievery? From the original tweet it's clear that the root of it all is the idea that "the virtuous thing itself is bad in some way".
I wanna learn how to dance .. like music video kind lol
Bruh I got a 3.3 in the fall brought my shit down and now im .003 points away from a 3.5, I’m pissed cuzz I know I’m actually gonna try now next semester cuzz believe it not I want that cum laude rope shit
Si yo estoy entodoyall betta watch who yall hang with they could just be there cuz of me my lob
Aaron Donald so big but e face so small
n e ways,,, my attempt on nina yu's peachy look for my batch dinner 2 nights ago was a total F A I LURE aha
I love living with my sister. We just ate so much food at Olive Garden and then compared our food babies in the parking lot.
ORAL SEX WITH MY MOUTH...... JCNSKMLFFINO LMAOOOOOOOOO WHY DIDNT ANYONE TWEET ME THAT VIDEO?
been through hell but they can’t tell because of my glow
Theres some things that only your mom can make u feel better about
❝ The Paladin Of Charlemagne and that pirate are speaking of me and Mordred ? Do not interfere, this is family affairs ❞
Can I just fast forward to my life where I’m older and I’m wearing a gorgeous flowing robe and I’m dancing to L-O-V-E by Nat King Cole with my husband in our mansion
october-december are my happy months bc it's cold and spooky and then all the pretty christmas lights come out :') and i'm so excited
I just made some L O V E L Y rose water
i’m so F R U S T R A T E D
When your on a date w your man & it only lasts 10 mins because he's having a allergic reaction....
i always thought post malone said he left his shawl in a cop car i was like interesting fashion choice dude
Saw one image and I stopped reading. I’m shook
When you had her and didnt value her now she making you pay for it posting all these pictures looking edible
daehyun out there playing kid's game w his fans and having time of his life bc he got first place i think im in love
yes chanyeol, sehun and yixing teleported to meet e/o in seoul last january 5. chanyeol along with his snowboard and yixing in his emperor outfit yes
Magtorotot ang lahat...the Queen is back on the dance floor.!! #Queen Kathryn S A P2018
4am thoughts can be a fuckery
i cant wait for food adventures with bae.
Tori and I are savages yo
I am.... como se dice..... done with life
Started and finished two books today
If you don’t look like Chicago from pitch perfect 3 I don’t want ya
My husband is really the best there is nigga I adore and appreciate tf outta youuuuuuuuuu
The Rams aren't looking too hot.. wouldn't mind them coming back so we can wreck them next week
“Do you use??” “I duh I’m buh Jim cars duh” #Live P D
I love EDC! E very D j C opies my shit
I love the message and story behind Fear but Body is definitely my favorite Mino song (for now) (until he releases a solo album) just because I can listen to it all day long without getting tired of it lmao
I saw your snap the second it hit my phone but I'm gonna sit on it for at least two minutes before opening it.
Wait I got $5 I have E $2 we poor
Who retweeted that trap on my TL. THAT BOY IS A JUNIOR IN HS.
“Now we are approaching up on stormy weather, lets see what our love is made of”
"A Survivor legend goes out in a legendary style." culpa sua e do mark burnett
ps. feel special nc I rarely tweet here anymore lmao i miss this lyf
I hate being home alone yet here i am, home alone .
Grades can't measure intelligence. It is just a number. It can also be affected by multiple factors; like cheating, favoritism and so on. -Taf
『■■■■■ request the pleasure of your shop at a dinner-dance on ■■■■■, ■■■-■■■ of ■■■, ■■■ at ten o'clock. R.S.V.P Black tie』
Back to reality na naman! School , Dorm again Bye Caloocan!
Before my mom died she always told me don’t let people get in the way of your happiness.. I should start listening to her advice.
Listen it’s over for y’all boys
I’d get more support from a shitty training bra, that I would most of my “friends”
Why these bitches keep reminding me that I got no boobs? You got no edges
I swear I’m never gonna let myself catch feelings again
Get my second tattoo very soon. It'll be on my upper thigh, any ideas??
watching lion king be having me crying & laughing
Okay I seriously need to get to bed.
You can get a 20% bonus if you sign up for the Algory Whitelist. # al g or y # i c o # crypt os can ne r # cry p to currency # cry p to news # bit coin $ETH al g or y .io
I love the let out at the club but imagine it in sub zero degree weather? You be out in DuPont Circle tryna go smack with snotsicles forming and shit.
If Sungjun can't make it at least i just hope Seyong can make it until the final so my Feeldog-Seyong feels will last long i really don't like timoteo since 1st mission n' in 3rd mission feeldog team lose it's make me more don't like him
At the start of S2 SFV I had 3800+ points and switched to Akuma. Over the season I slowly went down to 1800 points. Then, 2-3 days ago switched back to Nash and got back up to 3000 points.
That's why sometimes I hate Saturdays coz there will always be a least of chances that I'm not going to get drunk. Hayyys heaven and earth will pray.
Look at your face now you regret it
whats the point in o n e m o r e d a y when i can not rest when i can not close my eyes when i can not breathe when tomorrow is no longer seen as possible.
You know how I feel but you'll never understand it.
Hey. Single academics. What are you secrets to navigating the dating scene?
Just to remind myself, when Teresa gives me nachos tonight for dinner, I cannot thanked her for it as I wouldn’t expect she’d say you’re welcome. This chapter of our conflict is not yet over.
me and sydney couldn’t be more alike
I just do not understand basketball fouls
mfs b making up lies just to have a reason to do something
They don’t color correct either client be having a whole beard where they have very light facial hairs
I'm forced to get a whole nother throttle body b/c nobody sell just the sensor WEAK
It's also awesome to have the support of Twitter followers when we break the silence. It is not an easy thing to do by any means so kudos to all who do.
Well , I’m about to go home & sleep .
If they don’t agree wit ya, they shouldn’t be wit ya
Day party was fun thank God teseana kentucky derbied home from DC
IF U DONT WANNA B W SOMEONE OR TALK TO SOMEONE LET THEM KNOW INSTEAD OF JUST FUCKIN W THEIR EMOTIONS & HAVIN THEM LOOK DUMB.
My nigga switched on me for a bitch Got damn.....
adam is so L A R G E
for the first time in a while i’m generally happy.
FIRE, DEBRIS reported near 498 S 9TH ST & 200 E ORR ST MONTAGUE.
the author itself said outcast is not related with the boys’ real lives, the clues are within the texts. by that we can safely conlude that your effort on searching for clues outside the au is a waste # b t s o u t c a s t d 4
I was taking someone’s order today and she started rubbing my stomach and I wanted to die.
This is Us starts back up on Tuesday finally
In today’s society people think cutting people off or dismissing a situation is gonna make things better Resentment and Karma are real things.
Y'all I'm so high in the movies dying laughing at jumunjie
a fin nally drop ma phone togo ta e sleep, next hing i no eh ding dong video is playing in my head an am pissin masel in eh dark at 4am
So yea, ive been update wuth e logan paul and jake paul drama lately. Ill make a thread about it.
Why is Scar so mean like damn bro :/
10 Reasons To Stick With NJPW After Wrestle Kingdom 12
These guests are really loving me tonight. Yes. Keep tipping me like this !
my heart still asks about you sometimes TO KILL YOU
shawty b wet dope in the pot beat down the blocc the best the I got she is my rocc
voight se aposenta e CPD morre
Why Equifax needs to give up some details about how it got hacked
Insidious was straight jumped a lil bit n shit
wow I love feeling like shit
How can I make this short and sweet? I’m broke and homeless, have been for around 10 years now. Every once and awhile a man comes by and gives me some new blankets and food, but lately I think he forgot about me.
CLEARED - pothole:I-30 E eastbound Arlington
CLEARED - object on roadway:to SH-121 N / SH-183 E eastbound Hurst
Is it necessary to know every tiny bit
Your spot on the avengers will always be here for you # Rescue
Jack is a great husband to Rebecca. I’m in tears..again
& when i do they only can watch them for a certain amount of time .
I sit and I think about her like what can I do different to make her smile
BITCH YOU GOT ME FUCKED UP F U C K E D U P
In general, this pattern of thought works this way: Excellence in action (virtue: voluntary uprightness) is bad because so long as [x good] happens, there's an excuse to not throw [y] on the bed of procrustes.
i wanna be cuddled right now and have my back rubbed until i fall asleep
the world needs more love and more kind hearted people
é nois, migos was great to meet all of you, i really appreciate the time that i spent here, love u ♡
fr fr tho. i think i drank too much cough syrup bc now i want to vomit
“I vote for Vanille to approach Fang first..”
how do you expect Allah to Answer you if you don't call out to Him?
i don't know what to say , bu t/t e (re) ye (a) t 0ff an(d) e'ye w/h e'ye (a) t
OMFG last night I forgot Will would like to remind you all of my past
Alright! It's time to sleep! Good night everyone!
Aaron Hernandez next week on #48 hours #Enough Is Enough
I need to get out the house
They aint have to do us like that lol
IF we really need lists of unbounded length - e.g. infinite scrolling - then we can recover it by diffing only the list length, and then reverting to a static shape per list element.
I been needing new music lately...so does anyone have any suggestions (except country)
Bergeron: In West Quebec province born and raised, where we don’t say go, we say “Allez”! Went to Gatden to take on the Canes and surprised you all with a four goal game. #N H L Bruins #Fresh Princeof Boston
As long as you honest w/ me, I'll rock w/ you on some forever type shit.
I’m the one to turn you away to help YALL relationship
Ouf after watching mixnine donghun is slowly sliding up my a.c.e bias list ://
Let’s Go Rams! Beat the Falcons
*boy doesn't respond to me* I don't need a guy, I like being alone *texts me hours later* Hello my name is booboo the fool
One thing that sucks about working out is actually getting up to do the workout
Wind 7.9 km/h E. Barometer 1009.0 hPa, Steady. Temperature 24.1 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 42%
alam nyo yung feeling na when u randomly remember those silly kinds of memories then suddenly u cant stop smiling... jusko haha!
Into social media? Then you will want to read: To Follow or Not to Follow – That is the Social Media Question?
There are many systems: Scalping,Swing, etc. but they also have many flaws. News Trader is the best way to make much money! #Low Risk #MAM
↜↝ U p d a t e s ↜↝
Only one team, the LAKings (95), has given up less goals than the #N H L Bruins (96) so far this season. #Bruins Fam
I just want someone who’s lowkey and wants to duck off like i do.
I come from a long line of them.... shit rolls through my flesh... believe that
Another hour! It's January 07, 2018 at 07:00AM God loves you Prophet Muhammad Peace be upon him Calls you to Paradise
4 yo: "BOBA FETT?! Just like SMURFETTE!! They both end in FET!"
someone for the love of god..,.dateme please i’m b e gging
Ex factor by Pnb rock ft A boogie deserves a Grammy
I took Jaiden to Chuck E Cheese’s today and a girl passed by me & said my make up was “on point”
Took a huge L at the casino today
Really missing my nose ring lol
Pray for my strength tomorrow pls
Comedians in cars getting coffee watch it! #netflix#comediansincarsgettingcoffee
Temp 0.8C. Pressure 1023.6hPa Rising. Wind 5.0km/h E. Rain today 0.0mm. UV index 0. Outlook:Settled fine # crew e # weather
11:00 PM AGAWAM CURRENT CONDITIONS: Wind Chill Warning, Temperature 1.0 F, Wind Chill -16.5 F, Dew Point -10.7 F, Wind 12.5mph W, Gust 40.3mph, Rain 0.00in, Snow 0.00in # w x #ma w x
It is only when we no longer compulsively need someone that we can have a real relationship with them.
That outside dick keep them hoes sick.
Temp: 2.0 C Wind:0.0mph Pressure: 1021.0hpa Rain Today 0.0mm Forecast: Fine weather # beach le y weather
You just a fan,you don't hold rank
the greatest show on turf was live af
i just fell down the stairs & my sister looked at me & said “your’e all of a sudden pretty”
Our Lord, make us not a trial for those who practice oppression; and save us, by Your mercy, from those who reject You. Ameen
GUYS, RIGHT NOW WE HAVE TO VOTE KIM TAEHYUNG TO MAKE IT 50/50 PL E A SE #B T Soutcast D4
04:00. Temp 2.5C. Wind 0.7mph E. Press 1026.6mb, Rising. Rain today 0.0mm. Hum 70%. Forecast Settled fine.
All my life I wanted to know what feeling loved by someone else would feel like, never got as a child because my parents were gone the majority of my life.
Be out here embarrassing y’all girlfriends
I miss you. Pero alam ko u dnt miss me
05:00 Temp 6.5°C Feels like 4.4°C Day's High 6.5°C/Low 6.1°C Rain 0.0mm/hr 14.4mm/24hr Wind 6.1km/h E Press 1006.6mb Falling slowly
Vankab Nethgabet, Ghostly Tanner has risen and is haunting the fortress! #Dwarf Fortress
Movies tonight with Denzel. Yay! Lol
04:00 7/1/2018 Baro 1022.6 mb Temp 2.5oC Rain 0 mm Gust/hour 23.0 mph E Ave speed 6.2 mph
Wind 13.5 km/h E. Barometer 1009.4 mb, Falling slowly. Temperature 20.6 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 50%
The weather right now is 1° and a few
10:00 PM:Temp: 9.9F - Wind: 2.2 m/s (E) -Barometer: 30.280 hPa - Humidity: 63%25 - Rain: 0.00#fb
Wind 5.2 kts E. Barometer 1015.9 hPa, Falling. Temperature 30.7 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 50%
22:00 Temp: 52.8 F Chill: 48.0 F Wind:E 11.0 G 17.0 Hum: 61% Bar: 1020.10mb Falling|Rain: Today 0.00", Jan 0.00", 0.00" yr # g t x w x
Temp 25.5°C, Humidity 52%, Barometer 1013.3mb and Rising. Wind 8.6km/h E. Rain last hour/today 0.0mm/0.0mm.
Don’t ask me why I’ve gained weight got a lot going on right now health wise it will come back off # downfall
I'm so happy to be part of a growing network of women on Twitter who have made the break from abusive relationships & are voicing their experiences. If reading our stories gives another woman struggling to leave the extra little bit of determination to do so then that's brilliant
Probably no stream today, but i guess i am now streaming too?
I'm going home today probably no stream.
Oh fuck the worst decisions you idiotic voters, that missed the Discord invite, there's still hope!
if the poll is 50 50 i'm jumping
Wind 4.0 mph E. Barometer 30.467 in, Steady. Temperature 31.6 °F. Rain today 0.00 in. Humidity 57%
Wind 4 mph E. Barometer 986.2 hPa, Rising slowly. Temperature 3.1 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 81%
Used “killing me smalls” line in control room. then my coworker Easy E Estrada asked what that line was from. Therefore he was killin me smalls ABOUT killin me smalls
Wind 1.3 mph E. Barometer 1024.3 mb, Rising slowly. Temperature -0.9 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 84%
i know how to WALWAL and also know how to ARAL ARAL
not wearing makeup feels so good until you actually look at yourself in the mirror and realize you look sick
My job hosting our winter bash on the 20th open bar and all dat and my coworkers can’t fathom the fact that I don’t wanna go
E and t swam in an outdoor heated pool while people walked by looking very confused.
Wind 5.0 mph E. Barometer 1027.46 mb, Rising slowly. Temperature 3.8 °C. Rain today 0.0mm. Humidity 76%
Wind 0,0 m/s E. Barometer 1023,6 hPa, Steady. Temperature -11,2 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 47%
Yassi, Nadine, and Sarah G in one opening number! Awesome! There’s no denying the hotness! #ASAP2018
Guess who has a doctors appointment and has conquered a life time of trypanophobia
I know they wouldn’t, but it wouldn’t be the worst thing if LA stayed in the Coliseum. It’s an amazing stadium.
animals are such a blessing oml i want to drown in a pile of fur
Can’t remember the last time I lost a game of air hockey, if ever... seriously, In my head I’m like 89-0... real talk
Up Country Maui Weather 6:00 PM partly cloudy Wind 1.9 MPH E. Baro 30.067 in. Temp 65.3 F. Rain 0.00 in. Humidity 81% %23fb
I was finally watching that swat TV show with shemar Moore and my only question is,,,,,, why does he give off a speech in every episode? Lol I'm serious
I wish they could have done better casting folk that could actually play lol
there’s some things you gotta learn that only you can show yourself
TRIED TO TURN OFF A LIGHT SWITCH AND GOT SHOCKED
Personality tests are demonic. -Luke's mom
Working 7 days a week really makes me miss school
U kno how many MUA I see blowing on their clients strip lashes b4 applying it to their eyes smh
Remember that one time when I didn’t even know you ? Yeaa , it can easily go back to that
preparing myself, bc i know it’s about to get worse tonight
shoutout to whoever invented socks yo fr
oh yes wait a minute mr schwan’s man
imagine being a rams player and getting told your team is moving to LA.
To add insult to # i d i o c racy , Trump was colluding with Putin over *dirt*. I.e., personal crap that doesn't have anything to do with policy & that doesn't really matter. It is, however, about the only thing #MAGA & # resist idiots care about.
liki this & i'll dm yii i nimi, thin yii qiito with yiir thiights in thim
MY SEARCH FOR CINDERELLA MOVES TO LAS VEGAS
i be missin my girl dawg
there are these three super loyal kids i have added on snap, i have never snapped them back (at least not in the past 6 months) but every single day, without fail, i get a streaks snap from all three of them
Hailey better not have her hair in a bun tomorrow ! I want her pink short hair down and a bit wavy, or maybe with some extensions, but still down ! Please !
They need to fix the field smh
Fuck my house... take me back to Est. Querendaro
As Epiphany comes to an end, it’s clear some people on this hell site could use one. Desperately.
i just noticed e**ls replied to my tweets 4 days ago bc of i said don't tag bts but i didn't see their replies on my mention XDDD
LANDS FIVE QUADS CAN'T LAND HIS AXEL W/E AFTER THIS CURSED ICE
“We are all broken, that’s how the light gets in”
at some pointnin my dream i was a girl with b e a u t i f u l short hair but now im awake so im angry
exo vai fazer 3 fucking shows na tailandia com a elyxion e 0 shows brasil disappointed but not surprised
I'm not ready to leave the comfort of my home for the dorms :-(
Just played in front of my grandpas brothers and anxiety has hit
My favorite pastime is reading tweets in different voices to Courtney
Trumaine look at his hands every time he get caught on smh
Well, UK did beat UT in football this year. Guess that’s a positive. Oh wait, everyone beat UT in football this year.
the dance nia does while casting a spell
It's too cold for you here..
He post your pic bitch don’t fooled bitch he is goingggggg
im so sad my math class on a saturday
Maybe we’ll get a TD on this drive?
Also, I’m learning to stick up for myself and not feel bad about it.
If you don’t fuck with me then don’t fuck with me but what you not gonna do is act like you fuck with me when I’m around then tryna bash me from a far nahh fam.
All has been done. Back to reality.
i miss CASA take me back
can i get a kiss and can you make it last forevaaaaa
If you work really hard, and you're kind, amazing things will happen. ― Conan O'Brien # quote
Can't tell if you wanna hang out please
Wth KY. What happened to our defense? #BBN
I really don’t eat, shxt is unhealthy
UM NEW EPISODES OF TRADING SPACES ARE COMING BACK TO TLC I REPEAT TRADING SPACES IS BACK I AM * S C R E A M I N G *
the end of the fucking world é seu grande final de merda
Is it trendy to be obsessed with wine or have people always been obsessed and I am just now noticing? # some wine is gross #stoppretendingyouli k eit # k
Standard Access-list's = DONE! Tomorrow morning: BGP Filtering: Extended Access-lists, or maybe I'll start by re-doing this lab. That seems to be a good way to review.
#Now Playing Swing Down Chariot (LP Version) - Randy Travis on # e g i m radio
honestly on my 94th round of singing stab stab stab myseld dabby do not rob me in the tune of the squid chopping song from victorious tonight alone
I'm selling Jags Playoff Tix for a buddy who couldn't make it to the game Section 101 Row E Seats 1 and 2 $400 OBO Message me!
Positive thoughts and good vibes might make someone else feel better, but interceding on their behalf can change their circumstances...and them! #40 Days Of Prayer
Nothing makes you feel safer than hearing “I got you”
KAT finally balled playin against AD
Never be an option. Always and forever be a privilege.
Felt so productive, a good year starter. Blessed Sunday my dudes.
The "Fluoride stare" is a new and increasingly popular term among conspiracy theorists for the look that normal people give them when they have said something bafflingly stupid. It is named after supposed poisoning that conspiracy theorists think normal people get from the e…
only the gang survive it's family first
She one of the funniest ppl I know man on God
YassDine plus Enchong and Rayver. Woohhhh #Ja Dine Revolution On A S A P2018
This program bores me to death # us champs 18
This past week and a half i went on vacation and ate terribly and didn’t workout once. I had a hell of a time but starting tomorrow I’m getting my shit straight again and getting my ass back in shape. Dream bod here we come
• Sunday 7 January 2018 (in real time): 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 ===== ===== CEJones
There is so much to be grateful for, that you really don’t even need to express a reason! #Blessed And Grateful
& jst like that I’m rite back . It’s too colddddd for dis shit !
I’m still think if I should vote for Kim Seokjin and Kim Taehyung because I HAVE NO CLUE WHO TO VOTE afskdjsksh # b t s o u t c a s t d 4
It’s soo cold outside my key snapped In half trying to open my door
Trust in the process, see the beauty in the struggle
my parents just discovered bitmoji and now will only communicate with me through it pleas e help
frk me I want the doll but... but
Niggas ain’t slick... at all lmfao lul husssy
I’m trying to make it clear that getting half of you just ain’t enough.
You should know I'm the one who's in control. I'll let you go and take the wheel long as you don't forget who got the P O W E R .
James Reid next shems tas Jadine yieeeee ohmyghad #Ja Dine Revolution On A S A P2018 #ASAP2018
L.E.T.G.O = Leave Everything To God Okay?
It’s really funny how much I don’t care lol
I don't know if that bunny knows he about to get severely fucked up in a couple episodes. Frieza doesn't play that shit.
Protect yourself Progress yourself Listen to yourself Know yourself
Always listen and always pay attention
in times like this the only effective ''lotion'' is vaseline bruv
its gon be caled wtf is wrong with yall
37: Rostand, E.: A kiss is a secret told to the mouth instead of the ear.
Now I feel more confident to say how I feel and not be scared to say it.
College is like looking both ways before you cross the street and then getting hit by an airplane
where was everybody when I was just hurt
Tell me what you know about me W E B B I E aka trill E.N.T young S A V A G E nigga
The irony about life is that we focus so much on the end result that we forget the journey is what really matters
Who wants to workout chest w me tomorrow since my bf decides to make plans w other people?
" i hate expecting but i always end up with it. " t a e
I'VE. BECOMED SO EASY A B L // E
Authenticity should be in everyone’s new year resolution
Drunk me is the me I always wanna be!! Im hella confident and make friends fairly easy.
You can not make someone care
i lov e dr horrible i have to rewatch it bc i just only remember neil patricks
Run (toss) Run (up the middle) Pass/Sack Hope i’m wrong
Soaking in the tub eating a burrito cause that’s just how dis bitch rolls
Hold on to that lead, Vols.
Miguel’s 5 year old ish nephew is more gangster than half of gangster twitter omg
It’s a cold winter round here I’m just trying live it up
those were the good old days
i just want somebody to mf acknowledge and edit the cq and dabby parallels for gods sake do i have to do EVERYTHING myself
Cuz said “wtf offset was locked”
I’m really researching what happens to the body after death .. at this time
Upcoming recorder thread inspired by playing through Pokémon Gold on the 3DS virtual console
I’m 0.2 seconds from cutting my hair. Should I do it?
Bullet wound? No biggie, I can still dance, no need to go to A&E.
Only took 18 years for a 4 goal game by a single Bruins player. Makes perfect sense that it was Bergeron who did it! #N H L Bruins
This year I decided to be more decisive...Well let me tell you, it’s been 6 days and I feel so good and confident in myself. With decision making comes assertiveness.
Big Grant getting that dish from Fulky. Cue Rocky Top.
Ed Sheeran songs always make me smile
So happy I’m back at my place i don’t even want to go to sleep
It be them nights when u REALLY don’t wanna sleep alone this that night for me.
I can always pretend I’m okay, but it doesn’t mean I don’t get hurt.
Shamiah and I were playing 2 truths & 1 lie and she kept telling me 3 truths like wtf
I fucked up a lot last year. This year I’m tryna right all my wrongs.
In 2018 I’m only dating milfs
You humans just be talking Im convinced
Maggie fell asleep on me and I can feel her heart beating... is this love???
I’m done being emo for now
i intend to take care of my family myself
i cant stop thinking about story sophistication. It's about story sophistication. It's about
Running through the six with my hoes.
It baffles me how people are just now getting hipp to Bando y’all really fake migos fans
As you are finalizing your syllabi or prepping lectures, include resources about how students can manage stress or deal with mental illness.
Fam flavored blunts are so trash
This is another sign that Vanderbilt needs to be playing soon.
me when the Sims tries to show me tutorials: do you know how many hours ive put into your creation, E. A. James?
I can’t believe I’m about to watch insidious..... like hell nah
just another sign i haven’t met “the one” yet
Happy day, happy day! You washed my sin away.
My mom is sooo funny !
Cause here I am, I’m giving all I can but all you ever do is mess it up.
Basically, if you wouldn't tell your able-bodied colleague that they inspire you, you probably shouldn't tell your disabled colleague that, either.
I don't mean to say you should never tell a disabled person you are glad they have overcome their personal challenges, either. But the key word is "personal." This discussion requires a level of closeness with someone, and there is a time and a place for it.
Kicking off with lemony arugula spaghetti cacio e pepe and my taste buds are invigorated
Let me just invest in getting my logo done because i don’t know enough of photoshop or illustrator to do it myself...meh
Damn Alex smith just played his last game as a chief . Watch
I made tender bits for my baby. If making vegan food for him while I’m a straight carnivore ain’t love, idk what is...
Get it boys or just Grayson bc idk where E is lmaooo
Let’s see what this offense does
i call all the dibs on M I N E
It’s time for a Matt Ryan pick 6 bro...
I need a drink....lowkey I dont....but highkey I want 10
Today’s time at the gym was the hardest so far.
Anddddd my daddy is the best always for helping me get started on my projects. PLAN CAMPERVAN UNDERWAY. # van life # best friend
The bad chick you want, may be easy on the eyes and appealing to your hormones. But a Good Woman, will be easy on the heart and appealing to your future....
US 160: Passenger vehicle chain law from USFS 037 (5m E of Pagosa Springs) to MM 176 (Wolf Creek Pass).
Kill the Clock! Run Run Run!
I’m really trying not to catch an attitude rn but these people in Applebees are going to bring out the old me.
Don’t invite me if ion fw some ppl there
PLEASSEEE MY DAD JUST FOUND MY TWITTER SO FAST AND I ASKED HOW HE FOUND ME AND HE BAS ME BLOCKED ON HIS ACVOUNT
Luke 4:18 “The Spirit of the Lord is upon me, because he has anointed me to proclaim good news to the poor.”
Beat:E3, MOTOR VEHICLE COLLISION at E PIKE ST / BELLEVUE AV reported on 1/6/2018 7:30 PM, Call# 18000007122
Why are starters the worst..I have so much motivation to write but none for starters
Because love is like a drug And u must be the plug .
Nathan could sit down in the middle of the ice and still get an Olympic spot. That's how amazing he is
If I get drunk I’m definitely goin to mbar, I heard vibes was nicer tho
Jamaicans never say Nike with the E on the end
I'm so confused at this point
Being a student is not easy
jonghyun keeps repeating Lonely and End of the Day on my YT autoplaylist...........
goddess of love, please take me to your venus
Its meant to be like this
VOU VER THE END OF THE FUCKING WORLD LA LA LA
Just found out my sister likes slavic hardbass, and guys I know what disappointment feels like now
Lambs make it a 1 score game!
let me throw some knowledge at him
Got three beats(paid for) to start the year off right in music.
We need a stop D! #L A Rams
We need a huge drive here
well this ain't the first time that Vegeta has freed himself from mind control, i.e. Buu Saga #Dragon Ball Super is on Toonami
Still in rank. Wait until finals end.
not gonna let these bullshit happenings in my life take over my 2018.
Driving bumping this Jeffery, with this crown dancing in my cup
1h56 Sgt Peppers, The Beatles, Help, Revolver, Rubber Soul e Let It Be. Next album: Magical Mystery Tour
Uganda Knuckles meme will blow up in these next few months
To get dressed up tonight and go out, or to stay in....
“That looks like something a mom who has 8 inch acrylics would wear” -Josh talking about Jenna’s clothing
eu tava vendo aquele happiness train e eu realmente so amo markgyeom the only bitches i ever trusted
Nobody wins when the family feuds!!
Hi all! Is there any way one can get patches from your fav police agencies? E.g., Tulsa, RCSD, Pinal County, etc. Thanks.
Y’all Cosette was brunette and now she’s blonde Stage magic
goodnight I love a.c.e so much
This nigga is making me wanna go out and turn up lmao
Increase compassion, it will extend your Grace...
actually doing a checklist to force me to be ~p r o d u c t i v e~ today!!!!!!!! # not ol u lid life 2018
Music needs more well thought out key changes. I love me a good song with a sneaky key change
Ain’t nothing like that “I didn’t smoke all day” migraine
Alex has exhilaration, and I have happy tears... #Love On The Slopes
Officially decided that im taking E’Lye to disneyland for his 3rd birthday
Remember i use to record my ringtone everytime B.E.T played my favorite song i put my phone close af to the tv
Yayyyy!!! Allie deserves this!!! After allll she’s dealt with she deserves a baby! #Ten Days In The Valley
i like to be all under my girl ..
i have worked oh so hard to build MY empire. MY business. MY baby. One day I’ll be on top of the world doing some of the biggest things people never would imagine me doing. Just watch.
Day 6 of the new year: found the leaky pipes and then found the house was again at 65 because the exhaust froze. Can’t wait to get back in the 30s
[] i haven't gotten out of bed the whole day and I've just been having sleep for breakfast, lunch, and dinner
when your life is actually slowly falling apart and your just sitting in your room alone in the dark and accepting it..
Brazilians never say the name of the thing we want its always "pega essa(e) coisinha/negocinho pra mim"
All I want for my birthday is a big bear season pass, if anyone was wondering.
When Sza says “this time next year I’ll be living so good won’t remember your name” THAT SHIT HITS ME ! Like when will that be me ?
Branden told me gay people choose to be gay cause its popular. Anyone want a little brother
AmericanExpressmattvermillion Looping in AskAmex to see if they can help with your question. ^E
"you can't loose what you never have"
There’s so much p*rn on my tl let me d*e
is your phone charged now, pcy- :(
unless you're a jerk or a creep. then b e gon e
Enough of this leftist propaganda! File suit!
When your values are clear to you, making decisions becomes easier. - Roy E. Disney
Tough Love - Closer To Love Ft A*M*E (Radio) # now playing
I want someone took my shit for me instead i took my shit myself, that lazy i am..!!
I’m so ready to gtf it’s not even funny b
Yes, I retweet my own tweets once in awhile. IDGAF.
When you accidentally like some shit but the person gone still get the notification
I don't know where Zizek stands but the same logic works here: "Good people are the worst people because they give the impression that goodness is good, when in fact people need to be abolished and replaced with things which cannot err."
every girl wants to be appreciated
How many hidden mass graves of children killed by world leaders (or their 'hitmen' / relatives) are out there?
People already talking about Valentines Day. Well damn can we get through January or talk about relevant shit at least! damn
mind full of thoughts // i'm ready to go to sleep
Insidious is a crazy ass movie, I love it
I’ve got 100$ in ulta giftcards someone please help me figure out what to get. Slid in the dms with your fav makeup/brushes/anything please.
People stating support for a group they’ve hurt as part of their apology is so irritating because it’s so hollow and shows they’ve failed to truly understand what they did wrong. E.g. DL saying she supports social justice after getting caught saying the n-word.
Gente the end of the fucking world é muito legal
i ruin a lot of good things that come into my life
Some teenagers think it is cool to act totally aloof.. They just become a pain in the bud!
I'm on my phone to much
#ASAP2018 WTF! SARAH G SO FAB, LODI WHAT AN OPENING NUMBAH OF U
|| Welp, I take the zero notifications as a no for my offer. I'll just log off for good. Night y'all.
The last of the human freedoms is to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances. Viktor E. Frankl # v i k tore frank l
I'm an better rapper than yall think.
may I just say how dare anyone make me feel this many feelings
G o n z a g a is leading at the half 46-41 over LMU. #W C Choops #LMU # G o n z a g a
Eu to obrigando todas as pessoas com quem converso a assistirem Into The Wild e The End Of The Fuc**ng World
Are they trying to play defense?
I will pay A&E to give this lady a reality show like how many times are we gonna see her tonight? # l i v e p d
I really found a genuine soul.
Nevermind i looked at it and it looks trash e w
Just drank a whole bottle of wine by myself ask me how my day went
3rd and 14. And u run? Coach of the year they say?
It's wild that Crunchyroll completely ceases to work on a weekly basis. Even worse is that it affects its premium members too. Imagine any other major streaming service just, not working, whenever they upload a new episode or series.
I haven’t seen Bergeron this happy since his son was born. #N H L Bruins
I wish I was Molly Weasley so I could make my house clean itself.
DONT EVER FUCKING FLY WITH THE AIRLINE SUN COUNTRY
After a rough couple of days I’m back right where I want to be
Always tell me one thing. Then say something else behind my back. Typical.
Please tell me Alex will be taking Cole with her on her ticket to paradise! #Love On The Slopes
My man love him some E
paint me a picture w ur true colors
keep the ungrateful away from me.
like this tweet to be added to a #Breaking Bad groupchat - must have finished the show -must love jesse and hate walt
“your shit ain’t getting me high no more”
No one is getting in the way. I mean no one.
YOU FOLKS EVER GO BACK AND WATCH A CARTOON YOU WATCHED EVERY SINGLE DAY WHEN YOU WERE A DUMB BABY CHILD AS AN ADULT AND GET REALLY EMOTIONAL AND CRY A LIL BIT!?
# Now playing O.P.E.N FANTASY - Please & Secret (Anniversary)
I would m u r d e r to learn how to watercolor. Otherwise it’s a lot of fucking brushpens
none of nct's performances have topped black on black
i just finished a fanfic based on speak now by taylor and the author could have perfectly finished it with "i'm glad you were around when they said speak now" BUT NO you had one job
why do it feel later than it really is
There is no need to have it all, just make the best of what you have.
I should’ve went to Oceanside tonight
Soon enough New York will be the place I call home.
Yeah you know my girl nice And I swear she dey dress yo
Chicken enchiladas, and refried beans and chicken n broccoli rice
we are drinking wine out of a box
wow school starts up again Monday ! i honestly can't wait to get back to learning . i'm ready to slay the 2nd semester # lets get it #Medical Student
georgia is going to make this semester so much more tolerable. i don't know what i would have done without her
Flirtaus is 15 and here I am 19 yo never done anything so deep
Really wish I was more careful with my phone
She was suspicious from the start! # l i v e p d
to the girl at chicken e who asked me if I was learning how to drive & I answered “yes”. I’m sorry I didn’t actually register what you said.. I swear I’m 17 & know what I’m doing
You can love someone and not know it. You can not love someone and not know it either. We’re all learning.
You just got me fucked up and didn’t expect me to do something about it.
“Hey Jordan, what’s your type?” Ugly white boy sorry not sorry
England are reeling at 15/2 trailing by 288 runs.Can England save this Test to prevent a 4-0 scoreline? # A s h e s #A U Sv E N G # Cricket
"Success is not a place that we aspire to, it is a process in which we live by. Often the only ingredient being the ability to not quit" - author unkown # quote # quote oftheday
I got my old thing back
I feel like setting a whole bunch of stuff on fire
Life is hard but Grind Don't Stop...
The narrative this creates: he was at the height of his career - off E.T. And Indiana Jones - then becomes so addicted to coke he accidentally makes Maximum Overdrive. Having hit rock bottom, he gets it together and goes on to make Jurassic Park and Schindler’s List.
i want my booty ate like it’s not tomorrow RN
Let’s b clear baby, u won’t b stressin’ me in my prime now
This 2018 i hope to have more cash, clothes, love, walwal... foodsssss
I'm gonna watch Clear Card now, I can't wait
The ONLY time Knox puts his hands up on D is when he gets scored on or gets called for a foul
Can I tell you that I'm empty? This is all that I see clearly Can I tell you that I'm empty? This is all that I see clearly
in the future they will determine your race not by self identification or by visual cues but by determining which group you most prefer to be around
Drinking all those memories away TONIGHT!!
Skan & Krale - No Glory (ft. M.I.M.E & Drama B)
Can’t sleep cos I’m laid thinking about all the times I should have been a cunt but wasn’t
♭♪ 𝕄 ℙ 𝔻 Server #Now Playing Eazy-E_Eazy_Duz_It_(Full_Album).mp3
Shit I’ll be seeing on the regular in my future.. # ml r
A novel is a printed circuit through which flows the force of a reader's own life. -E.L. Doctorow #BTD # am writing # writers life
the law boys play too dirty
Offense needs to score a touchdown ASAP!!! NO FUCKING EXCUSES
It’s time for this team to grow up. Final five and a half, let’s finish this one.
Rams did all that only to get a FG
idk whats happening but all im saying is that e & g are on dates i hope they get that good succ after
I ready to start working again
They're trying to set up a Ficken field goal that guy has the perfect last name #A T Lvs L A R
I’m still tryna recover from last night
Quiting Comp For A While Just Till I Get Everthing figured out .....
I have about 7 friends in Colorado and 4 of them are my local liquor store clerks.
haven’t had the urge to cuss in 3 days you don’t need vulgarity to get a point across if what comes out ya mouth is genuinely real.
It’s so hard not to be shady/salty but I’m an upfront (sorta) b now sooooooo this is the only subtweet I’m going to make. AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH yes this was directed at you.
Just wrote another fucking hit...excuse my language
i am hungry... S E N D H E L P
Fun fact: J*hnathan makes me w*nt to d*e :)
You give love a bad name
Terminei 'The End of The Fucking World' e..vai tomar no cu, zero necessidade desse cliffhanger no final.
It's too cold to sleep alone, but also too cold to leave the house to go to anyone.
My mom is screaming at the top of her lungs for this rams vs. falcons game
I think what's preparing us, is that inevitably, we have to look at these people we're definitely connected to but only until we break free!
I’m sooo in love with my hair thanks to The Queen B
I think when I see him in a jersey for the first time I’ll be more excited
"Rob Weaver... registered E.R. patients, gathered insurance information and collected copays... St. John’s officials described this as an “entry level” job."
Ronnie Bell “paying” the shipping cost has tickled me // I’m officially home
i just wanna talk to the person who gave jiwon bangs
If by some miracle I ever get like another kid and it's a boy, I am calling them old people names. Coz I feel like Jeremiah, Amos, Ephantus...thems the names that will be cool when everyone else is called a variation of Jabali
I don't like this 6 point lead smh
i miss jeon jungkook so bad
They smile up in my face but they don’t know what I been through..
I wanna start my pin collection. Give me links to cute/awesome pins! I have lots of Disney pins already but I'd love to throw in some non Disney and support other artists!
i’m not leaving twitter alone until someone does my eyebrows
wait shit i have 2 more fcuk
Just found out that the reason my boobs hurt so damn bad is because I’m lactating , I’m a freaking cow
WOW AKIRA R E A L L Y PULLED THAT SHIT ARE YOU KIDDING ME
Kotori stop writing fanfictions about me.
Almost copped a barça kit just now but I was able to restrain myself
i wish they l e a v e m e a l o n e
CHECK OUT A L L T H E T H I N G S
I have never smiled so hard
Ain’t gonna lie, the actors are FINE
Man I hate this weather (-4)
Bars are where the move is at usually
Why is my iPhone autocorrecting Elvis to Levi’s? How dare it not know such a legend. That’s got me all shook up.
My bows are made of f l e s h
Making mistakes doesn't mean you're terrible, only human.
I need to win this lotto tonight y’all. I don’t know how much more of work I can take. LoL.
I love this show yall. So many khh artists i know bein brought up casually i love it. Swings, Mad Clown, Giriboy, San E, ect. This is only like 3 eps in lets see who else comes up.
“I got some regular ass weed for a regular ass bitch”- DD
も：Draped in the reds and golds of autumn, gorgeous Mt. Myogi.
“The noblest art is that of making others happy” -P.T Barnum
2018 we still hella cynical babyyyyyyy
“You cannot judge people because they sin differently than you.”
my acne is trying to destroy me
Peanut farmer. That's what I want to b
You must love somebody, that is how u keep living...
do you say lollipop or sucker?
The Greastest Showman.... wow just wow. speechless. 10/10
I'm gunna be so drunk tonight
It’s so heartwarming seeing how much Mino has leveled up in terms of popularity and relevance throughout the years like wow. A lyrical genius, self taught artist, variety gem, and charismatic performer. His talents are shining and getting acknowledged more I’m just so proud
Oh this melatonin is about to have me knocked out
regardless what happens here we just need to score 17 pts at home against either of these teams to beat them
Thinking toooooo deep can cause me to lose my mind
If only God would let me give that angel a heaven..
I just got pulled over. It’s too cold for this nigga come on now. stop playing you know your uniform not thick enough for this
「I worded that wrong but w/e. Sleeping pill kicking in rip me goodnight.」
Can you unscramble the letters and find the correct word? S G E A T. # puzzle # i n d i e d e v # brain tease r # brain sport # brain games
A shawl is a simple item of clothing, loosely worn over the shoulders, upper body and arms, and sometimes also over the head. # shawl # k a s h m i r # cashmere #pashm_e_Kashmir
Friend :make a holy joke Me: joke about satan. Friend: you re a saint. Me: God have a sense of humor too. #God Is Good # holy # humor
Avg Wind:14kts, Gust:18kts, Wave Height:0.3m, Wave Period:3s, Wind Dir:84 °(E), Gust Dir:84 °(E) at 07/01/2018 03:48:00
Avg Wind:16kts, Gust:29kts, Wind Dir:91 °(E), Gust Dir:98 °(E), Water Temp:8 °C at 07/01/2018 03:48:00
Avg Wind:16kts, Gust:22kts, Wave Height:0.9m, Wind Dir:82 °(E), Gust Dir:105 °(E), Water Temp:9.2 °C at 07/01/2018 03:48:00
Never let ‘em know they are better than yu
Avg Wind:26kts, Gust:30kts, Wind Dir:68 °(E), Gust Dir:72 °(E) at 07/01/2018 03:50:00
Water Temp:7.2 °C, Avg Wind:12kts, Wave Height:0.9m, Wave Period:4s, Gust Dir:88 °(E), Gust:17kts at 07/01/2018 03:53:00
Who needs a Nola team scrim?
when your older brother gets you sick <<
Smile, it will feel you better :)
*C O N S U M E S*
Lmao migs is jammin tf in the shower
Business Meetings over dinner are S U P E R B
Ugh I’m so excited to move to where not one person knows me
As I told lady freeze when I pulled her plug: “this is a one woman show”
I feel like Ain been out to eat in a long time
“You must always have faith in people. And you must always have faith in yourself.” - Elle Woods
What is wrong with you pipol??
The most popular genre of video game post-9/11 has been the one where a stubbly white guy goes to another country and shoots up a bunch of non-white guys For Great Justice, but sure, it's the nerdy indie games that are "too political"
Ficken hero kick might be in the mix
E. coli outbreak reaches MI; romaine lettuce suspected
I’ve been off of twitter for so long that at times I don’t know what to tweet
3rd & 14....what we gone do
Al Michaels definitely never saw Entourage. Great show.
Never in a millions years would I believed such heinous stories when I was growing up. (Ferdinand Marcos procuring <10 year old boys/girls for US Presidents & other world leaders - and then just killing them off when they had no use for them anymore - burying them somewhere)
I’m so going to visit the Trump presidential library.
All I’ve been tryna do is find some bud all day and the forces of the world are against that
I haven’t played a single second of p5 but u bet ur ass im watching the anime
Anyone else having this problem with Devilment Crybaby? Sometimes, scenes are so dark it's hard to get a good look at the action (e.g. the Sirene fight).
And so to sum up the first period for the Ducks: A) Awful. B) Terrible. C) Brutal. D) Dreadful. E) Add your own adjective. F) All of the above. Flames up, 2-0. SOG: Calgary, 17-8.
i want to meet nuest w a.c.e suju taeyeon and mamamoo
I really wanna go out to eat like Ima cry
There we go Campbell!!!! Now let’s get a pick plz!!!
How many puns can i get away with # n e v b o t
Idk why but I’m watching Vanderpump Rules from the very beginning
Your smile your face your lips that I miss
disclosure as career path recovery ing
one more starter but i have no idea what to write so ¯_(ツ)_/¯
yeah i drink water W-la croix A- T- E- R-
Hey guys. I haven't taken a shower since last year.
Nothing is so common as the wish to be remarkable. William Shakespeare
Plan A B C D E F
We got 14 fkn minutes LA , LETS DO THIS
I remember when Lilly would bring up a vine and ask me if Ive seen it but Lilly gets these vines from the dark web and I never know wtf shes talking about.
People like that as I just rt’ed cant have nice things.
ONLY seats left for “A Weekend with E”
Care deeply, guard your joy protect your love...
R. E. S. P. E. C. T. YOURSELF. WHY SEND RED HEARTS WHEN LOVE IS NOT IN YOU?#
Istg if i was living with dukes i wouldnt even have to ask to do nun she always trusted me
n e way im voting for seokjin since all the clues point that way ! plus if namjoon ends up having to fight the one we choose, taehyung has the weapon so we don’t want that
Has anyone ever wondered why guys have nipples?
Man jolly rancher chews >>>>>> dumb firery
Fun fact about me: I am extra crazy on full moon. Hahahaha
So fucking grateful some things didnt turn out as i was hoping they would've. I love where my heart is
I should have enjoyed the ages 22-25 happy and free...
I love the flashback montage! And what a wonderful article! #Love On The Slopes
Oh wait no I think it was to kill a mockingbird
Mir favorite line when Im mad is , stfu you shouldn’t b letting mfs get you mad anyway love my bae bae
if my bro ended up with a girl i use to fw , that’s still my bro & ima wish them the best
ya boy can’t win for losing.
Tennessee is moving the ball better this half than they have all year.
im trying to watch power on my phone but icant find a website .
He’s mine until I’m done with him.
Fight The Bad Feeling - T-Max is one of the best ost from BoF Kaso d ko lubos maisip na may ballad, dance at club version sya
Guys, I had a pretty intense night and I want to talk about it. When I’m in bed I will tell all about it
The dark side inside you makes you so small
"She said she's never been afraid. Just picture everybody naked." Hahaha!
Cuz if we lost our minds and we took it way too far. I know we'd be alright. We would be alright.
Baby, we don't stand a chance. It's sad, but it's true.
Where'd you wanna go? How much you wanna risk?
Three of Keith Sweat songs stuck in my head
When u creep hard af and let me just say I'm sorry for your standards lol
really good documentaries close up on the word mother in the dictionary when someone's talking about their mom
Tomorrow, I will be productive !
there is nothing better then being happy
I walked in to the dollar general seeing the cashier guy eating a chicken tender & i felt that on a spiritual level
im so stuck on him, smh
I’m sorry but not hydrating enough is not acceptable at this level. Washington should know better.
Shit always work out at the end
NOW Gurley will take over this game...
NAMJOON WANT TO DO SOMETHING ACCEPT OR DECLINE? yoongi : D E C L I N E #B T Soutcast D4
Look for growth on all levels, life never stands still.
“But please . . . don’t keep trying to fix us, Harper. We’re not broken.” ― Rachel Hawkins, Rebel Belle
You stopped fw me for w.e reason I started doing me you caused this
Knox, Diallo and SGA have literally gave us nothing.
Let's see the CA budget reflect the true value of education for all. Invest in our schools now. Our schools are not the problem. We need the financial resources to do the work. #Ploski Superintendent #Lean In2018 # Education for all #Students First
You are supposed to blend your contour.
oh shit it’s doing numbers again. while y’all here ....... F L L W M E
IM IN LOVE WITHT DA SONGSJSNSSN
Too cold to move but I’m hungry
Pray to Carson Clause every night before bed, thanking him for the life you've been given.
THE SIMS TOOK MY DAUGHTER AUTUMN AWAY. W H O. G A V E T H E M T H E R I G H T
I kinda wish i would have just stayed single after me and my child’s father broke up because I’m 25 this the age i should be in a happy healthy relationship
Awkwardly standing against the wall in my kitchen pretending like I remember what I was gonna do
All I can do is smile these days. Sunshine and the cloudy days.
Ohh ya. There's huge different between then and than. Then : more to right at that moment. E.g. The price was a bit cheaper then. Than : use for comparative. E.g. I would rather walk than drive.
Ain't do shit on weekdays and I ain't do shit on weekends my life is garbage
Kicks a human head across the TL.
I rather stay at home with my pyjamas on a cozy bed watching all kind a CW series, I repeat, I RATHER..!!
giving up ain't no joke no more. a bitch getting f-e-d uuuppppp
I'm eating a falafel sandwich while re watching the office. that's it. that's all. I've peaked.
For the record, I handle a cock better than she handles a wiener.
If I come up out this bonnet and Mfs playin about plans imma be pissed
I thought I seen somebody say street car name desire was on Netflix
I know your kind, how you lie like that.
After 40: # A v a l a n c he 4, # Wild 2!! #Go Avs Go
N*E*R*D’s album is growing on me.
4. I have been in 2 serious relationships 5. I can't think of a favourite but Vanderpump Rules is fuckin great for trash TV 6. Viola - N.E.R.D
Which sucks because my head won’t stop feeling all fuzzy so it’s hard to even get up
I'm in love with my ole lady. Girl so beautiful af inside and out
n!e!way heres my daily i miss sungmin tweet
Can we get some more of THAT !!! #Gurley4 M V P
Hard not to love Todd Gurley
If we give up this lead
Most of these bitches aint mine
OMG NADINE ANG SEXY MO SHET!!! #Ja Dine Revolution On A S A P2018
Everyone wants to see the star but no one wants to walk through the darkness
I want another One Of The Boys album from Katy next go round. Give me pop rock princess.
I want to go home but I’m scared of the cold
RT AmericanExpress "mattvermillion Looping in AskAmex to see if they can help with your question. ^E"
February L.E.A.F Life Enzyme Advanced formulation Leading Everyone Active & Fit click “LIKE” if you like the T-Shirt
You can’t possibly be happy when you try to attack every single damn thing. Use your wokeness selectively cause like everything else it can abuse it to absurd levels.
Just move forward but don't forget those precious people that made your life much fruitful <3
I will hate myself until I’m in the grave for taking these winter classes and voluntarily ruining my GPA
i’m watching the new insidious movie and i’m scared b y e
I want a girlfriend whether it hurts me or not
Slay mah q u e e n #Queen Kathryn A S A P2018
And I have to go back to work tomorrow night
D4 of fever, lethargy.. Housing area ni mmg black zone for dengue prone pon. malasnye nk g hospital
I honestly kinda wish I was talking to someone because man is being single getting boring.
And until now hindi ako nagsisisi na naging fan nila ako cuz they're something. Huhuz. From their movies, teleseryes and to their own music. They keep on slaying their own floor.
If the feds ain’t watching then them broads is
the next person i date better get along with e because if not it just can’t work out
It’s been 4 days and I still have the flu. It’s also been 4 days since I last really slept
...i swear my friend and doesn’t want me to like him
ASSALAM-O-ALIKUM Date:- 07-01-2018 RWP MORNING DISPATCH:- T.NO:- E.NO:- LATE:- 46DN 8301 R.T 104DN 6409 R.T 267U...
The work of Him who has called us can only be worked while it is Day. # f e b quotes #
Finally home. Miss the subway already. Miss New York already.
Friends come and go but the love is forever
I really got drunkkk w/ my coworkers tonight.. like drunkk.. i can’t w/ myself rn
Wizards cut the lead to 2-1.
Jacob whoever u r stop calling my e bf im tryna talk to him
If rd isn't gonna be renewed at least p l e a s e tell me that bh is going to be toghether and happy or i'll literally drown in tears
Robert woods really cookin...bills salty for giving him up.
Bout to eat this Raisin Bran crunch tho !
When your tea pot is getting washed, but you've bitten your cheek in the same spot 3 times in one day, and that day is freezing...I made multiple cups of tea . At once. # tea # tea forever # tea ismysanity #mmm tea # p otter head #Weasley Teacup # mom fuel
I just want Grayson to know I love him is that too much to ask?
muther fucker you just going to end it like that we waited 2 weeks wtf
Be thankful on a deeper level, gratitude garners promotion.
3rd and 15 and you play 20 yards back
How do people get such good scans of their pencil sketches to put online? Mine always end up looking too dark or bright.
"daddy turn your music down I can't hear my show!"
Performed many of her own stunts in the 2010 film Scott Pilgrim vs. the World #M E Wfact
I’m sooo in love with my hair
N.E.R.D ft Rihanna - Lemon eyyyyyyy
I want 2018 to be so much better than last year. So I’m working harder saving money & trying my hardest to do better. This year has to be better. I deserve it. We all do
G B Coin is a single global decentralized Ethereum + Blockchain platform to service clients in the international banking system. #G B Coin
I have many things to do. Instead I sit on social media and avoid them, like an adult.
they tell me i need to chill it's all in your head maybe i'm paranoid
It all makes you ponder.... if humans should even exist
Life is too short to cultivate bitterness, negativity, and divisiveness. Opinions are not fact, nor uplifting nor edifying. Passing them on is hurtful and prolongs problems without promoting solutions. Not operating from a moral compass has hurt this nation. Love>hate, light>dark
this I know: the will of God will never carry you where the grace of God cannot keep you
Imagine meeting a girl off twitter and thinking she doesn't have at least 4 other niggas on her e roster
The weakest plot of this series e yung investigation ni Agent Wells. Medyo unbelievable na she’s not dead at this point. And I’m just on episode 18 ng season 1.
The Boy who saved me..couldn't be Raku....!! #Chotoge Bot
queria muito o the most beautiful moment in life pt1 e 2, o young forever, o love yourself kkkkjkkquero todos
Don't be scared of me.. I'm just the ultimate powers that be... Mistakes get corrected
Get these bastards off the field NOW
IM JUST NOW WATCHING ATLANTA & BANKROLL PJ IS IN THIS EPISODE & I LITERALLY SCREAMED HES MY FAV!!!
if i pull my notification bar down & ion have no message babyyyyyy! it’s gone be H E L L.
wood wick candles are the best invention ever
Tunnel vision n I fasholy got my eyes on the prize
WHY DO I FEEL SO BAD WHEN THIS IS SO RIGHT
Ice tray the gang .. FUCK IT Ice tray the gang WOO
Eu confundo Stephen King com Stephen Hawking e vice-versa
I usually never cook when I'm at KBBQ but this time I did & my friends like my cooking skills
u big mad , im happy , leave me alone
hi my cramps have woken me up! it’s agony! whomst else is dying at ten to four on this fine morning
Mila weighed 15 lbs at her last appointment with the vet, we brought her in today, and now she weighs 30 lbs...
I am beyond yoked for the Waco mini series on Paramount Network. This one on A&E looks good too
I’m the only one tired in this entire house. Besides Sawyer.
chase a C H E C K never chase a B I T C H
Why haven't 1thek still upload the full last performance for the boys smh. They better upload this upcoming one or im a fite
Her FaceTime today was life. Hands down.
One thing people are never expecting: a kind response. So ALWAYS give that. If you can't, give no response at all. A major key.
Same nigga that you loving I’m avoiding
Six episodes into #Samurai Gourmet and I am still so perplexed by the concept of it... but who cares? I'm loving the show and I love food! I'm counting my days until I become an old, retired japanese man.
#AGDQ2018 is happening this upcoming week (i.e. TOMORROW), AND I HAVEN'T MADE ANY TWEETS TO CELEBRATE!? It's okay, retweets and comments incoming ALL WEEK LONG BABEH!!!
Bruh three way with my friends be crazy moe
People who think they know about soccer when they don’t even play it
I hate hanging out with drunk people when I’m sober.
I literally cannot even write this paper right now. This suuucks. Maybe some good music can get my thoughts flowing
I want a girl who goes to her schools games, not parties
Hes my biggest support and ive never been with someone who pushes me as much as he does.
At LEAST 5 years too late, right ? It cannot last, but… .
My niece have been watching frozen since yesterday and I can't help but to memorize all of the movie's songs like:)))))))
What affects one directly, affects all of us indirectly...
The Raid : Redemption Watch that shit every weekend man
I might have a prolonged time off from work if my car doesn't start so....yeah
Where should i get my next tattoo after i get my half sleeve colored
First down on 3rd & 15 smh
FACK IS END GAME FIGHT ME
Got some good(?) news regarding Terra: she has E. Coli, they're treating it with wide-spectrum antibiotics and hopefully that'll treat some of her other conditions too, but they'll keep up with the tests to make sure
Society is so rude to a nigga on a journey to find peace.
Yoongi really and dang “desmanito” I H a T e him
Sammy Watkins got one target all game
#A T Lvs L A Don't worry Rams fans, just because the Falcons have a lead doesn't mean that they will win.....i.e. Super Bowl 51
How do she know’s that he loves her
that tweet hit sooooo fucking hard
The end of the fucking world é muito bom
My neighbors complained because my car is too loud
If the giants made it to the playoffs, you already know Odell woulda had it lit.
"It's good that I picked iced tea. But not so good when guys come around to ask if they can buy me something else."
People will love you until they don’t need you anymore.
Mozzarella sticks are such a wierd food concoction
to 3 ep de the end of the f***king world e to achando uma bosta
Some of y’all be too woke for your own good man.
if you constantly speak something over yourself (i.e. worthlessness, depression, anxiety), don’t be surprised when those very things start to overtake you. Speak life into yourself and your soul, not death.
I don't trust ppl who wear their watches on the inside of their wrist
No more spending money for awhile
I don’t feel like I have a bestfriend honestly I can’t ever call my “best” when I wanna just tell her something that shit jive sad Asl
김냄새 FHJAHDKAJH. He once called Kim Taeri Taeriyaki so I'm not even surprised anymore LMAO
and when I was reading the book about Kennedy ("why he died..") - I was truly shocked at the ease at which those witnesses were killed off.
i want chicken nuggets, fries, nachos, cheese burger, shawarma and mcflurry
Strykore must be defeated at all costs.
# n j p w w k 12 was amazing. Okada is definitely one of my new favorites.
Jesus please don’t let the falcons mess this up
its’s sunday ohhh yay Family day!!!
Eating alone is the norm around here :')
God came through for me, would you look at that...
A blessed first Sunday of the year everyone!
I’m loving my new tatts man I was so tempted to get a third one
In 3 days all new studio music production from legendary Leroy Burgess and DJ MEL E MEL will begin
Gonna keep up going to the gym 4-5 days a week #Operation Transformation #No Days Off
Any Kids With Sharp Teeth At The Bottom Is Bad Asf IDGAF Fight Me
Listen. Why ya’ll hating on the Cosby show
Will I ever be able to say something together forever ? Only you can answer that
Yeah January is definitely gonna be my free trial of 2018
New Year weekend forced me to step my make up game up
I'll answer your question in DM.
Recognize your gifts, & share with others.
pOP TEAM EPIC FUCK I WAS SO ENGROSSED WATCHING IT O TYPED THE WRONG NAM E IM SORRY POPUKO
╳ ∙ Sorry for typos. I'm in a rush.--
For #EXO " # Universe " to win SBS <Inkigayo> 1st Place, please vote!!!
If a man can't wait then he's not worth it
Common GOFF , shake off the nerves !!!!
I say this everytime I go over there. &amp; I always go lmfao.
I need plans not tryin stay in this house
Spell haggard S H E K I A H
This is depressing not having a sitter for two kids
(Wave) SWELL: 1.0 ft at 14.3 s NNW / WIND WAVE: 5.9 ft at 7.7 s E / WVHT: 5.9 ft / APD: 5.6 s / MWD: 99° / 5:34p HST
acabei the end of the f**cking world e to preocupada com o final, quero season 2
The calling that the Light of God you have received must answer to in this hour is to be called DAY. # f e b quotes #
Yeah I’ll cut you off quicker then I meet you
“Set my soul on fiya My love for you no go expire”
cf gave up on being an e pastor to pursue his dream of reviewing ps2 games
Morrissey, Tin Cans, Radical Dads, and V I O L E N T M A E lately
I'm not mad at seeing the LA PR fumble and cost his team momentum in the Playoffs.
I think with the industry, everybody sleeps together I feel you're disrespectful if you touch my wife, anymore. I don't own her, MINE tho
#Live P D I hope A&E is interviewing law enforcement for that WACO show so we can hear BOTH sides.
give me drawing ideas pleas e
Im so excited to pick my boyfriend up. 12 days. 12 days.
i envy my cousin for being fashionable :/ yeah i admit i am not fashionable, i don't have money to buy clothes lol. but it doesn't matter to me somehow, maybe smiling will make me....idk what will it make me lol
but they really be lookin wore out
Barbie on youtube is the stuff yall
My sleeping pattern is sooo messed up
My roommate group chat >> all other group chats
Dry Jan going well so far
almost every bts song ever: ~rappers rap back to back ~tae & jimin share a verse ~chorus ~jungkook sings a verse ~rm raps 2 lines ~jin breathes ~jimin & jk end the song
I feel like I’m losing my mind
alcohol has happened, which means the already shitty quality of this fuckin twitter feed is about to hit negative numbers
Bought such a beautiful vase for these roses
Live each moment until u are full.
Going to bed! Falcons wrap this thang up!
honestly, was never sold on the rams so this is not a surprise. I knew this would happen
Dude i told my sister to not get a mustang and what does she do? Get a mustang instead of a Cadi
Donna e Eric reclamando do relacionamento do Hyde com a Jackie
"I'd give away my soul to hold you once again And never let this promise end..."
What the hell isna vaginal steam?!
If you knew that even not liking me that way, i will continue smiling when i see yours messages...
so I posted in the Facebook group about clean and unclean foods and I got reported. damn, women are ev(e)il.
This drive bout to b assssss
Why not just stamp it out here? Execution masquerading as exile. That`s all the Purge ever was.
Everywhere is 35 mins away in Los Angeles... doesn’t matter the mileage.. from 5 miles to 15miles still gonna be 35 mins.
Some real ass individuals really fuck with me
These Rams need to pull it together!!!! Wtf man!
E.Staal with his 19th. Wild are still losing but still...
Block list getting longer and longer
I'm just ready for my time
I am loving this movie. Great cast, great location..Kudos to Hallmark! BKLYN # love on the slopes
#LIVEPD on A&E missed last night. How’s The state trooper in AZ doing. Can’t remember his name
I’m just a free spirit, In love w life and living it to the fullest
Smoke too but, I can’t rn
Where are the single men, period?
ooooooooooo i didnt know glados was back in citta..brings back memories
The guy working at the Starbucks gave me a free drink
Alcohol can damage your DNA and increase cancer risk, according to new research
Get a girl with a little booty with potential and make hit fat all 2018
Caught my boyfriend checking me out
Why do i see local couples making YouTube channels talking bout “subscribe” boi for why?
Main goal for tomorrow clean the fuck out of my car
Just walked out to our truck and caught some guy peeing pretty much on it, real classy
on December 31, 2018, i want to see all 5 members of A.C.E together for Chan's birthday. I DONT WANT TO REPEAT 2017 OKAY.
I try not to be condescending on here to people who actually wanna have a rational conversation. That said, if you’re gonna be an asshole, I’m going to out class you in that category.
These 17 year olds be gettin fucked like a dog
"My voice is God's will, not mine."
Currently eating for the first time today.
My patience has become so bad I be wanting to stab
I dont, give uh, mudda, puck, boutta
2018 is off to a good start.
Alot of yall caught my eye today
I wanna pick up another person to eRa tonight dm me
And for the record, I feel that I'm lost again.
cuz it all falls down in forever
11:11 I'm the nicest rude person you'll ever met.
Friendly reminder that E D G Y #Black Mirror show creator is the same as every other Communist piece of shit in the television industry. Might as well call it Blacked Mirror based on how disgustingly pozed the show is. He probably strongly supports "Hate Speech" laws...
I grew up thinking murder and rape were wrong. Silly me...The way these world leaders, CEO's, celebs,etc just off people (ESPECIALLY kids) - as if they were trash - is extraordinarily sad & depressing.
A lot of the bay area (especially San Francisco) over the past two decades has kinda become an upper middle class amusement park. What used to be real radical diversity has become ( d i v e r s i t y ™ )
shein charges less on mobile than on desktop that’s blatant disrespect
I just realized I’m going to be in the Netherlands, Germany, and Switzerland during the entire World Cup....dude........DUDE......D U D E
Just when I thought Vegeta was gonna whoop his ass, N.O.P.E
I'm so sleep deprived that today instead of asking the costumer if they had any coupons I asked if she had any cucumbers SOS
My phone dry asf I’m literally finna go the fuck to sleep boa
madonna - open your cy to me
HI! GUESS WHAT, I AM WATCHING F.R.I.E.N.D.S
Greenwood's score is so flawless and beautiful. The way PTA filmed this is so epic, it makes you feel like you are right there with the characters. Ohhh it's so good!! #Phantom Thread
no one understands the turnt lol
“Wow you’re always going out of town”......uhh yeah my best friends live far away but I still see them as a priority sooo
Justin won some money in his tournament, and I just won in uno Nothing but dubs tonight
i’m always so quick to please people but then my feelings are always put last
9. If the tub was large enough and we showered together first ( )
The Kylo Ren art meme reminds me of that Jesus restoration painting from like 2012.
They assume I just wanna fuck, WHY? “The last guy..” here we fucking go
I never really watch a documentary twice but this Ray Carruth documentary is something else. Smh.
my pot , my desa , my desabelle , my everything
im just gonna make a thread of cursed image ptg vs P R E T T Y pentagon bc i need to have some use for the like 2k+ ptg pics i have
my coworkers think I’m dumb cause I wear two diff earrings. Hey man...it’s a LOOK. XDDD
I’M ASKING THE STEVE HARRINGTON LOOKALIKE TO WINTER FORMAL
oh sweet i have a backup of peace on earth on here
Test ! Euiwoong is back ^O^
Let my ex know about you , because he can’t do the things you do
Officiating not helping Cats but shooting 6-16 this half and getting out rebounded isn’t helping either.
Moenae in here talking about play the song who don't have anymore watches...Girl u talking about Kevin Gates
I do the leg press and the other one similar to it
Hate sleeping alone been on repeat since I got off
you know I eat the cookie like I’m Lucious
acabei de terminar the end of the fucking world e to surpreso com o final aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
I think JJ got the idea of Kylo’s light saber from Pineapple Express
We're in position, Jesus our mission!!
The Most High will specially design your life to be an answer to the question and solution to the age-long problem of your days.
MY DAD SAID HE WOULD SO SHOULD I NOTCH MY EYEBROW
THIS TWEET GENUIS HOW DARE YOU IGNORE ME
i know i'm not the only one.
Hello world it’s me Kim trying something new
Den of thieves look like it's gone be good
I don’t even know what to look away from right now!
Listening to BTS while I fold and hang my laundry is so satisfying
Don't celebrate too hard or you're going to end up like the Chiefs.
"Why do you like everything on Insta and Twitter?" Uhhhhhh. Bc ik how good it feels to get my shit liked...
That blac youngsta - booty be getting me hype
ahahah yesss new prog house remix finished <3 all that's left is the cover art
Ya... coliseum to universal studios a smooth 14miles with traffic 35mins stop playing.
THERE ARE A BUNCH OF ACCOUNTS I WANT TO FOLLOW BUT MY BITCH ASS IS ON FOLLOW LIMIT AND I AM O F F E N D E D HOW WHY
As a Chiefs fan, these disappointments almost don't even hurt anymore. I'm just annoyed that I didn't bet on the Titans. I know better (and I'll bet against them next weekend)
You’ve got to learn to be okay with where you are in life...there’s always room for improvement but it’s time you pat yourself on the back for how far you’ve come & the changes you’ve already made. #Life Pain Wisdom
Aumenta no max e F the World
This why I’m not a fan of sitting players. Seem like the rams lost all the momentum we had
on snapchat someone asked me what i looked like and i responded simply with i look like a person.
I wish I had girl friends I can chill with, you fuck boys fucking it up for dudes with real intentions.
2018 we out here getting thicc
Finally a full day off all to myself
I love writing books but I also hate writing books
#Now Playing Oh Death (LP Version) - Randy Travis on # e g i m radio
And don’t share it everywhere!! It makes people feel bad!!! Don’t be a dick it’s not that hard!!
when you forget there is no loona tv on sundays........
how does Chloe always convinv e me to go out??? can't feel my hands and have made a tit of myself againnn bovv
Seth Myers taking a shot at the President in a commercial. Cool I guess.
Providence plowed like half of the street on half of the streets
god I hate yelling at my cat but occasionally he just?? won’t fuckin stop what he’s doing, and I would never hurt him so sometimes I have to hurt his f e e l i n g s and make me a MONSTER
tbh i hope gray & e get laid. they deserve it for dealing with our bitch asses 24/7.
Going to work at 8 in the morning to make breakfast pizza.
brf jv sur mn irl flem
I don’t think anyone understands how much I hate having my time wasted.
I want y’all to understand it’s bad yo like when he can’t figure something out on his computer he says he’s being hacked because “they’re” tryna find out who he is
BAYMAX!!!! NO OTHER BAYMAX CAN REPLACE YOUUUUUU SHEEET PETMALUUUUU
This bangs disturbs my views. *flips* # melon b o t
Honestly sometimes I hate social media, except E & G make it enjoyable
Trying to figure out this art world
We lead 1-0 after 1 period!
Gimme a good movie to watch?
Someone check my pulse I’m too high , please n thx
2018 is the year of being impatient
CANCEL THIS SEASON C A N C E L
oh no i have another ailee x woozi fic prompt IM NOT DONE WITH MY OTHER WIPS YET???
Hi friends HAHAHAHA sending the peaceful d*ck and the j**** HAAHAHA
Anyway. That guy who is really tall in buzzfeed, i saw him near griffith park a while ago.
A nice cat dismantled ancient Binkos, but this means A sweet dog munched ugly trees. Yare yare. # losing it
Let’s make being real & human cool again
Finished Braiding & Crocheting Mama Mohawk I'm Sleepy
it is 2018 (!) and the fact we all have to travel around by burning gas via technology developed in the 1800s is just kind of utter insanity
Gotta work on my leg strength when I go back to the gym
You can buy sex but still... you know what I’m tryna say. You can’t buy that shit from me tho lol.
Good night everyone. Let's get some rest and wake up tomorrow and go forth being better than we were today!
i know my auntie is now actually about to go the speed limit & we got 135 more miles to go
Going to work in a cafe in Sawtelle/Brentwood tomorrow.
4th qt gives me Anxiety like hell superbowl gave me PTSD
i forgot how disgusting maryville’s water is
I ask god every night to protect and bless everyone in my life ... even the fakes
Bae just asked if I knew Spanish.... na bro I’m just Mexican
Today my grandmoms husband further elaborated on his delusion of him being a former FBI agent
I need to print so many photos so I can cover my wall in my fave photos
Can't get Phantom Thread out of my mind! It really blew me away. It honestly might be the best movie about love I've ever seen.
I was just on the shower for 20 minutes thinking about Derek Hale’s character development You can’t tell I was crying because it could have just been water from the shower, who knows?
it's time to be stressed again
It’s the 4th quarter!! WIN THE DAMN BALL GAME
I could probably eat pizza for the rest of my life and be happy
I love how this defense is looking! Keep it up fellas #In Brotherhood
All I know is that - a few years ago - I got to the point where I realized all of that type of stuff was possible (& then "likely" & then "highly likely") - and that was 1 of the saddest things I've had to face/realize
If anyone is trying to find a good show to watch on Netflix I highly suggest The Punisher
That "gagoed" tho. Gago with the e d hahahahaha
can someone tell shi, sana, and jimin that i genuinely love them [pˀlˀeˀaˀsˀeˀ].
Buddy I be soooo tired from work. I been sleep since I got off.. that was at 3
I want some boba tea I haven't had one in a long time and I wanttttttt
The people that talk the most shit get no shit done
whyyyy when I’m finally about to go to sleep . I get hungry . my stomach wasn’t talkin a minute ago tf .
G B Coin - The cryptocurrency that gives You the financial system. #G B Coin
I bought reading glasses and honestly good vision is wasted on me because I look better with glasses.
How can you post every single thing you do on social media
*list all 1000 things that happened to her face* “ I’m really looking forward to what 2018 brings to my face” -trynadee
WHEN YOU HEAR ME SPIT,IT'S JUST ME,MY LAPTOP,2 TINY SPEAKERS.THAT'S IT.I KNOW,I'M GETTING A MIC,AND A VOICE PROCESSOR.AT LEAST PLEASE LISTEN TO MY JOINTS IF YOU CAN AND LIKE IF YOU DO THANK YOU
Anyone here that isn't lazy and can make me cry
Haney with another 3 pointer to close the lead to 9 points. #LMU
So today, I bought cookies (ten minutes before the grocery store closed, mind you) just because they had my country flag all over it... I feel like I have reached a new low.
Ordered myself a copy of #Kids Deserve It and # lead lap I’m so excited! # ya y for me
Is stranger things on Netflix good ?
JAMES WENT LIVE WITH Dang, what about the people that helped u get there (: DALLAS AND I MISSED IT WTF
2016-2019? Why I'm seeing myself in 2019 still in love with u? Even in 2020? 2021? 2022 on so on? Why? Ajuju
I wish I could have gotten more backstory on the elves but it was pretty good! I’ll definitely watch a sequel! # bright
Yesterday Night: "DJ" pero wla OG na remix and gets music on trap nation N O I C E
"she was there when no one else was"
I’m single. Just feel like a lot of y’all didn’t know and want me on the low. So gone hop in that inbox
This secret Flyleaf set is sick
I be so quick to call my grandma on my mom
Those lil fugazi Gucci "Queen" shirts must be selling out. Lmao i'm seeing em everywhere..
I LOVE THAT FS ANYWAY BECAUSE OF MOULIN ROUGE BUT THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL The raised arms in jumps always slay me tbh theyre beautiful what a good boy
Tay has been sitting in the tube like rev run for an hour and now she’s taking a shower sis i have to pee
oh yeah i got a new b e d it’s a full size and two times wider than my two mattresses i had stacked on the floor it’s so comfy and warm aGH
Do the w h o l e fuckin thing
I keep lean and po up my plug Dr. Phil
baby texted me & said daddy otw
Lol! He kept it too real...
terminei the end of the fucking world e to triste porque acabou
wish I could bring my dog to school with me :(
I value things that $$$ can’t buy: Intimacy, deep conversations, sex, etc.
IM CRYING BC I JS WATCHED JCS NEW VIDEO AND IT WAS THE SWEETEST THING EVER
Kid: you have to watch Black Mirror! Me: ok, let’s watch it now. Start from the beginning. Kid: I heard no one does in the first one. I like it better when people die in them. Me:...
this night is turning out bad. and its my last night in LA. Oh well.
Vou gravar emperors new clothes Dont stop believing E alguma outra random
orion loves the donkey kong theme song and he dances to it every time it plays. what did i do to deserve such a cute nephew?
The struggle of drinking tea as much as I do? Constant need to pee
Why the still got cooper returning l.. he can’t hold on the ball G.. where is Tavon Austin?
i love getting screeners !!! just watched get out and now the big sick
Better alone than in bad company
Ok Cooper you can stop dropping the ball now
This weekend I took a class, taught by myself, on how to fuck myself in the ass. It hurt and I lost money and lost a friend. Don't be me.
The truth is like rain, it don’t give a fuck who it fall on
You’re still holding on, let go.
I want to live in the 80’s
Having my first bad day of the year. Hopefully one of few this time around.
my heads been hurting all day... kmn
Grant Williams with a reality check at halftime. COUNT THAT BASKET BIG MAN!
i dONT WANNA CRY ANYMORE BUT I CANT STOP ASFKSHD
It’s cold asf In my room
Telling me that I really am not good enough for you actually really hurts me
Bec's mom came into schmidts today and I told zo " that she's mom , give her my 30% bc she's my second mom"
What?! Game over, obviously UK can’t do anything but foul. What a joke! SKJ was straight up
if I sleep w my shoes on, ion trust ya
Today I laughed a lot wow
Wowww. Slept my whole day away just for them to cancel work
nunna asked if i want to go to england this summer. hell yeah i wanna go see my family
We're off to somewhere. And it's even the last day of our vacay. So, why not make the most of it.
I could never hurt you like the way you did to me
You can’t break your New Year’s resolutions if you don’t make any
e&g look happier when they’re in new jersey... with their family :)
Why did they change the NetID login... literally pointless.
Sometime it seems people just want to be angry and see that mirrored in the world. Spread love. Call out evil, but show how to love, too.
Honestly a lot of people are shit
1068.93 USD away from a phone..
"The More you PRAISE & CELEBRATE your Life, the... M O R E there is in Life to Celebrate!" ~Oprah
New Semester = New Beginning Last Semester in the Past !
it was a fun night, thank you fam!
Why’d I choose to start washing clothes so late
You think your new friend may, in fact, have got you mixed up with someone else.
I am the sand in the bottom half of the hourglass.
Off work, gotta watch this dbs
Houston has a rugby team and I wanna go to some games.
Sarah, aged 27.5, on a Saturday night at 10:45 pm: “What chair is in Frasier Crane’s bathroom and how do I get myself a bathroom recliner?”
finally got vincent his Christmas gift
I'm TIRED. (T)icked off. (I)rritated. (R)eady to cry. (E)xtremely upset. (D)one.
So not in the mood for this Carnival. That fact is annoying.
I’m not gon act like I don’t love ya baby cause deep in my mind, I know I do
Baby you look happier, you do I knew one day you'd fall for someone new But if he breaks your heart like lovers do Just know that I'll be waiting here for you
Elle’s facial expressions are always so funny i can’t
I still want you, only you
Feels good not to be a pool monster anymore cant lie! So happy i made it out in both!!!
My sleeping pattern is officially fucked.. again
I only work like 2 days a week lately so I shouldn't be such a wimp but I r e a l l y don't wanna work tomorrow
Niggas don’t even be creative when naming projects anymore... or maybe they are but the music is just not matching up.
People always leave, even if they promise a thousand times that they won't.
I do not know for how long. Pero I uninstalled my fb app. It was consuming so much of my time eh. Hahaaha. Goodluck sa journey ko
I don’t ask NOBODY for shitttttttttttt !!!!!!!
All my niggas getting out of jail
RIEN / NOTHING January 07, 2018 at 04:46AM
Rams don't score here, its over.
i just read someones thread about their haunted house at 4 in the morning &it gave me war flashbacks and now im hearing noises too hello 911 i dont wanna play with demons
and after I read that "The Graves" blind - about several world leaders keeping young girls and boys & then killing/burying them under the Getty monorail or museum after the Marcos fled Philippines - I just don't know what to even say
idk what this is but it’s C U T E
Idk why my feet are so cold, I been single for years
We deadass watching rush hour, haven’t seen this one in a long time
Lamia e chicken dinner ron oyst
I’m going to turn into a damn prune if I keep taking these long ass baths
Bathroom scales: hey, you've managed to lose the weight you put on over Christmas break Me: TIME TO ORDER PIZZA TO CELEBRATE
Y’all lied to me, Bright was really good!!!!!
Babe REALLY needs to hurry up & get off
I can't wait to have wifi again. GRR.
I, TONYA MORE LIKE ME, SCREAMING
I can't handle the hypocrisy here. You talk like you care about depression so much but go all savage and nuts over ruining an idol's reputation, also mentioning worsening a fan's case of depression. Ya'll should be ashamed of yourselves.
it’s 2018 now we’re leaving fake “fitness” accounts in 2017
I’m so excited to wake up tomorrow because I got a discount maple pecan creamer at Target today & I know it’s gonna be bomb in my coffee
You want snacks or food and don’t feel like goin outside? Download gopuff lmao
My mom has been too ratchet lately saying “yo” “ya boo” “nigga” “that bitch” “lit”, she definitely needs to relax lmao
Bryant settling in for 6 mor e FGs
The “Lovely Bones” Be Having Me So Fucking Mad ! I Hate That Man In Real Life
I’m THROWING TF UP at Drumline 2 right now
I was gonna try and stay up for m9 but.....nvm I guess
TAEJIN PLAYED IT BEFORE?????? W H A T U M E A N
Going to the bar with my parents, definitely not as lame as it seems.
I'm tired of waiting but I respect the process.. If you rush, God's plan won't be quite done.. so, you'll end up, not having as much fun!
mattvermillion Looping in AskAmex to see if they can help with your question. ^E
Like in half part of ep 1, we have to edit from Singlish to English for ep 3 so it took us few people to modify
Answering or being called 'DAY' is a divine calling and that calling your life shall fulfill this year in Jesus name.
I love when people call me Barry in my mentions thinking it's my real name lls.
A best notif: xxx added Gold Rose [Triatafyllo tales] to Intruiging SCI-FI Intruiging talaga bes?
As soon as i r e pledge allegiance to America my passport photo should look like the Joker
“Sometimes, we do the wrong things for the right reasons...”
It has been a pleasure watching Nathan Lyon develop over the years to become one of the world's best off spinners
Firstly, leave your cringey attitude in middle school pls and thank you no one wants to see you saying you’re “kool” And better than people cause you’re spamming the fucking gc with your plans that you didn’t invite anyone else to
WAIT HOW TF DO I GET TO CATCH UP WITH # b t sou t cast
It’s crazy that these old ass niggas really be hurt, like to sit up and still be talking or thinking about someone after a few years is really sad
I'm not your second choice nor your backup plan. So don't text me when you're bored.
Also it’s been an hour since our “short” wait to get my mom a room started!
Need to show IG my dancing to trap music on a daily basis. I am too good at it LOL
They bashing the LA Coliseum? I mean it’s a relic what do you expect
i think my depression has just been C U R E D
Bitch, I'm just a beautiful disaster.
When someone says their going to change i expect to see actions fuck all that talking bs
The only movie I have to watch is twilight #team Jacob
I literally have 2 friends and 2 cousins. Bitches move funny......I been limited my surroundings
(Wave) SWELL: 2.6 ft at 15.4 s NW / WIND WAVE: 5.9 ft at 8.3 s E / WVHT: 6.2 ft / APD: 6.1 s / MWD: 324° / 5:30p HST
If you prayed as much as you worry. You'd have less to worry about. Don't panic, pray. Don't worry, worship. Don't tremble, trust...
Does Snow want some mustard? W e l l. He can’t have shit!
Mahrez to Liverpool. Malcom to Arsenal. Us? We are going to Dubai!!! Yei!
The next time I’m getting weave is for my birthday I’m loving my natural hair rn
Just one bullet to the head, thanks.
& I must look like I like youngstas I'll take you mfs down , through there (Phil Boi voice) Y'all mammies can't take care of y'all, me & my kids. Cause ain't shit free PERIODDD
Uhh so #B T Soutcast? I like it. I'm into it. Oops??
Q: Patient is presented with Osteoporosis which risk factors include ________ a.aging b.smoking c.sedentary lifestyle d.long term steroid use e.All # Nursing #NCLEX
Wind 0,0 kts E. Barometer 1012,9 hPa, Falling slowly. Temperature 17,2 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 99%
Good afternoon! No weather concerns for Domestic flights, in the afternoon of JAN 7.
to assistindo good morning call e aaaaaaaaaaaaaa
anyone else like a song cause of one stupid dumb drop!?!? cause same!
Just lit a candle and took a bath to the whole H.E.R. Album and it was so therapeutic
Im really excited for jikook week
my aunt mixed up Ryan Gosling and Ryan Reynolds and i’ve never felt more disrespected in my life
Donald Trump is like Homer Simpson except Homer Simpson is wholesome and loves his family and usually tries to make things better to everyone basically what I'm saying is they're both stupid and yellow
A guy asked me out to on a date and later on introduced me to his roommate. I’m way more into the roommate. Do I
Feeling like fuck everybody at tha moment
Knew I should’ve went with my first mind ...
From talking with friends and family I have found that the problem with mainstream crypto adoption is that people are more interested in MAKING money rather than FIXING money. How do we address this???
"This is the meaning of true love, to give until it hurts" - St. Mother Teresa
Our Captain and Mack with the assists on Mikko's 15th goal of the season! #Go Avs Go
i don’t want to anymore, i really really just don’t want to ... lord jaaayyysus just give me the strength to shut it off # will power me up
Fortune 500 be funding the Democrats and The Republicans just so u know...
idc what y’all say, this hookah got me high asf lmao my eyes low and shit
I took so many screenshots but i dont want to spoil
oh estava com tanto sono e agora estou toda awake why god why
That kind of feeling when you have options but both options still not any closed to your favor most. But you just can't let go any opportunities come, right?
Pls im B O R E D
if someone wants to give me attention, it'd be much appreciated
Can someone help me with OBS?
my mam actually put hot water bottles in my bed so it’d be warm when I got home what an absolute angel
What doesn’t add up is whats being said vs my actions and product. I’m the source fuck word to mouth yah know.
Waaaa #Baek Chen on my tl sooo cuteee i rlly love these two cute and adorable puppies cause who wouldn't right? You can tell that they adore each other just by a single glance on how they take care of e/o
like leave me a l o n e fuck. always do the most
I’m so done with this au WHY
I will say this once: when my mom tells me I should read my Bible, it makes me NOT WANT TO READ IT. #girl S T O P
Dear Steve, Can we run the offense like this every week? Sincerley Russ -Falcons fan
3RD DIMENSIONAL MAN PIGS HATE HOW THE POWER OF (LOVE) MAGICALLY FUCKED THEIR EGOTISTICAL VIEWS UP
CLEARED: ACCIDENT IN ROADWAY-PROPERTY DAMAGE at N DAVIDSON ST & E 15TH ST #CLT #CMPD_Eastway
God im so sick of being depressed
ja vi mean girls ai clueless e agora 10 things i hate about you pois farofeira
So konti lang flights to cebu from cgy and i don’t like the sked hmmmmmm what if magbarko ko to cebu? A l o n e ?
So fucking great to hear em calling Morgan’s name so much today. Huge plays by my guy #97!
Don’t rush shit and pay 10x the price for these trendy p&s, I found two Stylus Epics the past two months for a combined total of $8, just be diligent bby
Now I’ll have to catch up with the #B T Soutcast D4
I have several rants I need to do so just give me a second
Geezus just seen throwback jerseys, velour suits, durags, and even crooked Nike headbands... man were those good times
i never went out of my way to try & watch Power. but now i understand.
PUT PJ BACK IN AND GET RID OF KEVIN KNOX
SO IF ANYONE WANTS TO WATCH CCS AND LIKE DOESNT HAVE CRUNCHYROLL LMK I HAVE AN EXTRA GUEST PASS
Logic,to me,consciousness,was lowered to a heavier vibe state,via Mind,itself,& Material ideals,the barrier to the way back
I can't find the nerve to say I miss you more than anybody should.
Giving them clues but didn’t noticed.
But I won’t forget where I came from and how far I came
Every year there is a team that gets hot at the right time. # f al cons
everyone is getting bangs and everyone looks better than i do with them can i d*e
Things you wanna do after watching Call Me by Your Name are go to the somewhere in Northern Italy and buy a yellow bag
Abi need to send those slaps she played last night
My friends strange addiction is ranch and sand. Wtf.
I'm at a Jimmy Page tribute show and I'm like the only e t h n i c person in the balcony section lmao
I want it slow tonight so baby dim the lights
My mom wants the house clean when she gets home from work. I'm not gonna start until 1 hour before her arrival home. FACTS
lol it's cos jikook played them before that's why they're corrupted files e....eh???????
Get f'ed with these field goals! Ugh, I actually dislike him more than Julio and Matt Ryan.
( {{{{{{{{L O V E}}}}}}}} ) ☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆ Love is the Star, of every song and every Movie... # Love is the Star of the world! : ) #Much Love -J. Leon (C.T.)
Getting an idea should be like sitting down on a pin. It should make you jump up and do something. -E.L. Simpson
What is red and blue, and purple and green? No one can reach it, not even the queen?
Gue pingin nonton The Time Traveler's Wife lagi Oke. Ini. Random.
I been ugly for the last 2 days I’m fed up
the sun of my infancy had set: surely, you all know those redolent remnants of day suspended, with the midges,
A break-up foiled engagement ending in a peaceful parting. (Heart aches with happily-ever-after on its way) #Love On The Slopes
There’s four Lauren’s on this season, I feel like I’m watching the roster for one of my classes at SAU #The Bachelor
You know what's called dying in just a few hours? It's called "sleep" hon
n e way i’m making a 2017 TFIL recap video so i’ll post that hopefully monday
oh my God this person I used to work with just retweeted like all of t***p's rants from today and I'm 99% she's not RTing ironically.
If your word aint shit neither are you
(and ps you could have spent that comment retweeting it and passing the link on which is help sooooo)
Boy praying march get here and I just start my new life and leave this old one
Noooooooo Allie!!! Why would you do it like that??? I know you wanted to protect Lake but that truth will ruin this man!!! Yikes!!!! #Ten Days In The Valley
Blogs that don't monitor comments along the lines of "Based on your taste and interests you should do the world a favour....haha" are such a major turn off. Especially when they are about self-care. Integrity matters. Just saying.
PlexPy (Plex) H.E.R. - My Song was recently added to Plex.
Eli Scott, goes back at him with post move of his own and scores. #LMU #CSOVERLOAD
A JACQUELINE VIU O JOSH E A GINNY
The wild speculation on Sheen was maybe that Marlon Brando did something to him when he was very young - There were a lot of people on the set of Apocalypse Now. Since I was reading about Coppola it made me think of that set too
Only way I'm hitting that highway tonight is to get with my man!
S.2 E.5 Ellis Grey: “It’s awful being a grown up. But the carousel never stops turning. You can’t get off”
"I dropped all my hoes just for you tonight!" Thanks Denzel, true friend lmao.
Ginger root & honey in my tea please I don’t want no damn sugar
you’re not even mine and i wanna know when you’re going to stop playing innocent girls and treating them like shit.... like seriously stop fucking cheating just stay loyal or don’t get into the relationship at all.
That kicker a weapon stop playing wit that man
Matt BRYANT best player on the team ! He got over half the points in the last two games !
It's been a sweet day though....
THUS WAS SO GOOD AND INTENSE AND FUCK?
I drove to two different stores to get two didferent ice creams, I got my pizza rolls, I got my rellos, I got my wine. It's bouta be a bomb ass night.
"twileks are the most likely to end up in an interspecies relationship" "because they're a hot alien babe" "e x a c t l y"
Matt Bryant best kicker in the NFL...
i should mention this is only bc he was friends with my dad in high school, not bc of anything i did or w/e lol
Matt Bryant looking like Kobe Bryant out there
me: *walks through door at parents house* family: OMG DWIGHT me: oh
I wana do shit but I'm too tired
I DEAD ASS JUST SAID ILL GIVE $20 TO ANY GIRL WHO WILL COME DO MY EYEBROWS N I HAVENT GOT ONE PERSON TO VOLUNTEER
Trust me when I say this but if Baekhyun starts to act like somebody else and not himself, istg all hell's gonna break loose.
Definitely About To Take Me A Nice Bubble Bath Since I Can't Smoke And Relax .
Matt Bryant couldn't make that kick in the 2002 playoffs yet here we are in 2018 he does
Y’all know what ima going to say...so I’m not even going to say it!
i took a 5 hour nap today and here i am, ready for bed
I wanna be better than I was, better than I am, so all I’m tryna say is I thank youuuuu
Fouls 17-9 so far. Almost double on UK
The new year really don’t feel new
I LOVE Phyllis from the office....I feel a deep personal connection with her
Update she's 14 and I'm untalented
One of them get under a blanket and don't wanna get out lol...
No ar DOWNTOWN by ANITTA E J BALVIN
E agora é aquela cena shall I say it shall I wait shall I do it? What if it goes wrong? what if she thinks I'm a psycho? What if she sees this but she doesn't know it's for her
SO CCS THAT WAS SO OH? AND SO HIGH DEFINITION
Oh my god, Crunchyroll is down because # c c s aku r a ♡ HOW MANY FANS AROUND THE WORLD?!
the word 'really' can go from being a softener to an intensifier just by moving it over a place i.e. "i don't really think" > "i really don't think" man english is crazy
Got some conditioning in today at practice #B H Tigers
Matt Bryant is the REAL MVP! # F al cons #Rise Up
Until the light of God is completely divided and separated from every form of darkness it cannot be called Day.
You all get disturbed when a lady breastfeeds around you but are perfectly fine standing next to someone that’s smoking a cigweirddd
New music out!!! Subscribe,comment, & like my video's My Youtube channel: E 2 Wavy
Welcome to the arena. Don't worry, I never lose a fight!
guys, for reference, that last one was a Funny Tweet™
while everyone is out partying my roommate and i are are laughing at tweets we are sending each other from across the room LIT
Matt Bryant is so money # F al cons
I’m sick and tired of field goals...GET IN THE END ZONE MATT RYAN
Hang on. Seokjin and Taehyung have the corrupted file which means it's not just one person behind this #B T Soutcast D4
Just paid for some branded packaging. Get ready to see the iPost-It note in stores near you.
William, do you need to visit the closet again?
VRISKA: Like that whole dramatic speech I gave when I jumped into the flaming pit.
We really been shooting since 9 am and I am beyond tired and still got one more set.
Thank god i didn’t get the baby
Apparently Logan Paul was in an episode of Law and Order: SVU where he played a bad guy who screamed “shut up, bitch!” and threatened to kill this woman because she wouldn’t stop crying A disgusting part for a disgusting human
I can’t stand people who wanna fight for relationships that are just super toxic! Do what’s best for you and forsure don’t care what anyone else thinks or says!
I want to eat whataburger one last time before I start my diet
It's cold this house has been really cold all day... Like the temperature is woo-hoo...
Rui with the nice post move to score 2 down low for the Zags.
This old hag really don’t miss FG’s!
Bro imagine if guys had full control of their penis. I mean, being able to wiggle it like a snake without hands would be dope.
Watching baby boy til I fall asleep
The end of the fucking world é mo doido
goodnight cuties, hope you smiled today, y’all will get noticed by Ariana and i hope you meet her one day, i love you. AGONYYYYYY (sorry i had to lmao)
I hope that one day, I can love the way that you love me.
Next weekend I’ll be in the white mountains staying in an old historic mansion #Martinis By The Fire
Like I can really say that no one In my lifetime has ever stepped to me about some alleged issues. It’s really just all word to mouth and I don’t want to intimated people but Idk why MF be scared to speak their mind.
Why is this field so trash ahh!!! Bruh
It will take the Light to adequately handle and check out the darkness out of it place of dominion and authority in this generation.
Deactivated my fb pages, so it's time to focus now on school
So I am not allow to have "internet friends", but my mother's definition of internet friend is someone you have talked privately with, so, I guess no dms, but I can still talk to people.
I start back working on Saturday and I’m so excited lol y’all don’t even understand
Everything says Vegas should steamroll this NYR team tomorrow, so probably 4-1 NYR win coming b/c Lundqvist.
i'm not wasting me (ye) i.d. s m(e)ar (k) t - 0/0-L-(b-) e- (n-) d- 0f- t- doesn't want me to be with me' ye n (d) s
Sometimes in our life, all have sorrows but it doesn't mean we need to give up.
Those pictures of Jesus just don't pass the eye test, no offense but that's not Him one iota
3RD DIMENSIONAL MAN PIGS HATE (EQUALITY)
I mean its just the same cycle with everyone in these relationships. Imma have to hold out on all that an break ittt
Fuck you if you end a perfectly good zombie match
Im gonna fight yall for making me vote for kim taehyung because all yall's theories really point out to him. The only thing that pointed out to seokjin is the lack of "hyung" #btsoutcast D4
friggin like it to focus on Decepticon turf you know, it's our
Boy pussy gone block me then talk shit
To soon got tell but I like I wanna be the only one you're calling baby
I need new shows to watch halp
The end of the fucking world
Was asked by a colleague to read a new ESL # grammar book & write a review of it for publication in Canada. Very excited! #TESL #TESOL
It’s w.e man Idec nomo man
My parents used to take me every year until I turned 10 :((((((
Anybody know how to spell “ you bitches? “ “ F A K E “ there you go
Watch shawn stans crying and calling her a whore just for liking a pic lmao
edith: you lied to me thomas: i did e: you poisoned me t: i did e: you told you loved me t: i do. me: hey anyone else in this thread smoke weed
I’m obviously having a better time
vi black mirror e sto com medo de tweetar e receber message of unknow
What to eat? What to eat?
I just ordered some buffalo wings and some garlic parm wings....my night complete lol
slept at 6am and woke up at 11am .
So much difficulty for simple shit lol
Sometimes people just don’t deserve u in their life.
I'm actually super excited for the rest of it.
so my grandmother telling me about our family history and boy its like a movie.. full of drama.. shes half chinese and her grandmother made her parents break up.. im in tears
I hate when girls tweet about boys with girlfriends messaging them why don’t u tell the poor girl instead of being a sneaky twat
Most of the flat chested girls are born in June, December and October.
What does N_____ mean to you people at FB????? Apparently it means NIGGER BECAUSE YOU HAVE BLOCKED ME AGAIN FOR POSTING TO TRUMP'S SITE ABOUT THAT Negro obama!!!! You racist liberals need to get a life and quit blocking me!!!!!
LA Rams your field is trash tonight.... K thanks!
ok i’m seriously getting so frustrated rn
Iv'e just laid my eyes on an angle.
I just wanna stay home, drink red wine, and listen to some vinyls..
You are more than what you have become.
So E.L. James is gonna rewrite all the Fifty Shades books from Christian's perspective? What a way to make money on an idea already beat to the bone.
Where do you stand on the debate about Jimmy Haslam?
People scream shut up a whole lot in this game
My mom out living her best life rn in Vegas and visiting the Grand Canyon tomorrow and I’m here watching parks and rec, still in my Skyline uniform, waiting on my frozen pizza to cook and drinking boxed wine.
Having your nipples pierced in this type of weather is the worst.
i started reading the apollo trials books n apollo wants to look for percy so he can help him l e t h i m r e s t
TAKE THAT DUBNYK!!! MIKKO JUST GOT IT PAST YA!!! 4-1 AVS!!! #Go Avs Go #Avs Own Dubnyk
Finally decided to watch stranger things... man oh man
This time last year I was in a completely different world. Broken, shamed, unwanted, and hurt. This year...I am restored, whole, loved, and adored.
One of my best purchases of 2017 was definitely a subwoofer. # thump
If you feel you gonna bring me down to the low level you vibrate on you are painfully wrong. #Kill Them With Kindness2018 #Im Blessed
niggas wildn w/ these Ca$h App requests, don't ruin a good app
Remind these bitches to mind they business
I guess I'm just a selfish ghost
when Bad To The Bone is blasting really loud on the radio but you’re still sitting at an empty intersection not running the red light
harry potter e a prisioneira de askaban
I wanna go to Disney World this summer Haven’t gone in years :((
That is not a hack. I'm telling the truth.
So I guess I'm an ambivert
this man has been peppering his salad for like 2 mins. idk whether to be scared or impressed
Maaaaaaan my hair just had to be in a ponytail today.
I'm in the mood to torture someone.
MY DEAR CHILDREN RELIGION IS NOTHING BUT THE LOGIC OF EGOTISTICAL MINDS HELL BENT ON THE BETRAYAL OF (GOD)
For the past 3-4 days I have been randomly waking up around 5 in the morning. Pls kill me.
imagine having parents that encourage you even if you fail sometimes wow c a n t r e l a t e
Justin's about to have a new most liked post on ig
Next you're gonna say, "Dude stop saying 'Next you're gonna say'"
If I could I would do things differently...but the past is the past and I live with some regrets. we all do.
AFTER GST THE RELEVANCE OF PROPOSED e WAY BILL IS NOT UNDERSTANDABLE. IS THE SLOGAN OF "ONE COUNTRY, ONE TAX" ONLY A HOAX ???
ICE on my wrist, like I’m illegal
It takes a lot to keep my attention when it comes to shows-finished season 1 of Shameless and it’s just as good as everyone said if not better. I love Lip
btw JEFFREE STAR DESERVES B E T T E R
Belated Happy Virthday Kim Taehyung!Stay weird and awesome as always #Happy V Day #Happy Virthday #Happy Taehyung Day
OK SO FOR SURE IT'S JIN, G OOD THING I VOTED JIN
is wishing she could visit Boston and walk around Newbury St
But really I can do fine by myself that would just be a plus
My parents have been paying for all my alcohol while they are here in Cuse, can they like pay for all my alc for the rest of the semester?
Why we we got 2 deep safeties they ain’t throwing the ball more than 10 yards
If you think you are nearly giving up, why not think about the reason why you have started it in the first place.
Before God brings anyone to his or her Day of Glory, He will make sure that the Darkness is separated from such a Life. # f e b quote #
Update- “Good guys” are still in dead last.
So close, no matter how far Couldn't be much more from the heart Forever trusting who we are And nothing else matters
100% honest, i fuckin L I V E for gossip
I really want to unfollow all the current Howard students on my TL but that would take energy I don’t have
Living room and kitchen feel like an icebox. Meanwhile my room feels like a sauna
Y’all some napkins lol why is that funny to me
Nakakamiss yug training just to have that literary play that won overall 1st place
I have to complete my short term goal before I can enjoy all 4 trips planned this year.
Wind 1.1 mph (E) gusting to 6.0 mph. Temperature 55.3 F (WindChill 55.3/HeatIndex 55.3). Humidity 087%. Rain Today: 0.00in
Or maybe not. But I’ve found like 10 Stylus’ in thrifts and not one Japanese version like everrrrr
my sister and Erick are getting along, makes me happy until they team up to make fun of me
It feels like being submerged in the water
these niggas said meet at Ayo’s at 9. it’s fucking 9:40 & im sitting outside Ayo’s. this is why i don’t go out OR have friends
Me be Like :Bachy dou e Achy
NY resolution #1 eat more peanut butter chocolate ice cream. # i like it # winter thoughts
if you're warm then you can't relate to me
why isnt my phone charging >:(
I made pho, I was so not satisfied.
How come in the end of Sausage Party they just have a huge orgy lol I don’t get it
Giant uno getting so intense we had people stripping and Kaden and Cameron ended up needing a smoke break
I get what I want... Always.
I wanna be the M,E 3
I just need to smoke a fat ass blunt & just think
Need someone who ain’t gonna switch up
I love you & everything that comes with you.
Understand that everything isn’t meant to be understood.
The rams can't score for shit
Although it can be a tedious process, it allows me to spend time with myself
Antis: *tweets 18338929 hate tweets to bts* Antis: *tweets army is the worst fandom* BTS: *tweets abt fallin off a chair* ARMYs: so who is the creator?! ARMYs: NO!!! BRING BACK JUNG HOSEOK!!! ARMYs: *trends BTSOutcast worldwide* # b t sou t cast #B T Soutcast D4
gonna apply for the unit mutuals do they e en exist though
That grass slick asf everybody sliding
i’ve got a list of names and yours is in red
The Falcons running stretch left stretch right
All glory to God, we play for Him!
Anyway, he received a 50% tip. Yes, 50%. He practically got on his knees to say thank you. Kill people with kindness. They need that shit.
At a luxury restaurant. Waiter been semi stank probably because of racism in the restaurant industry. "These black people not gonna tip me anyway" he thought.
This damn field bruh!!! That was first down
Billions of dudes... Watch what you do.. we all have hormones, so fine women be like food.. That's why we gotta couple-up and seclude.
Cuz ppl not hard up about you how they say
SPREAD L V E AND POSITIVITY
Somebody hit the mega million down here
Aint too many gone ride for you like they say
Retweet if you don't lift but you still have strong muscles from carrying the weight of your sins
Who tryna get whooped on in call of duty?
i want someone who everytime they smile or laugh i feel my depression go away
I ate a lot. I'm having a food induced coma.
i having ur baby it's none of ur business
WOLFPACK!!! Great win NC State!!!! # wolf pack #Beat Duke
"Omg why are you drinking burnasties?!" $10 for a fifth of burnetts vs $15 for something else is $5 saved every weekend x 52 weeks in a year x 4 years is $1,040 saved through college. Thank you Sir Robert Burnett
Another one north 238 at e 14th off.
Okaaayyyy I'm not failing. I just hate waiting. I'm dying
Just watched "if i stay",boi oh boi
" I'll return to that time when we didn't know each other. This time I will really disappear ."
# J u m a n j i was a lot better than I anticipated. Jack Black stole the show.
and I'm gonna keep an eye out for anything on Coppola... because he was most people's guess - I just never heard his name in the mix
I didn’t listen-listen to “signs” when it first came out but I can’t stop playing it. thank you, Aubrey.
Babe i need a break son it's over an parabol... -Tchuiippppssss
It just hit me for real that I won my fantasy league lol wow
Boy I hope i don't get over drunk cuz I have shit to do tomorrow lol
Bright was surprisingly good, despite all the Twitter reviews.
Twitter service * Bersihin foll * Hapus all tweet * Hapus likes * Revoke Access * Pasang ifttt * Pasang bot Only 5k T. Lelang Acc
i am highly upset i didn’t get to see my nephew today , like i’m livid .
Chuck E Cheese food so good to me
Saturday Night! — watching Live PD on A&E
Goodnight I can't deal with everyone's crap attitudes
Doing my hair is so therapeutic for me # Q u e e n d o m #My Crown # Natural ist a
#My New Netflix Series would be about my epic journey across a desert town to get cat food & beer tomorrow
Doki Doki Literature HOLY SHIT WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK
All over Diallo back on the last rebound and no call. Imagine that.
Imma be real honest, I’m pretty damn honest
Catch James Reid & Nadine Lustre today on #ASAP2018! Don't miss their performances! #Ja Dine Revolution On A S A P2018
Y’all take twitter too seriously shit be funny as hell on here & people take that shit straight to the chest lmao. Can’t relate.
can we go back to the days our love was strong.
I've done the things that I was here to do I am compelled to take you by the throat They speak in ways I do not understand
(Wave) SWELL: 2.0 ft at 16.7 s NNW / WIND WAVE: 6.9 ft at 8.3 s E / WVHT: 7.2 ft / APD: 6.5 s / MWD: 82° / 5:27p HST
You ah e to pretend you’re ok and you’re not ok
no offense but fuck the other guys i came here to see one fight!
Quiet Weird. Pardon my speech. I do not know any of you. Thank You.
Real shit I just need a friend
People are going to get mad at me, but here's my top Sly games, favorite to least favorite. Sly 2 Sly 4 Sly 1 Sly 3
I d love to get trumaine Johnson this offseason # b r owns
Moon looking righteous tonight too bad it’s too brick to admire it
Dear Libertarians...if your first instinct is to attack the AG for enforcing the law rather than contacting your congressman to CHANGE the law...youre not a Libertarian..you're a liberal.
The stuff I bought today Sha. E cost but e worth am
When I’m not happy everybody knows, I can never mask my emotions
I don't do any vulgar movements
• 28. Jimmy's father has five children. A, E, I, O. What's the name of the youngest one?
I never thought I'd let go
not really asking for much, i just want u to stay at home the whole day and talk to me bc im clingy like dat.
Baby you so hot all these diamonds cool you down
Vitamin E oil is wonderful for dry chapped lips. Use in place of a chap stick or lip balm.
I can't stop my love for you ♫
I have till tomorrow at 4 to get things situated...
Sometimes you dont actually move on from the pain, you just learned to live with the pain
I want to let this go
all that fake stuff is outdated
Some has been using the tag with Miho in small letters..natuwa ang Mihonation kaya ginawang official tag..so there..all caps na ang MIHO.. #M I H Oin2018
I don't know if it's weird or not, but kids seem to love Five Nights at Freddy's merch WAY MORE than Chuck E. Cheese. Is Chica more loved than Helen?
woke up sobbing. i hate nightmares
Looking back at old pictures made me realize I had a nice body I really need to hit the gym soon
Could the imp even handle the cock of something 10 times her size?!
Wind 7.6 km/h E. Barometer 1018.0 hPa, Falling slowly. Temperature 30.8 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 43%
By a show of hands, who just survived the coldest day of the year?
See I read you like a book I know all your moves, Try to hit me with a fake that ain't nothing new
You can win games with defense and a run game. We can do this # F al cons
Im not really good at explaining.. I do not even know if I really explained it further..
Julio get ya ass back on the damn field. Shit.
Need new ppl to text even tho ion like texting
I convince myself to eat Taco Bell by saying “eh, i could lose a few pounds”
Abel on - Join their pre-ICO and get access to their platform. # Abel on #ICO
Trynna find me a girl who wanna sip E&J n read comics with some Count Basie in the background or some shit...
Stacey just postmates me boba because I’m sick and I don’t feel good.... name a better girlfriend... I’ll wait
and also make sure B O N E L E S S
The secret of the Night is the darkness. If there is no darkness ,there cannot be Night # f e b quotes #
#discovet.com/match y'all have a sexist commercial there with the cash match in the Asian doing the titty Shake, except they can't be sexist cuz Asians don't have titties!
why do people associate ''needing a man'' with ''needing his money'' or ''needing his financial support'' ?? you could need a man for other things than money.where's the correlation w men and money pls...
Never taking my child to chuck e cheese, that ghetto trash ass place.
Purchas e d my # play list of tun e s for my upcoming # Tabl e top # r p g #Dn D # d n d 5 e # campaign #adv e ntur e . Th e L e g e nd of th e Sunk e n T e mpl e
2 more starters rei, u got this
MY AVI SHE LOOKS SOSMALL IM GOIG TO HAV E A HEART ATTACK
YUTA DESERVES MORE LINES WHEN WILL SM REALIZE THAT???
if u used the twitter profile visits thing pls take it off its spamming ads
my phone is dying but i need everyone to see lrt or so help me GO D . T H E Y
Lololololololol don’t expect a response when YOU are seeing other people like common sense?
Abe tweets something amazing, if it's only for a fact fetish.
Cole's got a point. Can't blame him. Maybe he'll see her fear in telling him the *whole* reason behind her trip. #Love On The Slopes
usually just give him a pity like instead
The Iron Fist main character, Danny, is the corniest one. Just like Dare Devil aka Matthew. Mad corny!
Trying my best to stay in the Bday spirit
I keep forgetting that I can’t drink soda without my stomach going haywire
Doki Doki Literature Fuck Me Right In The Dick
Romaine lettuce linked to outbreak of E. coli in 13 states
I slept way too long today
Oh whata cold world for a broke nigga
I never learn lessons e.g. I run straight at the guys in Doom with the shields
Costumer: Thanks guys have a nice day! Kambri: Peace out homie! Me: ...
OH MY GOD. AUBREE AND I JUST COUNTED HOW many people we don’t talk to/aren’t friends with anymore since freshman year of GVSU. Guess the number
Pour me up a double cup
my dad’s fb posts make me want to block him but also pat him on he head for being so old and adorable
I downloaded Unblock me today and I’m already on level 191.
Vols up 4 on Kentucky, 51-47.
TIME WHIP OUT SOME NOTEPAD. WE HAVE TO FIGURE OUT THIS SHT. #btsoutcast D4
There are two types of people in this world: The ones who let you inside their house when you deliver pizza, and the ones who make you stand in the freezing cold.
One account trade anywhere with Abel on . Trading on crypto exchanges. # Abel on #ICO
*feeling especially fragile and vulnerable* oh, haven't listened to Fast Car in a while, why not put that on, what could possibly go wrong
excuses excuses excuses that’s some real life hoe shit
a trilha sonora de the end of the fucking world é foda
“A yawn is a silent scream... for coffee.”
Ever wish you could redo a situation :/
idk why i wanna go out tonight but i just do
Cupid is so playful for hitting an arrow!
Immediately stop dealing with anybody who tries to discredit your feelings when they’re wrong.
The End of the F***ing World e a melhor série ideia
The older I’m getting the harder it is to find more people to text and be friends w/ most peoples personality is wack af & I don’t got time for that shit talking and drama shit
Sigh I need a bottle of whine to drink and get a Lil high
Poconos next... i wanna go skiing so bad
Happy 3 Kings! Church time with mommy maj:)
Im going in wit everybody who behind me .
oh here's another: there are regularly memes that i 100% do not understand at all, and i don't even TRY to
"The end of the fucking world" é muito foda, porra
What is being healthy when the more broccoli I eat the more bloated I feel
That’s weak on those two techs
its always cold in my room
Should I just give up? I mean. What's the point.
my 6 year old niece was watching netflix and her eyes started watering and my mom was like “what’s wrong honey?” and she said “I forgot to blink that’s what wrong.”
laur ; - yo - you like so many of my tweets - I fcking lov e you - I hope your skin is clear - and your crops are watered - and you are happy Over Again // One Direction
eating raw marshmallows makes me sad
the weeknd eu e a Joice te amamos ok
My baby always under me til her dad gets home then she wants him
# mom life is having your son, husband AND dog all snoring loud in your bedroom.
"Astronomy compels the soul to look upwards and leads us from this world to another." - Plato
Oh well, I didn't expect a 2nd season of Mahou Tsukai... that's gonna be problematic...
pleno 2018 e nada da 3ra temp de rick and morty na netflix.... .
AH, that's a SHAME - let's hope Cook doesn't score too many more RUNS. Incidentally, SHAUN E MARSH is an anagram of AH, SHAME - RUNS. # A s h e s #A U Sv E N G
Yeah, I sent her a SEXT S - Picture E - Of X - My T - Dog
Trying to give battlefront a chance. Been grinding so much cod and fortnite
I appreciate getting compliments on my work ethic. I put 100% into my tasks for myself and no one else but when others notice and point it out it’s reassuring. # thank you
Feel like this game been on for centuries
OH FRICK I DELETED THE LIST I'M SOR RY O H NO
I guess if the world leaders are doing it.... I guess it is assumed everyone else should be too.
I just want to see female bosses. Level up sis , do your thing!
on some hoe shit like bruh if you ain’t tryna kick it just say you ain’t tryna kick it so i’m not sittin here waiting, wondering with my hopes up like fuck it’s not that hard
All of my tweets this weekend are sponsored by E&J
Yeah, Ying Yang Twins/crunk era bout ready for a comeback
Since going to bed, some hours ago, my legs have felt like they've been pressed through a mangle. Not relaxing.
This show Greenleaf is soo good!
I have the best support group anyone can ask for.
it's a good time to sleep B Y E
This has to be a lesson in patience... Has to be. And I'm failiiinnng
If they put Shattendick out I swear on my life I’ll fight every coach and gm the rangers have
Did Ryan Clark get electrocuted ...? # that hair
Maybe I should do a SFS? I've never done one of those before tho I'm too nervous
I’m here for a long time not a good time
If i fuck you before I leave the house I should be able to stay out till 5 am and have your texts on do not disturb
My momma raised me to be classy, not flashy
Man i hate when im sleeping and i just get cold out of nowhere
Falcons bout to win. I’m going to sleep early
I’m currently at a bar playin chardee macdennis and they are only serving wine and playing classical music for the first round. My life has peaked
I'M YOUNG, BLACK, RICH AND FAMOUS I GOT TEN DOLLARS HANGIN FROM MY ANUS
To anyone wondering, I still love OneRepublic. Currently I’m focusing my time a little more on Imagine Dragons.
I gotta get me some colored liner ! Like ASAP ! Especially neon colors
Even if you out the way they gone find as reason to hate you
Finally done with all my school works. Huhuhuhu back to school nanaman bukas ^^
i woke up feeling really really sick again today can i d*e
I’m mixing smirnoffs with vodka that’s probably not a good idea lmao
never been SO confused in my entire life
When you take yo bra off Istg it feel like you reliving a LOT of stress BEST feeling in the world
Keep yo distance and dont depend on nobody
No one can explain my feelings inside.
Much rather holidayin on my own doing my own thing in my own time
The government are blaming the current #N H S Crisison the cold weather. Perhaps they should follow the Canadian model of government. i.e a health minister who is a Doctor. It's cold in Canada and yet they manage to deal with it....
Decided to try #18 books in 2018 - Just finished book #1 Behind the Beautiful Forevers: Life, Death, and Hope in a Mumbai Undercity by Katherine Boo. What should I check out next? Suggestions needed!
Raise your hand if you want to die in a firey pit of doom and D E S P A I R
I did so, and saw a large "E" with a small "g," a "P," and a large "G"
anyone who still keysmashes can get the fuck away from me
I wanna go to the store but i have 0 energy
I made a mental note to stay my ass home tonight Nd sleep Nd everybody Nd they mama keep tellin me to come somewhere
I honestly love my new job it’s 10x better than my old one.
The secret of the DAY is the LIGHT No light, no Day. # f e b quotes #
I kissed him passionately. Me. Kissing Sokka.
You ever watch a bit snaps & think like damn hoe you always gettin drunk lol
#Now Playing ULTRA HAPPY MEGAMIX(COLLECTION'S EXTENDED MIX) / DJ Genki / ULTRA HAPPY COLLECTION!!!
Just remember the falcons had a lead in the 4th quarter last time they were in the playoffs.
My life so Boring. Ain’t no action definitely changing that this year
Sorry for the typo. Of course it’s Deirdre.
thought i told u not to trust these hoes
Ok so my history of repping the villain goes further back than I thought? Wtf. I remember the song and V.I.L.E. but it just didn't click.....
I really thought 2018 was going to get better.
Feel like i literally don’t mean shit to anyone . Cool .
Just finished allllll the letters & packages! I can’t believe how awesome 2018 is so far.
Mom came in my room just to show me that she beat my high score on "2048!" I'm pressed
Lets go Rams just because I want people in Georgia to be sad because I'm still bitter about the Rose Bowl
I’ve finally turned the corner on R.E.M. I’m in. Thank you, rest of the songs on “Document”.
Wait, you don’t pump your own gas in Oregon?
eight inches sOFT BUT IT DOUBLES WHEN E R E C T
Really not looking forward to church tomorrow everyone is gonna want a hug
the diary of Alicia keys e ir cantando
A lot of you niggas be scary af
Instagram is so horrible now and I'm so upset. I just keep losing followers and reach no matter how much content i post. I lost 300 followers in the past 2 months ??
Omg y’all and this curious cat shit
I aint had an appetite all day
Why does it feel so late
Thinking Im Gonna Watch Rent Tonight
"Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all"
5 person kill streak and 14 eliminations. D. Va is my girl! # Over watch
I'll be open-minded to your interests. I feel that I can surely "peak your interest" without saying too much, here and now Bet We Say Vows
i feel like my bones are melting and my organs are growing some nerve endings in them S E N D H E L P
Following the Graham-Grassley-Oligarch-Steele 4 way that’s going on and interestingly, the missing pieces of the puzzle are fewer and fewer. SC u deserve better. #SC2020 # black mailed # follow the money
fuckkkk the new dragon ball is out i forgot
e ainda to ouvindo the pussycat dolls
Make DiMera Great Again # days # do ol
It was never this cold when Obama was president
“Hey bro, every time you eat McDonalds, what does it make you think of?” Drunken nights in tahlequah after the club
i love nick jonas so much. yes i just watched #Jumanji Welcome To The Jungle . it was awesome!!! also nick with those aviator glasses
Ezekiel 11:19 19. And I will give them one heart, and a new spirit I will put within them. I will remove the heart of stone from their flesh and give them a heart of flesh
i heard you good wit dem chopsticks — yeah you know food to mouth
Yaaaayyy!!! Date with my best friend after not seeing each other for 6 years (I supposed)
But better to get hurt by the truth than comforted with a lie.
Scientists Discover 16th-Century Child Mummy Actually Had Hepatitis B, Not Smallpox
bruhh yall been w/ the fireworks since before christmas LET IT GOOOO DAWGG
alright i only do charity work once a month so that’s all the praise the garbage man is getting from me tonight
Is just me or the live has so much eco
there’s like $550-$600 dollars on this outfit
#Now Playing Anyway You Bless Me - Hezekiah Walker & The Love Fellowship Crusade Choir on # e g i m radio
There are times i felt like giving up.
*gets echo dot* *yells at Alexa to switch between Cardi B and Harry Styles jams* Please enjoy, government.
This girl gave him a little toy weiner and asked him if he already had a little wiener #The Bachelor
ALL I WANT FOR MY BIRTHDAY IS A SAINTS WIN TMRW
idk what the definition of a friend is anymore, can someone plz tell me
Im such a wuss, I can't tell someone to leave him alone let alone actually talk to some stranger lol
Only people who think Desmond Trufant is a top 5 corner are falcons fan
Kayles: "your heroes wear capes... M I N E W E A R M A S K S . . ." #H U Fangirl Bot
I want this year to be perfect. I want to learn to actually ignore the haters and bullies. I also want them to learn to stop. Guess we can't make everyone happy.
how has everyone guessed sailor uranus so far what the fuck am I that obvious
The end of fucking world é irado
I don't get why abusing, destroying, and harming people is so much part of the entertainment industry. I don't know why so many go along with it.
dêem amor a STRAY KIDS, BLACKPINK, TWICE, LOONA, RED VELVET, FROMIS_9, OH MY GIRL & DREAMCATCHER e ETC // Boa Noite
I never been a talker, that shit played out.
I had an epiphany last night where I realized why people can love me and hate me at the same time.
“I swear I hear some new bullshit every day I'm wakin' up It seems like nowadays everybody breakin' up That shit can break you down if you lose a good girl I guess you need a bad bitch to come around and make it up”
Also, how low is my self esteem that I’m not the main character in my own life experiences?
Just wanna feel content with myself.
now its just staring contest wtf they really bout to piss me off
don’t make plans with me then flake
i do not love a shootout.
So...you are capable of more than I thought...
I hate doggy style. H A T E. ABHOR.
Was suppose to go to work and see my grandma today, yeaaaah fuck my life x 10
if we bring it back, it will only make things worst.
Birthday 3 months away ..... Im destined for greatness
11/10 would recommend A.C.E to everyone
There's no feeling left. — listening to Don't Hold Your Breath
Stuck in society’s bullshit. Not me
This work shit tomorrow should be exciting
I love me some Young Thug
Mishira is already winning me over OBS because it comes with a brother addicted to screaming at COD is within 10 feet.
You don’t even have to say anything. Just boss up. They’ll feel you later.
If & when i want to be in a relationship i can be.... EASILY
In her eyes,the sadness sings-of one who has destined, for better things. -Ll
Duran Duran wrote and recorded Hungry Like the Wolf just so it could be played during the pool scene in big fat liar
these fucking theories about its could be taehyung really test me BUT GIRLIE ALREADY CHOSE SEOKJIN I CANT UNVOT E
Sleep and roping tomorrow it is
feliz, mas e my way? sober? she got her own?
I think Grayson Dolan is in a date right now
One More 500K Likes Video Loading on the Name of P O W E R S T A R What's your Choice 500K Likes - 150Rts 500K + Likes - 300Rts #Agnyaathavaasi Trailer
vou ver young justice e dormir
Serve it up on a tray for your boy
YOUR FAVS COULD NEVER #I Like That #SISTAR #씨스타
Now playing Eazy-E - Boyz In Da Hood by Eazy E!
whats hiding under my mask, you ask? my will to let kamui live
Continously having those classics people asked .... DJ TOMMY B
I remember when high speed internet first came out I used to spend my entire last period of school thinking about pornos then run home from the bus stop and watch pornos
i love having small boobs in the winter bc if u wear enough layers u can not wear a bra & get away with it
Baby, I am beautiful and bad
Even your favorite K-Pop band loves X Japan.
" I came up with the idea that I wanted to grow more, and I wanted to let more people know about A.C.E " - Jun
Sometimes friends drift apart don’t mean there’s no love anymore , just mean it’s a distant love.
I hate people that put every little thing on Snapchat like we don’t have to know what you’re doing 24/7 annoying
I’m in my own world far from the satellites
e steals in 24 minutes during Saturday's 125-86 win over the Bulls.
bitches are F A K E . now & tell daaaat shit.
u're not the one for me
i made my friends book plane tickets to KL this february friend: but you are not going to go?? me: e hhee hehehe
wish it was summer & i watching the stars from the athletics field at camp.. no matter how shitty something might be, it always seems to be ok for the moment of sitting there
I just made vegan alfredo sauce, turned out way better than expected
kpop stan twitter is something extremely weird
2018 GOAL : S U R V I V E
We the wave we the wave
1, 2 1, 2, 3, 4! Michael wants another slice Michael wants another slice Michael wants another slice Pizza! Pizza! Michael wants another slice Michael wants another slice Michael wants another slice Pizza! Pizza!
I think I need to get back in touch with myself.
“Hey man, u alright?” Yeah I’m good ᶦᵐ ʲᵘˢᵗ ᵏᶦᵈᵈᶦⁿᵍ ˢᵒᵐᵉᵒⁿᵉ ᵖˡˢ ᵏᶦᶫᶫ ᵐᵉ. ᶦᵐ ˢᵒ ˢᵗʳᵉˢˢᵉᵈ ᵐᵃⁿ.
Well folks, that went really well. My first paid gig is 2018 really is the year
Out to eat, took E to the bathroom with me to pee, she yells MOM DON'T TOUCH YOUR BUTT! as I'm wiping. Thanks kid. -M
jason mraz in scrubs cause he was playing jim pomatter, J E S U S help me
Lord I need this .. !! Please make it happen I hope I pass
Will be spending my birthday at the hospital. Get well soon mom.
same with that childish shit.... that’s a NO!
So what ever happened go Samm Rochelle?? (Jeydon Wale's ex) She kinda just fell off the face of the earth?????
I’ve seriously been wanting to go out dancing but ugh I hate being sick
When you’re great other people don’t have to lose for you to win.
Either you run the day or the day runs you. Jim Rohn
I hate that I’m 23 and still don’t have life figured out yet smh.
i just got so depressed all of a sudden and idk why. this hasn’t happened in years i’m usually extremely happy at night hmm
seems to be a fair bit of hacking going on with facebook
“okay but when you play against other guys you’re trash” my little sister is hilarious
My president has taken the ice
Trey Lyles is a game changer # N u g gets
You make it look like it's magic 'Cause I see nobody, Nobody but you.
his facial expressions GOD literally every time elio was on screen i felt that. he didn’t even have to speak. i know everyone’s tweeting about the credits scene being oscar worthy but it really really really is
Don’t assume anything from my last tweet lol cause I know some of you & your mouths , I got friends but I just wanna make new ones :)
ATL defensive play is on Fleek! Let’s get into the end zone this drive!
YALL BETTER CHOOSE THE RIGHT DECISION
Spent two hours staring at a project trying to figure out where to start. Suddenly when I'm busy working on something different, I get a brain blast and know exactly what to do... BRAIN, MAKE UP YOUR MIND!!! # college # j i mm y neutron # boyish man genius
Club 49 baile bom E as pvt kd ?
e a cena do bellamy de cueca what
The song my generation is gonna electric slide to is Sneakernight by Vanessa Hudgens.
I am having an drink cause I passed accounting after struggling in it af
TBH I'M JUST SO TIRED OF PPL. I MEAN, WHAT PART OF "DON'T SAY MY NAME I'M UNCOMFY" DO YOU NOT UNDERSTAND??????
Gonna start study for my not-so-fav sub which is e p o .
I know you wanna be on top up under me
Watching Duke lose can make anyone's day
Ma Niggas On No Caps For 2018 !!
I'm becoming a professional at rolling with the punches. What else ya got 2018?
It’s only 10:30 and I wanna goto sleep
you females are clowns and nothing but entertainment
I also just want to follow cute queer girls from Massachusetts on instagram but that’s an even tackier reason.
It took me forever to twist my hair up but I’m glad I did It.
Robert Woods stop doggin Desmond Trufant like that . #A T Lvs L A R
It's ok not to be ok ...
Now that Phil has gone to Barca, the title of "LFC's best table tennis player" is up for grabs. My money is on Moreno or Bobby
For whatever consequence thereafter, be it beneficial or detrimental, you've managed to arouse my curiosity... go on...
i was just talking to God, i hope that he hear me.
when I say ima get myself right, I mean it
Guys , can you please give me some link of the blackpink tv in jtbc I'm begging
Told my dad about how Villa Hidalgo is mostly owned by los cicarios & how we met some of them & he was like “ how you know all this ? You probably became friends with them from how friendly you are” LMFAO
I’d rather jump in lava and hot cakes than read that book. # G u t f e l d
I have a strong feeling im staying home tonight
Our defense RAW af, probably the most slept on defense in the NFL .. if it wasnt for them this season would have been OVER !
my ex girl is the female version of me
I told Brielle that we can go to chuck E Cheese every pay day I think I done started some shit
I’ve gotten so good at ignoring text messages that i accidentally ignored someone i wanted to talk to for 12 hours today lmao
was planning on having Minnie Mouse at my baby 2nd Birthday party , but the way she reacted to seeing Chuck E. Cheese today . Just let me know it’s a no go
🄲🄷🄴🄵 Y O U ɢᴏᴛ C O L E S L A W ⓞⓝ MY a d i d a s
Need new food spots and restaurants to eat at. Chic-Fil-A not cutting it anymore.
Somebody give these refs new whistles because the ones they have have too much air in them
I really don’t know why i like being single so much
Oh wait - Robert Englund was the actor - not the director. I'm getting all mixed up. Many people think the blind is about Wes Craven.
Now playing Picasso Patience by Don E. Thomas II!
Avg Wind:13kts, Gust:16kts, Wave Height:0.3m, Wave Period:3s, Wind Dir:94 °(E), Gust Dir:93 °(E) at 07/01/2018 03:30:00
Avg Wind:16kts, Gust:30kts, Wind Dir:89 °(E), Gust Dir:51 °(NE), Water Temp:8 °C at 07/01/2018 03:30:00
Avg Wind:17kts, Gust:22kts, Wave Height:0.9m, Wind Dir:85 °(E), Gust Dir:63 °(NE), Water Temp:9.4 °C at 07/01/2018 03:30:00
Avg Wind:26kts, Gust:30kts, Wind Dir:72 °(E), Gust Dir:73 °(E) at 07/01/2018 03:32:00
Water Temp:7.3 °C, Avg Wind:13kts, Wave Height:1m, Wave Period:3s, Gust Dir:71 °(E), Gust:19kts, Wind Dir:92 °(E) at 07/01/2018 03:32:00
PLEASE DO NOT CALL ME MARINELLA CALL ME ELLA!!! SERIOUSLY IT TRIGGERS MY ANXIETY
#L A Rams really on the cusp here - just need a big play or two. Are # F al cons (i.e. Dan Quinn) playing too close to the vest?
I’m 2018, I’m only messing with people that correct my typos on their own. It shows they care and don’t want me working so hard.
Idk, i just want another grp for LoiRis. Maybe bec i miss them dancing hataw dance steps. Dun sila magaling e. LOISA Ravaaan2018 #ASAP2018
Trust is earned, people DON'T practice loyalty these days...y'all think loyalty is only in relationships...plenty of ways to be disloyal
Heaven only knows where you've been
The good thing is, it is not too painful because you understand each other's perspective
Cause the most times, we argue alot
We can’t get away from running the ball to setup the play action
I bet this is the first time we came up to this decision in a friendly manner.
I should move to the city considering the fact that i go to school out there & I’m always out there
My child only moves after I finish eating just like I'm only happy after I eat # twins
Talking is a diplomatic way of making things out.
Friend, your words really hit me so hard. Omg, thank you haha I'm wide awake now.
rachel stands for R- really A- amazing C- crackhead H- that E- i L- love
IM MAKIN MFs FEEL THE PAIN I FELT & STILL FEEL TIL THE DAY I D.I.E
Worst feeling ever is you being loyal to someone who out here playing you
qualified for state in Policy shoutout to my amazing partner Evan for showing me the ropes my first time!
I’m still smiling how I saw my old friend from RC on the flight lol haven’t seen her since 2015, too!!
Can I get uhhhhhhhhh goth boy please
Wow, hard to play 8 on 5. This is absurd.
i don't trust the play boys, but they love me
me, crying in th e club because of studio ghibli music
I ain’t even gon hold y’all I be watching that new show on MTV the Floribama Shore lol they country and ratchet as shit
Why does Plastik have so many stairs
My 27 year old buddy gets out to go pay for diesel, comes back like 10 seconds after he gets out and says “hand me my hat will ya? I just realized how bald I was”
Rick Ross - apple of my eye
Since I'm now using Twatter, some stealth may be required.
A company where the little guy is really winning. No hahas
I don’t understand how Supernatural never got nominated in #Golden Globe.
This tho... even though it's cancelled due to rating, it had such great plots and twist... <3! — watching Ten Days in The Valley
the moon is too far in the other direction and now i really need practice in talking about certain things even if it's tiring
I just made some smacking banana pudding and when i say this hoe smack, IT SMACKS
I hope the shootout goes 15 rounds, Buch finally gets a chance, and he fires the puck into the NYR bench.
I have two options. Use the $35 I got from Christmas to buy a reel bear media hoodie or use it when I go to mall of America on Friday?
REPORTED: VEHICLE DISABLED IN ROADWAY at E BROOKSHIRE FR & N DAVIDSON ST #CLT #CMPD_Central
Yeahhh Cali, NY, and DMV have me fcked up with the housing prices. The prices in the south have me ready to set up shop.
If it doesn't happen within the next week or two my timeline for him is wrong. I did say Mueller pulled back on his plans, for what reason I don't know, but plans changed since cards showed him being indicted soon. We'll see what happens.
I don't think any of this has anything to do with whatever might come on Monday or Tuesday. It would only be relevant if it was news about Jared. I said before he's being indicted and we're still waiting on that.
i do not want to see any spoilers of the last ep of andante
I took my birthday off my profile so I can expose the fakes
all this fucking talking get to the good shit fuck
Cant trust somebody who has mad best friends lol
The most interesting games of the last few years for me generally are those that provide individuated characters and a complex range of outcomes without highly complex mechanics. I credit indie games with pushing this flowering of new approaches.
Ok I say this every possession, can we get a TD on this drive please???
Do you ever have to pee but are too sad to move bc me too
"I found a demon!" said the demon I found.
I love those locations where nobody knows my name. How long I'll be staying is always subject to change...
what is #B T Soutcast D4, pls help lol
Chris has made Luigi's Mansion a genuinely scary experience by making professor E. Gadd a predator
In 2018 common sense should be like your heartbeat. The only reason why it should not be there is if you have crossed on ovah to Glory......or Hell. Where ever your endeavors have led you.
This offense better give me a damn touchdown
Shopping this weekend? Stretch is a good thing for many garments--with restraint. T-shirts and denim should not be more than % Lycra.
SEASON 4 EP 3 IS ABOUT TO RUIN MY /L I F E/ AND THE THEME SONG HASNT EVEN STARTED!!!!!!!!!!!!
If you still stuck in the past... stay out my face. I don’t have time for old shit, when I’m building new shit.
okay I’m done talking about my unfortunate events and how I’m fucking C U R S E D.
Tara woke up from a nap and deadass said "babe we can continue to count the food tomorrow".... what?
acabei the end of the fucking world e eu to tristissima com o final
Made E V E R Y function I was invited to... couldn’t stay long, but I blessed everyone with my presence and present.
And a WR who can make THAT catch (I.e don't talk to me about size)
Are there other boys out there that can dance like Bruno Mars or is he the only one that can do it like that?
And why don't we rewrite the stars? Changing the world to be ours
i swear 99% of my tweets are about luke and the other 1% are selfies
Anybody can be fly takes a iLL mf to be jiggy doe
I’ve had enough of winter, can it be summer already
My goal for this year is the same as last year: try new things when I have the opportunity
DONT let the haters get to you...like I did
What do you see when you look at me?
Debo is clearly our leader on defense
ate que a serie the end of the fucking world é manerinha
H”e who experiments the most wins”-Tai Lopez
I’m way to high to be this cold bro.
y’all be sleeping on natural red heads but you all on them fake bitches tho
Don't change who you are, unless you really gotta cuz it 's causing genuine harm to people, otherwise, these dues ain't worth your time.
By time the food reach I'm actually hungry again
i think i give up on making plans w ppl
Sees that leg lifted. N o s e B l e e d Shakes his head. ❝ No Sonic you are not perverted like Jack. ❞
Listen, you don’t owe anyone an explanation. You can tell people no without telling them why.
I asked a guy at pink gorilla if they had Pepsi man and i fell into a conversation on game design and now i have a list of college textbooks on game design.
deeper than all roses and if i believe: dash against darkness
Range: Melee Target: 1 enemy Effect: The target is knocked prone
Put some Vick’s on my next because washed smh.
Me: *walks into library* Me: WHO WANTS RUSSIAN CANDY *holds up fUCKING ONE KILO BAG OF CANDY*
Sidney is about to make my day tm.
Are you "" other girls? Yes or no?
terminei the end of the fucking world ontem e ta td mundo assistindo agora (????)
YP don't text back for shit smh...
I would send my daughter to her room if ahe asked me “i want a little brother”
But then again that is likely Bestfriend
Killed it with the creamed potatoes tonight. #i Love Potatoes
Common LA get it together !!!
Thank you to anyone who slammed the door on me, because of you I did it myself and now it means more to Me! -russ
I've found that giving up ground ain't what I want
Todd Gurley? More like Todd GIRLey
Some guy used me saying “homie” as a lead in to ask me what my ethnicity is. Broooooo
Who’s trying to get lit tonight in SA?
There are things you can't save. There are things you can't do. You just have to deal with it.
Without question, Butterfree is one of the worst Pokemon in the game. Using Butterfree in standard play is automatic suicide.
I’ve never coached football before other than Rec league but is feeding Gurley consistently really the approach you go away from in the playoffs? Especially when you are losing.....and then he drops a screen on 3rd down. Nevermind......
Live your best life. For real.
Pffft Woods still not as good as Dobson
Rams doing everything possible to lose
I love that people are finally using Stylus/Epics all the time but every time I see it with the “Mju ” tags I know you overpaid
I can never have nothing to myself
lrt I'm not okay rn I'm literally in tears at that joke I can't breathe e e
My mind is everywhere right now
Going to be a video tomorrow, I'm pretty sick right now.
I feel we All, to begin,once were higher vibration Beings..tempted by this lower "heavier" vibe dimension &,on our way back. Ref.1Peter1&,2
Not gonna worry. What happens will happen and what I’m supposed to know I will know. God willing
Never read doujinshi during school. Spare yourself
if motown does the x games again imma have to delete snapchat
“Nice work. Let’s team up again.”
It’s crazy to me seeing these young NBA players dressing like rappers showing up to games when the league literally tried to crucify Allen Iverson for the exact same thing back in the day
It just wants to fight now.
"No signs of any radiation. Infrared...motion sensors... I got nothing. This thing's dead as a doornail."
I'm fake. Can you stop now?
i’m late on that new n.e.r.d album but GOD DAMN that shit goes hard
There's also betrayal and double crossing going on in all 3 sets of cards in the right column so she turns on people. Could be her dad or Jared or both. But she does exit. Rider is the last card so it's movement going out.
A&E has the best shows on tv
Wait no this actually happened don't e
I was gonna buy some pricey shoes just now and my card declined... God always has my back when it comes to keeping my broke self from spending money.
I can’t believe I used to be legitimately attracted to usagi of all characters
I really wasn’t planning on staying in but I’m really jus about to smoke and binge watch insecure
Some guy Two Sweeted me at Applebee’s because I was wearing my Bullet Club shirt and I’m so excited lol
You fucked up my head real good I turned into you smh
Doesn’t matter what you’re doing when I’m seein the
Just played: Beg Beg Beg - H.E.A.T - Freedom Rock
im watching kc undercover for the first tim e
I asked this bitch did she want some food and she said no. But the moment I cget me downstairs with food she start eating off my plate
as you reach new levels, you get new devils.
Fear doesn’t get to sit on His throne. He doesn’t share his glory!
#Now Playing John L e g e nd by John L e g e nd - Sh e Don't Hav e To Know # e 3 radio # good music # l g b t #qu e e r radio don e right
That was an AMAZING defensive play
On my momma I done sold nicks On my momma I never sold bricks
Anyone else feel like a creep when you're scrolling through your insta and you like a picture and realize it was from 6 days ago...
With PJ out, someone has gotta step up or we’re taking an L
ziggy time O B A M A S T Y L E
I am determined to be a better me this year no question about it
I GOT A SHIRT AND PIN HEEEELLS YEAH.
Come on one more damn stop....GET OFF THE DAMN FIELD!
Remember when we used to get pressure on Goff
I don't think my feelings towards any food has changed more dramatically than my feelings towards sushi.
Brian Eno toca no ombro de David Byrne, que, coincidentemente, vira ouro, e fala:' i have some gold for you'.
Discover what you love, and make it kill you
I think Bryant is with Grayson because isn't he taking pics of Grayson tonight?
- Would die for me? - Yes. - No No No, that’s too easy, would you live for me ?? “The Joker”
So the sergeant observing him was like “soldier, I have to see the stream” and he was like “Sarge, my whole dick is in the bottle” LMFAOOOOOO
But idk why ppl had to find that?
I hope you died and that’s why you haven’t text me back
Every Dominican King needs his Dominican Queen
Worst part about leaving is seeing my mom cry. I don't care how tough you think you are, that shit hurts.
i was once lost but now restored
my birthday is on September 23th.
music is an art where I can make 7 great pieces in a week that i love or 1 over the same amt of time that i hate
I don’t know why Goody like pushing my buttons she just wanna see if I’mma act uptownish
It's been so long since I've been around Ethan when he has aux cord but somehow I still have the Corey in the House theme song stuck in my head.
Take back home girl // Chris Lane ft. Tori Kelly
nothing tests you better than success
Wish Dak could throw into windows like that....
For a day to break for you in life, family and ministry, the darkness must be separated and divided from your life.
i put my music library (not my spotify library) and the icarus account came on holy shit what a throw back
The truth comes out when they scream at you
I could sleep for a year or two
Who am I to you ?
also i regret shooting pagan min i should’ve chose the other ending
He's so underground he's never even heard of himself, never mind anyone else.
why why why do people suck it’s 2018 and y’all still don’t know my name here i’ll spell that shit for you . K A D E N
it leaves me, as a trans person with big boobs feeling some special kind of disgusting. Like I only exist to be some cis person's wet dream according to them. it's awful. Stop giving them leeway bc they're agender or w/e, they're still being grossly transphobic.
i've been listening to a lot of exo-cbx these past few days and idk why...
grayson driving is my new religion
Requirements is R E A L
opposition has a way of driving us to God,
i make no apologies for how i choose to repair what you broke
Something nice, fun, inviting, yet, private.. Clean, relaxing and comfortable :-)
its 9:30 but im ready to go to sleep
Please don't make Art anything other than Art.
Jared Goff just threw the craziest comeback
Anyway! I come home from Honduras, a country who is usually 80 degrees to Missouri currently at 36 degrees. I’m dying. I’m sick as a dog. Help
I can find another reason to try
I think ima sleep 2018 out and wait for 2019. Night
Shoutout to coach Keatts. Still think State is a year or two away but they're gonna be a problem
I’m watching a 48 hours about a murder in wine country..talk about a wild Saturday night
Why am I crying in the middle of the club LMAO
why is every blackbear song so perfect for any situation
focus na focus e no lol
Heaven is a place on earth with you.
Check drinking in Chuck E. Cheese off the bucket list
Talking to girls behind your girlfriend back is cheating .
Doug E Fresh and the Ravers Clavers lit up the stage earlier. Now we have the legends Third World performing. #Team Shaggy4 Kids #Media Blu C B #Digital World
shiz bro grays last snap...he looked GO- oh umm...I love e
I feel like this year is really the year of exposing the truth. Men of power, especially in the film industry, are dangerous. #A Tale Of Two Coreys
Apartment hunting and I’ve found two places I’m in love with!
Teetee really be lit off it
i wanna dieeee e ww wse
the one thing that no one can call mr chandelier is a “bad actor”...... he really blew my mind he’s talented as fuck
My Intro: Name:Mujeeb Rahman City:KPK Age:19 Edu:College Hoby:Game Best Friend:Umair Number:03031042014 Owner 03328067149
“ take a lover who looks at you like maybe you are magic “ -Frida kaho
That pass by Goff was on point
if I don't respond to your messages in 5 minutes there's a chance I won't respond for another two weeks lmao
Attitude going to change , fuck being humble. I’m shitting on everyone
Once I stop getting my period when I’m 55 it’s over for you bitches
It’s gonna be 47 this upcoming Thursday! Niggas gone think it’s summertime. Lol
You know it doesn't help watching Chan video with the background music, I'm already dead crying inside Thank you A.C.E and Beat for taking care of Chan, please always do;;;
Robert Woods has incredible hands. Not super explosive on his routes and with his speed but holy shit he can catch the ball
What a throw by Goff and Catch by Woods
The Lion King is on and I’m not sure I can handle it #Childhood Memories
I don’t want to come back to Minneapolis. Lol
worst part about being home is having a curfew. i’m treated like a child but expected to act like an adult..
Only nupe I associate with is R. That's my G !
i rewatched SK this weekend and i still cried so hard when the boys got eliminated even tho i knew it was coming
"Mama E's ignites social media firestorm" was not in my 2018 predictions.
a hint is that they’re both lesbians
I love my rancho & everything but I wanna leave already I miss my amigas
Tired of people whining about they problems and how they are depressed and sad on the gram and snap. I ain’t a therapist. Don’t wanna hear it so go see a therapist.
Watch me from a far , please
I'm walking the long road, watching the sky fall
Every time I think about my big sister being pregnant
Me, starting a book by someone dubbed "the most lyrical author of the fantasy genre": This...is pretty good, but I mean, *I* write like this. Me, five pages later, tears streaking down my eyes: I will never be able to write like this.
i’m better. i’m better. i’m better.
If i started a tv show about just Archie, i feel like it would be pretty popular
I am in LOVE with this city!!
RT & Follow! My FREE NUDES on my pinned tweet # adult # amateur # x x x # n s f w # pussy # hard core # sexy # teen # p or n # hot # b d s m # girls e # c am girl
i’m watching food: fact or fiction # why am i like this
RIGHT COLUMN There's not much to say about the near future because the cards repeat themselves. It's more of the same. Everything is just falling apart so she leaves. She either breaks up with Jared or her father.
I think in the past she was thinking about severing ties and now she's actually going to do it. Fox is sneakiness and deception. She has something up her sleeve and is going to fuck over people in the near future.
My car fast ... but I drive slower
s/h is bad for me esp cuz of my blood disorder but my clean needs to be broken
Como passar a madrugada... Pearl Jam The Neighbourhood Arctic Monkeys Cage The Elephant The Smiths Paramore e Tame Impala
LEFT COLUMN This is the past. It's pretty much the same as the corners. Family criminal activities and she wanted out. I don't know who the KS and KnC rx are. KS could be the justice system looking at the KnC who isn't Jared.
Everyone cares when its too late.
WHEN DID THEY PUT ALL THE BRING IT ON MOVIES ON NETFLIX IM SCREAMING
let everything you do be done in love
Robert woods is putting on a show
# what happened to mon day is a good ass movie
Here’s a hot take: the veggie tales movie about the rumor weed is really anti Semitic
Im mad because i cant watch the VMAS....
using the bathroom in the dark >
OH SHIT E DUB, FUCK, MEMORIES
Drunk window shopping on vintage frames...I need to get up and do something
And yes. I used my email to set up her online account so I could watch her cable
I might be in swimwear the whole vacation I don’t want to leave the beach
Look just because I get horny once and text you “I miss you” that doesn’t mean blow up my phone and start a conversation
The only way my family lets me drink is if I take 5 shits of tequila with them. Little do the they know I be doing that shit at school
someday , this gloomy feeling will bloom into something's beautiful.
Hopefully this chipotle gives me E. coli so I can start the year of with a check
My phone needa hurry up n die
Were the same age holy shit
I'm gonna try to catch up with outcast lol
you tell your man bout the duded on ya ass and he starts crying , me and mine crack on these lames
i feel like the perfect girlfriend , like just give me sex & lemme cuddle w you. i can feed myself.
13 Riesens Why. I eat 13 delicious candies. #My New Netflix Series
So I just busted a guy this month hahahaha btch were just getting started
If you are not using the correct words in the correct form of “Their, There & They’re” SQUARE......UP! At this point, you’re being disrespectful. (There) is no excuse. #You Gon Learn In2018
I just watched Dunkirk with my dad and step mother and when *e**** *i** my step mom started sobbing HARD SAME
IM IN CHURCH AND IM TJINKINGNFN ABORUTTGG ONG’S MESSAG E
When babe plays Bruno mars on his trumpet
Follow Saza_e_Pyar Send to 40404 par is i d par dekho Islamic News Sports Information NTS Poetry Ghazal By Fazeela Memon 03156131156
My nigga really a whole retard
i dont want to talk about it// chocolate factory
This dude said it was so cold earlier when he was taking the urinalysis, his whole penis was inside of the bottle.
settled for pizza bc a bitch wasn’t tryna leave her house lol who was I kidding?
I NEED ACE FAMILY MERCH ASAP
"Captivating" now that's a perfect compliment! #Love On The Slopes
These Rams won the nfc West?
If I use to fwu , I don’t want nothing to do with you
I’m just waking up, that food put me out lol.
The people I used to know, regardless of good and bad .. they helped me grow.
anyone who guesses my old sailor moon kinnies gets a prize I don’t think many will know though
Pissed out of my face but yet so depressed how does this work
I need to get myself a little e cigarette for the car, cuz I ain't smoking cigarettes in that mofo
I heard from a source that Pico Sheriff was looking for a DUI suspect.
My phones about to die but it’s okay because nobody texts me all day time for my 3rd nap of the day :))
In the loud house! In the loud house!
my “who dis” game finna be so strong this year
Haha, 'Mother' is another thing I have been called.
I just need someone to play w my hair & watch movies w me
To be continue latter after going back from cinema movie today.. #B T Soutcast D4
I’m SO mad I jus found out the “H.E.R.” Is Gabi Wilson
Haumea activates creative & regenerative fertile self-confident forces, performed on the stage of life. Negative self-martyrdom manifest Cruithne activates special gifts for powerful women shamen, in sacred sexuality celebration is similar to Lilith with 385 year Earth orbit
Citrus is fuhking cancelled. Popuko and Pipimi are the true power lesbian couple of this season.
3 & out then march down the field and score 7!!!
Done a Rey lo vid. Will upload to youtube in a bit! # Rey lo
Beat part of 2018 is mamma Mia 2 so far
I really want to learn how to dance country music this year #2018 goal
learned that if people wanna go, just let them.. never beg for someone back into your life if they never belonged there
Niggas be talking tough behind a phone
gray looking gooood tonight but e still got my heart
Pretty mean that the winners get a Korowai now #A S B Classic
And I have Tuesday off. My manager gets it.
when H.E.R said “all the ones before you was a mistake or a distraction” I felt that.
MakeMake affects quick wit & protection of family with data collection, translation & acute decisions. Also involved is ceremonial feathered eggs, nesting objects, & sacred symbols.
Abandoned is if episodes 8 and 9 happened and the matter was never mentioned, even as a point of curiosity, again
IM LISTENING TO SAD MUSIC AND READING THROUGH OLD DMS AND IM FUCKING BAWLING HELP
Man. My battle is drunk as fuck right now.
I am BORED. someone give me attention
18 year old me: “I can’t wait to be 21 and go out to bars on the weekend” 24 year old me: *in bed by 11pm on a Saturday night*
Humble yourselves, therefore, under God’s mighty hand, that he may lift you up in due time” (1 Peter 5:6). Daniel did it three times a day on his knees. How will you do it today and over the next three weeks?
I stay getting emails about reinstatement lol
this was a mistake.. they're coming out of the wood works
PSA: vanilla ice cream and Bailey’s is A M A Z E B A L L S
Johtnathan Williams gets dunk number two of the night for the Z a g s . # Z a g s #W C C Hoops
Devilman Crybaby Epi2: I'm feeling iffy with the art/animation style.
I think this movie really puts a spotlight on the reality of child stars. #A Tale Of Two Coreys
literally $15-$20 to come n pluck/wax/thread my eyebrows right tf now not even playin
why do ya'll like araneta for #Ely Xi On In Manila? Araneta can accomodate less number of people than moa. And cheaper seats are terrible in araneta.
We tend to live up to our expectations. -E. Nightingale
Cause there's something bout u baby, that just makes me go..crazy
when your a huge fan of a certain artist you feel obligated not to listen to other artists they don’t like
I wish I could be like sleeping beauty just for one day.
I want food right now give me chicken nuggets pizza chips burger bagels
on a scale of 1 to Waverly pulling, slamming screen doors and storming into houses, how passive aggressive are you
I am 8 pages into After You. I am so P I S S E D if this goes where I think it is going.
Soooooo excited to meet my child
Wind 5.8 mph E. Barometer 1014.8 hPa, Rising slowly. Temperature 2.5 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 66%
Boldly going where none went before; she is patron of explorers and radical creators, with status quo and tradition Orchias is of transformative, & regenerative issues of personal responsibility for the health and well-being of humanity at large
Heacham Weather:Temp=4.0C & is Steady.Low=3.6C & high=4.2C.Pressure=1025.9mb & is Rising.Wind=2.2mph E & gust 5.4mph.Rain today=0.0mm.
【Attention】Raffle results are in! Come to the reception desk to see if you’ve won! #J Mo F2018
get into dropshipping/e commerce if you want to learn the basics of starting businesses and selling.
But she's also planning to move on and focus on the future after a period of indecision. She wants to completely separate herself from the family business. The 2C rx either reaffirms this or she will betray her father and/or husband.
CORNERS There is a partnership which could refer to Ivanka and Jared or Ivanka and a business partner where she's engaged in family money laundering as a solution to a problem.
For the 13 card yes or no I picked the cards in the app rather than using my physical decks. Notice the cards stay consistent with the ones from my deck which I didn't pick. I just shuffled and flipped over the top cards.
Esse som do G-Eazy com o A$AP, Cardi B, French, Juicy e Belly ficou fodaaa
I ended up using a yes or no method where I pull 13 cards. If an ace is in the pile, it's a yes. If no ace, it's a no. I went through Hope, Melania, Kellyanne, Ivanka in that order. It's Ivanka.
Wind 4.0 kts E. Barometer 1030.35 mb, Rising slowly. Temperature 0.0 °C. Rain today 0.3 mm. Humidity 89%
What I have is 27 cards in a 3x3. Overkill. I decided to just combine them. I have no idea who this woman is that's central to the reading so I went crazy and kept pulling cards.
2018 is the beginning of anything I want.
Meanwhile if white people know I'm native, they will say purposely make ignorant remarks in front of me about natives and I literally can't say anything because I would lose my job if I freaked out. I am both white and native. Growing up dealing with it sucked.
My sister gets tore up.in late fees on her cable just bc she forgets. Giving away money.
mmmm i luv suddenly becoming overwhelmingly depressed haha i cant even m o v e
Robert Alford dropping another INT in the playoffs. Shocking.
I still love you. Nothing has change
21:30 Temp: 53.1 F Chill: 48.9 F Wind:E 8.6 G 13.0 Hum: 64% Bar: 1020.85mb Falling|Rain: Today 0.00", Jan 0.00", 0.00" yr # g t x w x
We have received reports of a fire alarm near the 800 block of Kerns Ave.
my favorite moment in new girl is when winston can’t break up w his girl bc she’s too emotional and nick does it for him and winston goes, “that bitch a leo!”
Shipping adjustment forms: please try checking the # c act us up dates tag as well! I sent the form as well to those who have orders arriving next week just in case masisingit pa sa baggage (e.g. Veautiful Hello). Thanks! # c act us up dates
Sunday Lunch: Pasadena (777 E. Colorado Blvd) from 12:00-2:30. See you there!
Trying out Initial D and Eurobe---
So far undefeated with the schedule and i get the day off work a bit earlier so stream might be earlier!
Wind 3 mph E. Barometer 1023.44 mb, Rising. Temperature 3.6 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 86%
Service Alert Update: Bobst Library will open as planned tomorrow, Sunday, January 7th: i.e., the stacks will open at 7 a.m. and service desks will open at 1 p.m. Please be aware that library online systems will be gradually restored throughout the day.
If I had one complaint about DEVILMAN Crybaby is that most fight scenes (except for the Silene and final battle) feel short lived because Akira just rips through them like nothing
I hate you I love you I hate that i love you
NBC been dropping bombs with the instrumentals all night
My first stop in Starkville tomorrow is Bullly’s
yeah i’m TIRED T - terrified I - insecure R - random E - end me D - dead
Pet peeve: people keep saying that the Rey's Parents plot thread was "abandoned." Resolved. Resolved is the word
Such dogmatic energy applied to science & religious conservatism must be obeyed because it “comes from God" Impatient Eris, larger than Pluto is the feminine warrior grown from patriarchal restraint.
From kimberly_07 to D E A N
I was in D.A.R.E but they kicked me out cause I came thru with a ounce
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE! Hope, it brings you Love, Joy and Laughter, and everything you desire! xoxox
i’m not inviting calista anywhere anymore
In West Philadelphia born and raised
I’ve eaten so many McDoubles this week, more in total than I did last month #New Year New Me # S t f u
-& When things end do you ever wonder if it was ever really real
If you wait to publicly back something (politically speaking) until it becomes “trendy” we probably couldn’t ever be friends... (e.g. black lives mattering; standing against misogyny; etc.) # just say in ’
Like i told you I’m coming thru every time you call
You mean that thing with Naomi?
Never in my 20 years of life have I ever had a bad experience with Chick-fil-A in Atlanta.
I don’t wanna wait in vain for your love
just spent over 2hrs grocery shopping , my apartment looking nice & full tho
The old bitches at my job got me hot
Apparently I missed a lotta new music toward the end of '17 .. I'm tryna catch up now
((I hate the way I feel sometimes)) Give e an honest answer. why do you stick around to listen to what I have to say?
What's everyone doing and reading this weekend? I am working on some writing and reading Artemis by Andy Weir aaaaaannnd packing (because we bought a new house).
These Dispensaries On The West Coast Three Clutch
With shamanistic participation in life she understands the dance of cyclic, harmonious resonance. Varuna with clouds and rain dispenses ultimate justice & cosmic order.
Do good for others and good shall come back to you
The moment I saw Chan's eyes start to tear up mine did too. I saw A.c.e and fellow Choices sunshine cry. My heart shattered seeing him cry, I never want to see Chan or anyone in A.c.e cry ever. It hurts too much
Jane has been through HELL since childhood....but am I the only one that doesn’t always understand or connect some of these flashbacks?? #Ten Days In The Valley
It's all good though God allowed me to bless others and I did .
Mfas won't give you back nothing you got them they'll keep the shit you got them and stop talking to you when you don't do one thing .
Missed the game. Whomst would like to recap for me
I think the world is overly aggressive, only if you stay trapped in a dark box, only a few but many know about.
I'm not spoiling nobody ungrateful in 2018 but just my kids MY KIDS NOT EVEN UNGRATEFUL . No more shoes , game systems , help with rent NOTHING !
i’m so sick I can’t even smell the vicks and that shit is strong af
Baptized myself in a river of E&J.
2 losses don’t make a win. . # Heels
alright how the fuck is jeongguk so perfect i just want to say that right now
Humility is not something that you do or say, it’s the essence of who you are.
12,000 test runs at 46.51 for Alastair Cook # legend # A s h e s
And having a victorious night simply means conquering the darkness for THE LIGHT to breakforth. # f e b quotes #
1 gallon of honey weighs 12 pounds... we have 6 gallons
How many more nights am I going to sleep next to my bottle of NyQuil???
She can be willful, immature and narcissistic in aspect orientation Quaoar sings & dances life into manifestation battling good & evil, while cleansing away old demons
Do you ever get in those moods where you're so sad and finally everything just goes completely numb and you cant feel anything
# Chiefs fans are # M i z z o u fans with a masochistic slant. Apparently the Tigers choking wasn’t enough pain for them.
I will never get over that F.R.I.E.N.D.S. ended with everyone happy and moving on and Joey is still single and now living literally all alone.
Cole Sprouse can make u drool without doing nothing
I can’t live without you # i l y
On cookie dough ice cream: "What took them so long?"
If someone brought me pizza right now I might marry you
Let me clarify...I’m not flying anyone out lol
I tried tuh love you i tried tuh love somebody else and you wasn’t wit it
my birthday weekend im spending it all with my baby
[2018/01/07 12:25] S.E.N.S. - Angel Fall
When love is not madness, it is not love.
Put your energy into things that actually help you grow and progress.
gonna have p.e soon so imma try be the fastest girl to run the mile again .
Why do I always end up torturing myself?
my man full he just ate
Kevin Knox is so frustrating to watch
Happy Epiphany! (War is over if you want it.)
this is gonna be the longest week of my l i f e
would not even complain if Jisoo makes me her hoe cmon sis you can do it drag me to your lane
acabei de terminar the end of the fucking world e socorro????
In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: it goes on.
I would have expected that scene to be on NV #Live P D
It was their discovery which caused Pluto to lose its planetary status, as some are larger than Pluto. Sedna represents creative ability that is kept to oneself, with talents actualized only through pain.
People go from worth it to worthless real quick.
Now my house looks very Honduran & I love it
Hey, so I haven't Tweeted in a while. ... Yeah, bet you're enjoying that, huh? :^V
Why. Is. Everyone. So. Thirsty. Holy. Fuck.
Feeling lost is never a good thing...
I have a feeling we’ll be working on baseline out of bounds defense this week.
For sure with this Taylor Swift “Tim McGraw,” though.
My silence is just another word for my pain.
I’m watching the UT v UK basketball game on tv and I recognized someone from one of my classes in the crowd....you can’t tell me UT is a big school
Y’all really just blame Sark for fun now
When my brother turned 15 he danced with all my uncles cause they was mad drunk lmao
"I don't need knees I'm not a pussy"
Dave Chappelle said he checked into a hotel under Charles Edward Cheese aka “Chuck E. Cheese
Why does Tom Hart keep calling Fulkerson Alexander?
It's a new dawn It's a new day It's a new life For me And I'm feeling good
why are people rude for no reason?
Creepy yet Entertaining #B T Soutcast D4 My theory is that 3 people are the killers...
women’s intuition is real. i may not know exactly what it is but i know its something.
y’all should check out my listography or w.e
One day, someone will walk into your life and make you see why it never worked out with anyone else.
Too many ppl moving bait on social
Bday dinner tomorrow at Pappadeaux off i10 E
My dad had a 5 hour energy thing and he’s too hyper rn
the baby was b l i n d BLIND he couldn't see anything and therefore couldn't witness anything wow i'm so done
As someone who deals with both sides of racism, don't tell me I'm being dramatic for seeing something wrong with that. I get accused of being a "racist white bitch" from my own native people at work sometimes bc of my skin tone.
I just blocked my first person of 2018. I wonder who is next
Honey I got yogurt from different time zones
is 'honorifics' considered as a clue? #B T Soutcast D4
When H.E.R said “I ain’t like all them other girls, he can’t treat me like them other girls nomore” I FELTTTTT THATTTTTTTT
Oooh now I know what e meant LMAOOOO
Life too short, you ain’t promised tomorrow..
Someday it will all make sense.
Need to get into the EndZone. Need some defensive magic. #A T Lvs L A R # f al cons
“Make I give you shitor make your yansh e big like kobolobo”
Thereus actualizes Relational and professional attitudes based upon positive balance between relationship and work, money and sexuality Oddities below known as plutinoids are of planetoid status, orbiting between Neptune and Pluto.
I had the best nap ever
It’s crazy how we want excellence but don’t want to dedicate the time to get it
I love them but there are certain things when I bring up we will always end up arguing. “It’s important that you have a support network” E said. Something that makes me think
27. WHAT THE FUCK I FORGOT RITZ HAS A PET GRIFFIN HE RIDES ON WHAT TH E F U C K I REMEMBER WHEN HE HAD TO CALL IT AND EVERYTHING NOW RITZ DONT NEED HIS GOD DAMN WINGS BC OF HIS FUCKING GRIFFIN GOD SHIT
Down: E Karlsson, Despite have a game-high(tied) 3 points, he doesn't have the magic he had last season
been craving some wingstop for the longest
You never know what someone is capable of
Why do they insist on forcing it to Julio in the red zone? U saw the numbers earlier. It doesn't work. My unborn grandchildren know what is coming.
zendaya is an icon P H E W
When you break up with your bf on your birthday wooo happy 20th ellie
I will hunt and kill a bitch if the weather is gonna fuck up again I NEED MY LAUNDRY TO DRY OK omg ugh or else i gotta have to go commando the whole week next week
Marry someone who goes with you to your home country & let’s you bring a bunch of souvenirs to decorate the house #My Husband Is The Best
Rui Hachimura of Gonzaga, snags the board and finished with a layup on the other end. #Zags Basketball
I’m not taking no more photos of strangers, BITCH buy a selfie stick, or take up yoga so you can learn body expansion/extension. WTF EVER, just don’t ask me. #You Gon Learn In2018
From dancing to model real quick
i just finished far cry 4 and you basically get to chose your leader near the end and i hate both of them so i picked the one who isn’t as bad and i shot him and now everyone hates me cause i betrayed the golden path oops
I WANT I WANT I WANT TO BE LOVE BY YOUUUUU
Kerfoot with the lone assist on Crazy Carl's first PPG of the season! #Go Avs Go
I’ve been trying to figure out why I’ve been seeing Minnewaska people all night. The lakers played at Target Center today. THATS WHY CHERYL. THATS WHY
Tash Sultana saved my life tbh
Happy blessed Sunday Jghome From Church from Our lady of Manaoag # blessed
Niggas in the NBA needa start punching it out son
Sometimes the grass is greener on the other side because it’s fake.
boa noite eu amo snuper, b1a4, big, svt, blk, 24k, knk, hotshot, sf9 e up10tion
Ok, second episode is already better. And I like Holden’s partner.
PHOLUS visionary skills, radically transform & develop self-receipt through sacred cosmic archetypal images with boundary issues. PYLENOR, legacy oriented asserts will of one's professional accomplishments in the interest of positive recognition of self-accomplishment.
Pray out loud, make us proud, and son, don’t forget where you come from
Honestly feels so great to have ate and already be in bed by 9:00-9:30
I honestly wonder if this team likes each other.
I’m burning the fuck up I feel like Kyree turned the heat up !
Tapos ngayon, you dont want me to be jealous but how?! I wont be jealous e how tell me how?!?!
newyearsresolution: n o l a t e s.
Goy world-wide are terrified hostages of the Jew. Only a handful of brave men have dared identify them (e.g. Jesus, Hitler, David Duke) in this past century.
E HAAAAAAA DKS'S MOVIE BETTER BE GOOD AND WORTHY OF MY LIPSTICK DO YOU HEAR ME OMFG FUCK
ALL THE THEORIES MAKE SENSE BUT I DONT KNOW WHO TO VOTE AHAKALSKZJSJSJ #B T Soutcast D4
My dad stop tattooing my body.... boy is he gonna b mad at the end of all this
i know y'all (u know who u r) want an underground spectrum so let's just do it, p l e a s e
I whispered in your ears, words so razor sharp, bloody...
ENOUGH FOOLIN' AROUND, THIS IS WHO SENT THISSSSSS (genuinely I have some kind of night where i love
It’s reall not what you say but how you say it most of the time
But I didn't think you'd be so selfish.
Kayi chand the sar-e-asmaan, ki chamak chamak ke palat gaye; Na lahu mere hi jigar mein tha, na tumhari zulf siyah thi.. -Ahmad Mushtaq (One of the best verses that I've ever read; it simply comprehends the incomprehensible!)
Ima just eat my feelings away
And, that was the bravest decision I ever made. Ciao!
AREE EW E KIDDING WITH THAY MOVIE
/ I SHOULD MAKE A N O T H E R O C :D
he didn’t do enough he couldn’t protect anyone he was useless was everyone just going to die to this fucking game)
Goes out in soho, gets ID checked... bouncer to me: “you don’t meet the height requirement, sorry you can’t ride this ride.” Me: WELCOME HOME # missed you tamp a
Who got a pro team I can play on rn I’m trynna match up with a friend hurry pro am
If you're not singing along to Ross's music rn you're a monster
Okyrhoe brings clarity, impeccability and loyalty to personal self, to heal the ego by overcoming criticisms, both self-imposed and external. PELION Professionally balances emotions and ego by nurturing and sharing with coworkers with extraordinary capacities.
Have that same Energy when im up
COPIED TWEET Most liked Trailers in 24hrs: 1. # B a a hub al i 2 : 496K likes 2. # A g n y a a t h a v a as i : 175K likes (<8hrs) 3. #Jai Lava Kusa : 174K likes 4. # K at am a ray u du : 156K likes 5. # Sp y der : 137K " P O W E R S T A R " # A g n y a a t h a v a as i Trailer
GIVE YOU THIS GIVE YOU THAT BLOW A KISS TAKE IT BACK
If Third World talented one more time to blurtneet! #Team Shaggy4 Kids
I’ve been doing soooo well Today’s got me down. Send me all those good, healing vibes. My soul needs them all.
I've been in so much pain today like imagine cramps x's 10 (& I had bad cramps) but after taking a bath and getting some Mexican food i think I'll be able to deal
CRAZY CARL TAPS IT IN!!! 3-1 AVS!!! #Go Avs Go #Maul The Mild
Go Good Counsel football .. #24 Countess nice tackle on Julio..TD saving
Bf calls: "Wyd?" Me: "On my laptop." Bf: "On twitter/fb?" Me: "No, I'm on Etsy." Bf:" What type of freaky shit is that??" # i cannot
Lowkey scared to celebrate Valentine’s Day this year I’ll fuck around a give somebody a stack the money I’m finna be getting
Most of the tall guys has a short dick.
Jayson Tatum is better than every rookie this year, including Ben Simmons
Chuck E. Cheese's full name is Charles Entertainment Cheese
I think we needa let Mathews walk. We need to draft a LT
If you can’t make your girlfriend laugh are you even her boyfriend?
My keen, can u sho me de wey
Honestly think I met my best friends today
You know I always go that extra mile
Chinese food and beat sessions...... # t h e c o n s e r v a t i v e whore
Watched, well basically e v e r y t h i n g.
S2: Episode 6 of Narcos is fucking crazy & raw
I swear people really know there intentions with you
“You look like a very inappropriate cave woman”- Hallie Barnes (10 years old)
So my dad is jarring the honey from our bee hive...we have a lot more honey than we anticipated
I don't got no money that's a lie hoe
buddy got me the e.l.f magnetic face mask and it really does wonders on my face
I see a lotta rams haters on the TL lol but watch this
Sark better stop getting cute with this play calling
#Live P D oh man! What a fool
Play connect the dots with the dimples on my booty cheeks.
I wonder what I'll be doing seven years later.
NESSUS releases outworn poisoning contracts from the energy field by drastically taking 'corrective action' Like 'lancing the boil', past simmering resentments that might come to the surface are alleviated.
Otp thank you for cheering me up brooooo
I’ve lost my patience for certain situations and reached my breaking point. I don’t know what’s going to happen from here and I don’t care.
im more confused than i already am #B T Soutcastd4
From my heart and my soul i know my heart full of gold and that’s jus sumtin i know
I put that on my fuckin soul
If it wasn't for you Grace and for your Love🕆
Im one lonely ass bihh tbh
Acceptance is the key to be truly free.
The Psych movie was a 10/10. You know that’s right.
May 4th can't come faster :(
No good day comes easily like that without a victorious night. # f e b quotes #
okay but...theres so much that points to tae...fuck fuck i m g o n n a r e g r e t
im the queen of silent treatments , i will look straight through a mf.
I SWEAR one of my moms Christian songs starts off E X A C T L Y like paldogangsan and im fucking LOSING MY SHIT
I’M STILL WORKING ! I got two more pans of 6CheeseMac in the oven as we speak ..
A lot of henn a splash of lemonade
I ain’t met a bitch yet that I would’ve made my wife, I ain’t met a nigga yet that I would have made my right, hand
How the power go out again already & it just came back on
when be dont trip bout dumb shit bc he know in the endddddd wassup , a MAN
sometimes you just gotta sit with your dog on the kitchen floor
can i just send my pictures to someone ):
It’s time to fly someone out guys
I remember when Jordan used to text me
This men's event is no joke
What if I told you, we are so powerful we can move stars and planets.
just wanna smoke hookah and listen to lorde. i don’t think that’s too much to ask. also worth noting that i wanna do this by myself.
PLEAGDGES STOP FUFKCIGN LOOK I DIDNT EVEN PASTE THE EMOJI MAN RRIGHT PLEAGSE SP AR E M E
This little nigga the funniest man
A major theme of the book is how one would be inconsistent with their autonomous free will belief if they were not professing Arminians (e.g. Southern Baptists who believe in free will yet also believe in eternal security).
Cassidy Stone means so dang much to me I cannot express it
Also they are younger and taller
eu queria mt entender as letras do heaven in her arms e envy
“Seize upon the moment that you have to get to know the Lord ... you only have NOW!” ~ w.a.r.e.
I wish I had more subscribers than my friends...
should we rename this team the atlanta field goals!?
it’s a good thing you can’t actually sell your soul to the devil bc, assuming i didn’t already sell it for Jonas Brothers tickets in ‘07, i would sell it now to be drinking on a beach somewhere
I just hope this time it be better.
why am i still a l i v e
Chiefs w/ the c h o k e
Well that was an eventful night - ended up in A&E with my 4 year old due his temperature of 41 degrees!! #Inner Ear Infection #Stressful Parenting Home now with meds so fingers X he's on the mend!
4. I've had 2 in real life and 2 with ppl I'll never meet
There are things that will never be change.
me and my gfs are like totally spies irl. or bratz dolls. choose ur player
i Mean...just Wait Until Coach Keatts Has a few Years to Build With us its Gonna Be Cool to Watch
Them points gonna cost us the game
Rea Wilson (Saunders) - Bletchley Park 1944 - 1945. Block E, Communications Centre. Wireless Operator/Morse Slip Reader.
These QB's be folding under pressure n the red zone
My chick gonna get nasty anyway, i don’t gotta ask her
It's always "wassup, hold on or I'm a call you back" mfs talk to they background & sells more than me & I never get a call back but w.e
hate guys who flex with sum they don’t have
Iys what we will needa Ok?"", : // ,,,: e
Defense make the hour stops and give the offense back the ball!
ITS RAINING MAN HALLELUJAH ITS RAINING MAN AMEM
Add mainstream music to the routines and BOOM figure skating’s all the rage. Someone figure that out #Pun Intended
Overtime against the Sabres and Coyotes. Good times.
Those pics that got more than enough likes but the yams was o point so you like it anyway.
i have no interest in temporary people
Our defense has gotta force a turnover
Remember the e fuses and the xbox 360?
Wind 1.5 mph (E) gusting to 5.0 mph. Temperature 55.7 F (WindChill 55.7/HeatIndex 55.7). Humidity 086%. Rain Today: 0.00in
4 yo watching Empire Strikes Back: "Blah blah dog robots blah blah." Dad: "....." Dad: "....." Dad: "THEY'RE called AT ATs, OKAY?!"
i hate knowing that im being lied to.
One thing I've learned from life.. In the face of true love you don't just give up - even if the object of your affection is begging you to.. - kak E
Future workspace will probably be a whole dining table with some part sawed out so i can have my working surface on 3 sides I h a t e small workspaces
Popeyes is about to close & I live soooooo far
Tired of this red zone ineptitude
okay, i loved the hang the dj episode of black mirror. legit made me believe in love again
y u gotta send me religious stuff all th e time whyyyyyyyyy
United States have always had an obsession with the Russians since the 50’s. If only Roosevelt was around to watch the leftist libtards.
Assault Just Occurred Ln E Greenwood N Walpole & Ln E Glenside S Walpole [55 Div.] 01/06 22:12 # # Toronto
"Guys do you think you- I have E. Coli"
U could never be me even if u tried
My heart still races for you
Another FG attempt in the red zone! yay!
I ain’t yo daddy, but I prefer that name instead
I'm not thaaaaat evil. That's a bit fishy, literally o. Suffer for the ignorant and foolish.
Seen em!! Asked him what was that he said ?? Haha he said he forgot, he musta had them xans in him
it ain’t that i’m self conscious, i’m just conscious of myself
Oh, man, an almost kiss and no one was on the lift to interrupt. What went wrong??? #Love On The Slopes
Lookin back at Videos from NYE me & my friends be too lit
If I'm MPJ I get on the floor ASAP. Why? If he can keep theis team a float and run the point forward position it would bode very, very well for his draft stock. Mizzou is a floor leader away from being very good.
GOOD MORNING YALL its 6 am n ive had 3 hours of sleep
I knew what was coming but it still hit me like a truck
back on my grind starting monday i’m really on a mission..
prolly not gonna make it to ag4 tour here in manila because i'm prioritizing to see bts. i just finished studying by that time so obviously i don't have the means but damn i wanna see ariana 1 more time
Dem be plug but na we be socket, money dey bank, e dey for pocket, we dey use am clean yansh..... these are WizKid's words, please don't come for me why would I use our currency to wipe my ass?
'yeah I would rather be a lover than a fighter Cause all my life, I've been fighting'
Apologies are meaningless if you pull the same shit.
Y’all got the best WR in the League and won’t just throw it up to this man in the back of the end zone...
forrnite on PC? Let's see the hype
These hands are Rated E for everyone
Finna get my nutrition back on track and cease my piece of shit activities for a minute.
te gusta It’s The End of the World As We Know It de R.E.M.? # mental mess
m E n. T al iLlnESS IS SO FUCKCNDJNDDNFJJDJ
This team doesn’t seem to care and they seem like the aren’t having fun. It’s translating to me as a fan. Where did the team from November go?
Why didn’t y’all run it all the way smh
When u cone on Twitter and the first thing u see is porn
just took the best nap everrr
I respect the bond between a man and a woman. Something happened where I was gravitationally-pulled to step in the spot, that I did.
i.e Will Herondale & Jem Carstairs, Jamie Herondale & Matthew Fairchild, Jace Herondale & Alec Lightwood, Emma Carstairs & Julian Blackthorn, and (possibly) Kit Herondale & Livvy Blackthorn
Oh my fifth Action Replay (I kept losing
Marvin BADley III more like it
Am I the only one who thinks the fact that Winona Ryder the same age as the kids on stranger things in the time period that it takes place in (e.g. She was 13 in '84 like the kids) is h*cking awesome?
Something's telling me it might be you
if you dont have a tinder bio then imma assume youre a robot or a serial killer
Omfg this new movie coming out- Sandra Bullock, Rihanna, Anne Hathaway and that’s not even everyone
I’ll be sleep by 11. I’m sure of it.
im still not ready for tomorrow
Mothafuckas never wanna pay for their own shit
grayson bailey dolan is the most gorgeous man alive B Y E
Speaking of Cane's i should visit Z and Sabrina soon
Mfs been trying to end Julio lately
Well one of the piroshkis for today since its about to move.
True that, if you know you're gonna be 45° tomorrow. It's not winter quite yet, few more weeks .
If you are ranked number 2 in the country, you don't want to play nc state that week. First Arizona, now duke.
My mom really cancelled our internet service... my bags are p a c k e d
grad school has in no way prepared me for anything other than more grad school (read: more suffering)
Don’t seem real , just be the people you least expect
I am losing all my hope and motivation lol
its 5.24 am good night to taehyung only!
That freaking Trevor, the fake mandarin
One night after struggling for offense, everyone is scoring for UND. Andrew Peski scores his first-career goal in his 49th-career game to put UND up 6-0 on Omaha.
MY LAPTOP JUST FUCKED UP LIKER EALLY BAD AND I WAS ABOUT TO RECORD BUT MY PHONE'S??? CAMERA APP TOOK A WHILE TO LOAD BUT WHEN IT DID MY LAPTOP S T O P P E D GLITCHING AND WENT BACKT O NORMAL
It's a rapper named lil xan lol smh
This cold weather isn’t for me anymore. Imma need spring to hurry up
My daughter farts like a grown ass man
I wanna be your golden goose. I wanna shave my legs for you. I wanna take all of my hair down and let you lay in it. Spread all of my limbs out and let you lay in it
Tell her we ain’t worried bout drama just our commas
Imagine not knowing how to use Julio Jones in the red zone.
Ready to start classes again, need to knock this semester out
Yeah I ain't doing no damn edibles
Still learning how to walk and speak Still learning how to use your beak Still working on Maggie's farm Still wanking with a robot arm
To this day I still squirm and cringe over an event that happened over a year ago ahhh fuck me im such an embarrassment phahahaha someone put me down pls x
Still think it’s hilarious someone on here who lives on the east coast e dates a guy in Ireland lol
Come to Me House we watch anime or it's always sunny and eat uhhhhhh //spins wheel WingStop or Cane's
When you drive 25 min to see a movie by your lonesome self... and forgot your debit card Thanks to the awesome dude who let me in free! You rock!
Go back to work Tuesday . Ready for this money
If it doesn't serve your soul, let it go
Come on y’all get a effing TD!!!
My Intro: Name: City: Age: Edu: Hoby: Best Friend: Number: Owner 03328067149
Few bumps in the road but , I’m going to get through it trust me
When your friend cancels their own birthday because it’s -36 outside and nobody ready to be runnin up to the club like an icicle
E esse final de The End Of The Fucking World?
Ahh.. Here comes that low again..
just give me all of you in exchange for me
• who cares • • im free asf • • i stay away • • i keep calm • • r e l a x e d •
Merry Christmas to all the nut jobs who don't own a Gregorian calendar. #Orthodox Christmas
i love shawn mendesssss I loveeee youuuu I love you shawnnnnnn i loveeeeee youuuuu I LOVE youuuuuuu shawn m e n d e s I love youuuuu
i just made the dankest buffalo mac n cheese with veggie buffalo nugs and i also added pepperjack and gouda cheese and it was F I R E but now i'm gonna go poop for like 3 days goodbye
Stop blaming your 97 year old mother. I’m elderly, and I could get cab coupons, bus shuttle service, even nurses if I ever needed help for appts or whatever. Stop using your aged mother. #Live P D
Principalmente Girls Just Wanna Have Fun, Time after time e Money changes everything
I really wanted to go to this party but w.e I’ll just sip and watch movies tonight..
...and that Jess lady too I guess w/e ughhhhh
Anyone wanna run the 2k tomorrow?
No winners yet. Guess the word. It's a 9-letter Verb. Hint: d ● ● e ● ● ● n e Related words are: will, seal, conclude, resolve.
i said what i said & i meant that.
# A g n y a a t h a v a as i Trailer Most liked Trailers in 24hrs: 1. # B a a hub al i 2 : 496K likes 2. # A g n y a a t h a v a as i : 175K likes (<8hrs) 3. #Jai Lava Kusa : 174K likes 4. # K at am a ray u du : 156K likes 5. # Sp y der : 137K " P O W E R S T A R " # A g n y a a t h a v a as i Trailer
The most annoying thing about sports fans today: You can't be real with your criticism or you aren't a fan.
Morning voice and still talk to friends.
“he was wearing uggs. i was pissed”
People that you don't know but talk to you with this vibe like they been around for long >>>
johnny's super broccoli shirt is superior
Well, I was going to have a salad. But all I have is romaine lettuce. Had to go with hot wings today. The risk for E. coli was far too great. DO YOU WANT ME TO DIE?
— ु✧ ꒰ ❀ so m e th i n g yo u c a ll ed m un a re a ！♡ ꒱
wanna lay up and watch movies until i fall asleep
Man its been so long since I’ve drove my ole truck, Im just ready to get it back so I can act a fool and go ride dirties
Nothing to do on this night
* It's New Year, but I barely feel new and fresh. [ & proceed to smash those paperwork. ]
ite bitches Im over here trying to watch Black Mirror. I made a mistake and watched season 4 episode 1 but where tf do a bitch start? its not in chronological order and the internet telling me to jump around.
Platinum Stars? More like Star Platinum.
I have a different heart this year, and I love it
When H.E.R said “I could’ve screamed at you for hours but instead I was screaming somebody else’s name” I felt that
Falcons playing smash mouth right now and they bullying us
I wish him well but he did me DIRTY! I only ride for real ones! I leave crumbs in the dust!
What am I supposed to do, now that Frank is done?
Sounds like he’s a director for an elderly porno fs what you hear in A&amp;E #A&E # Hospital #B A N Ter
I'm 12 and what is this.
i don't trust because you dab with the left hand ? i don't comprehend please elaborate family ?
please help ,e get this out there. Would be much appreciated. Thanks
It's singing, with LGBT characters, talks openly about mental health, but is also funny, with amazing characters..
My mom went to pick up my prescription & was getting mad bc they couldn't find me...... she was giving them the wrong fucking year & when she called me she goes "No, I swear you were born in 96. December, 7, 1996" Ok mom
Kevin Keatts is What this Team Needed Give us some Time to Mesh And Watch What Happens...
We should permanently cede the # A s h e s to Australia and stop this continual national embarrassment.
hope that ren will not fall for that guy im------ rooting for haru you know
You actually made me feel so much worse about it, thanks for that
I’m seriously obsessed with these slippers Gustavo bought me for Christmas. They’re so comfortable !
It's sad to belong to someone else when the right one comes along
Eagles are the worst team left in the NFC with Foles at QB. That being said I think Atlanta at home is the best matchup we could ask for.
Turns out I'm the bad guy by just defending something that I know is worth of my explanation
I’m excited about my new planner. Welcome to 27 lol
I LowKey wanna go have a drinks
If karma didn’t come knocking on my damn door...
am i gonna run track in college though?
Sempre quis ir em uma tour da Taylor e ver ela cantar Enchanted só pra cantar gritando e chorar durante : This night is sparkling, don't you let it go I'm wonderstruck, blushing all the way home ....
yo why the fuck my crunchyroll not fucking working?! how you going to fuck me over on the episode i been waiting all arc to fucking see!!!!
My cousins here don't even acknowledge my existence hahaha
This is the first party my family had since New Years and now everyone telling me “let’s take a shot” lmao
Knowing how bad it will get helps my panic levels.
woke up to silent sanctuary songs
I was told this new N*E*R*D album has a punk vibe on some tracks, I better hear some gang vocals or sumpin
the mood for 2018 is L O V E
2 more chapters to finish DARK on Netflix...
really struggling w a few friends lately & it makes me really sad that they don't want to do stuff w me & that's the main reason i hate snapchat.
Good things happen when we run th e ball
tbh I don’t wanna fall in love with anyone else who isn’t harry styles
Ready to go home & shower today just haven't been my day.
A darth maul vvs chain would be tits
Touchdown needed! Can’t win games with Fieldgoals! #A T Lvs L A R
I know it's petty but #Did Duke Win? #NO makes the grim world flash a little brighter for a spell.
y’all just be wanting attention and be wanting folks to ask “what’s wrong”
I really should thread the top 10 most romantic songs. In no order tho
Had this cRaZy feeling Xavier Wulf was a Scorpio and g u e s s the fuck what hoe HE IS.
I need to do more love experiments with Reika
I have a highkey unhealthy obsession w/ the falcons !
WE'RE GETTING OT9 MID 2018?!!!!! DONT PLAY WITH MY FCKIN !!! #EXO
i just wanna know what gives people the audacity to post their dry ass food on snapchat
rlly tryna work at a record store
Tiraram Drake e josh do Netflix
Does anyone watch Crazy-Ex Girlfriend?? Cause that's show is My Shit™
Feel the fear and do it anyway
you don't gotta sugarcoat stuff w me. i'm probably the most understanding person &' i respect people who tell me how it is.
worked out today for the first time in FOREVER and i'm SO sore
Motivation me and support my dreams . I just need to know that I actually got people in my corner.
I literally only talk to my siblings all day.
We all know people who go to the gym are insecure people WHO ARE WORKING TO MAKE THEMSELVES feel better! So don't judge them so easily. You don't know what they've been through. Not everyone is gifted with fast metabolism and able to eat just whatever they want.
Yall add my new psn : LaJewel
Wow! Acc to NYPost reporting on FCC in 1stQ 2017 Trump & RNC re-elect Trump campaigns paid Trump Org. properties/catering $480,000 & $270,000 For Trump Tower rent + $82,500 in Nov/Dec. This doesn’t incl what he bills us for w/e’s at Trump golf clubs
Y'all I'm horrendous at geography which means I'm constantly surprised by well known facts. With that in mind: WHAT THE HELL IS BERMUDA DOING ALL THE WAY OVER THERE?
confused on why ppl post the shit they do on snapchat or social media period. like some shit is supposed to be private
Gonna play some PlayStation All Stars
I find BLACK MIRROR to be really intense so without fail I pause an ep with 15 min to go and then spoil myself on the ending.
I can do it, with God!
Don’t be entertained by other ppls businesses para di ka mastress
Xavier, AZ, and duke lost today
If it’s not you I just don’t want it
Rt if you know niggas ain’t shit
Tiny, dingy kopitiam toilets are like wire loop games. The alarm sounded today i.e. an internal primal cry when my butt booped the door.
2018 may Doors open to the Ambitious type.!
Mario Ackers-Johnson call me right now foo tf ! I’m on my way ! I DON’T CARE WHERE YOU AT !
Shower time: -adderall -a glass of whiskey -d e p r e s s i o n
God bless our beautiful women from inside and out
Looking at $PLNT .I believe the business will be around & stable for at least the next couple years, but the P/E ratio is scaring me away.
I be so weakkk at myself im dead ass in my house w/ falcons gear on falcons as both of my wallpapers , my headers and profile pic !
so i’ve learned that one of my adult cousins gets breastfed by his wife who has no teeth ..
Dispute Kipling Ave & 401 Hwy E [HP] 01/06 22:09 # # Toronto
well i believe the one who messed up his memories is yoongi himself. don't ask me a theories. bcs i'm stupid.
I wish I had cousins that lived near me that actually liked me
Heaven knows love is just a chance we take. We make plans but the love demands a leap of faith.
I wonder if E Kelly charged both Dadju and Mr. Eazi for that pour me water beat
I love it when Barnes gets pissed.
just cleaned up the kitchen now im abt to go take a hot shower then get in the bed
Also I plan on using my kofi for tips if you just want to support or w/e, every ko-fi bought equals a discount off of your next commission. I'll post some info later
lol. The # bucks are a bad team. No surprise that the Wizards would lose to them. Hilariously # s o w i z a r d s
Carson Clause, my baby, come to me.
I used to hate the sound of snoring but now it’s the most calming noise I could fall asleep to
The end of the f***ing world é muito bom
lol nice try, trying to be relevant
I'm real life down to earth
It hasn’t even been a week since the new year had started and I can honestly say I’m very blessed, healthy, and happy.
Need this Red Zone Offense right now! Right now!! O'line do you hear me! #Rise Up Nation
Also, the stream tomorrow will not be at 1PM EST. Stay tuned.
me dropping hints like: ( L(!!e !$A)!A!(!
Ending winter break with impulsively buying plane tickets to Florida with Kristen, a recently rekindled best friend and her boyfriend! Going out strong
I don’t dance, don’t ask. I don’t need a boyfriend.
UNCG beats NC State NC State beat Duke Therefore ... UNCG beats Duke!
YOOOOO idc who you are. someone come do my fuckin eyebrows like dead ass strangers are welcome
I wish a certain person would leave my brother alone for good. wants to talk all this shit on him, but still wants to have something to do with him.
If you could see like me you'd see it's by my classmates and my….
If Teresa was able to make it to Paradise with Thomas they would've obviously named their kids Deedee and Stephen
Whole Lotta Challengers.. pulled up in the parking lot, saw HHH on the license of a challenger. One of my favorite wrestlers. Sound Teqneek
terminei agr de assistir ther end of the fucking world e gnt....... ASSISTAM TBM PF lkkkkkk
mY GoD I sHouLLd'v E DiEd aT nInEtEen
UNCG best State, Wofford beat UNC, UNCG beat Wofford, and State beat Duke. Therefore, UNCG is better than Duke and UNC
Most handsome UK team under Cal:38-1 team. Tyler Ulis, KAT, BOOKER (!), not to mention TWINS. Hands down, no debate
I'm drowning in new pins, buttons, and keychains
ontem terminei the end of the fucking world hoje quero terninar black mirror e haters back off antes de ir dormir
looking for an apartment really makes you consider living in a box
the amount of excitement i have to see my boy tomorrow is crazy
even though mark fucking got me killed in that game we played, today was really good
there was a shirt that said (E/c^2) (sqrt(-1)) (PV/nR) and i felt super stupid that i couldn’t get it at first but i galaxy brained that shit
Uma alegria na minha vida é a continuidade de with a little help from my friends depois de sgt. Peppers lonely hearts club band
Yo Colorado is pretty dope. That’s it.
After mid season, I grade Babcock a E, how can a coach play Komarov the most minutes, and his top player a meager 13 or 14 min a game.And while I like Polak,s character, he is getting far too many minutes.
I let that one get away from me... Tough lesson learned so I do better next time
Bruh it's been snowing for over 55hrs straight in Syracuse..
the good outweighs the bad, too bad some people don’t think like this.
As soon as the videos go up on yt I will be ON IT
say yes to the dress makes me so emotional, emotional proposals, girls having their dream dress, marrying their dream man, having their dream wedding. Oh it’s an ocean of tears.
When I work all evening, I can’t stop thinking about how much I appreciate Jess. She literally is the best thing that ever has happened to me. Thank you god. Thank you so much.
Bibbity bop I’m still not a thot
I just want to be the mom with the awesome hair, driving a big ass suv, bringing my kids to practice and going to hot pilates
Why does it have to be so shitty, I guess life is being tricky
Falcons say we gon run the ball till you stop it LA.. #ground&pound #A T Lvs L A R
I just wanna see all the people that I love WIN. I’ll push you in the right direction, if I have to. And if things go left, I’ll be right here to support you either way.
Waiting for the performance of Darren, James, Sam C and Inigo together with Popstar Royalty Sarah G! The country's best performers! Yey. #ASAP2018
I really gotta cherish these last days having the room to myself
you're so into me and i'm not.
Son I came to work with not one mother fucking snack! I’m sitting in the cubicle P I S S E D!
I love when the taxi man knows where I live, I also love how my mam use to mind his child
Good luck to me trying to explain to my wife that while she may not like Journey, Steve Smith is actually an incredibly talented and accomplished drummer.
2018 is about making things happen ON YOUR OWN and not waiting on other people.
E-gono Twitter is still up tweeting . Enjoy your app alone.
H.E.R.'s sound is so authentic. she's a lyrical VIRTUOSO. structurally on POINT. in conclusion: her music is refreshing
My last rt , me asf only one person know that side of me. But, ohhhh bay bout to learn about her soon.
Just want someone to lay in bed with and talk.. I just need to talk..
pensando em emma x saoirse x margot e i just can't
Lil Nate Live Sat.7.6.13 Millers's Hall Of Fame "Live Recording & Video Shoot" (11154 Hwy 190 E) Lawtell,LA 10pm-2am
Kayla been rocking with me since DIAPERS #Appreciation Post
Wish I could breathe in the same dimension ,I don't want to let it go.
7 FUCKING PERCENT AFTER RANDSACKING IN NEUTRAL
Hello. The date is January 6, 2018. Georgia Tech is above both North Carolina AND Duke in the standings in the Atlantic Coast Conference (basketball).
d*UK*e falls to unranked NCST. They'll be #1 this week. # B i as #BBN
i was too busy on my own shit
LA LIGA NEWS : Barcelona's top 5 most expensive transfers
These new chewable fruity tums lit. #30and overt we et
More horror roles followed in Final Destination 3 (2006), Black Christmas (2006) and Grindhouse (2007) #M E Wfact
Hey trump supporters, ur "president" thinks america's GDP is below zero. BELOW ZERO. HE THINKS THAT UR GDP IS B.E.L.O.W Z.E.R.O. Think before u vote next time
Babe S U N N Y
Those black jerseys are bad luck!! Smh
If you come at me with some bullshit, please make sure you got some room behind you to make like Juvenile & “BACK DAT ASS UP” cause the fuckery will not FLY.
Practice my T-Rex moves and make the scene
Time to unfriend some virtual friends
I really wish I could snatch my sex back from ppl
Good morning! Video call after work Hahahahaha
Feels like i've already been here before.
SPORTS NEWS : Born This Day - Lewis Hamilton turns 33-years old
There was never a compelling reason to defend Gannon besides "the lefties would get T R I G G E R E D," and suddenly there are better ways to do that.
Take me back to San Mo
# State men t ... we Have a Bright Bright Future
King St E in Oshawa between Harmony Rd S and Melrose St is now open. Thank you.
Kevin Costner could have been bae from the kitchen scene in The Bodyguard!
FUCC I CANT MAKE THE POLY GAME
also there’s so much discourse in the sm fandom cause everyone loves shipping usagi whos fucking 15 with the most annoying man but claims seiya who is a girl her age is a predatory lesbian for wooing her k
I wonder if that was gayle before she got addicted to crack
"Go...go away from me! I'm a monster! I'm a medusa! Hiks... Do...Don't look my eyes!"
LA LIGA NEWS : Simeone accepts Costa red card
#Davonta Freeman nigga these Rams cannot contain you. Lil homie fttBreakin' tackles like Buss be breakin' off those syllables.
I know i want braids for sure but i don’t know what style yet
Godfather theme by slash E A R G A S M
this old man told me " hey beautiful " like eww bye .
There's less time between Skyrim's release date and that of Oblivion's, than there is between Skyrim's release date and the present
I just went out to eat and my stomach on E
I forgot how much I love my back up wig lol
this our year i believe it & i see it !
I hope this consumption kills me
someone buy it for me please
Devontacoleman looking great this drive !
Damnit. I can't wait till Bledsoe hits the playoff stage.
I’ve loved you to the moon and back... But you always loved the sun more.
Espn says ND can’t compete with top teams in ACC, e.g. Duke. Duke lost to NC State. Three days ago Irish beat NC State by 30 w/o top 2 scorers.
Love this Falcons drive. They gotta get 6 on this drive tho.
After today's phone call I know I've been moving in the right direction #Next Step
I’m gonna start an e juice company and make a bunch of hats for it
Do you have the lineups for e mods yet?
Dropping Cover photo for new EP L.I.M.E. Real Soon!
I know I'm the only one... but I can only watch the movie Elf once a year
If there's a year for wvu basketball, it's this year
Gilmore Girls is my oxygen right now
YASSSSS. We should be FOR AMERICA! I am! # G u t f e l d
#Special Features was watched about 3 min, before I hungrly ventured to FDB Fuels for a chicken sandwich an maybe pizza sub, to learn subs were recalled for”E coli” or something, Carla’s explanation. Idk when I will view the rest of # Dreams cape special features.
Why are people going off on Bruno Mars now? Always some weird, unwarranted controversy happening on social media. Smh.
So many nerds on this flight into SFO
i don’t know how i want my hair
So excited to waste 12mos again
Will never give up on you. #M I H Oin2018
Episode 9 breaks my heart so much
LMFAOOOOO IM MAD I FOUND THAT TWEET
Just remembered when I was hella drunk& high in SA and I walked up to a random persons car and opened their door thinking they were my Uber. Well I was fucking wrong and almost got shot lmao
Ontem eu e a luana assistimos the end of the f****** world
I dead hate seeing ppl in they feelings
Thinking of each characteristic of a game as a sliding scale from one pole to another. Ex: Characters are primarily defined by numbers (Pathfinder) or by words (Fate Core). Ex: Mechanics focus primarily on manipulating story or manipulating game world.
psst i keep thinking about how Claire's getting to the end of season 5 and how she's gonna cry really hard
I wanna be around palm trees & clear water like RIGHT NOW
It often feels like I never have time for anybody. Or anything. There's never enough to go around.
They taught I went home late and drunk. They we're shocked when I pulled my McDonald's take out and eat in front of them.
now i want what i just retweeted cause that shit look like it’s hitting on sum
4 20 K I A R T O N. T I M E
MED - MEDICAL at 800 BLOCK OF E BURNSIDE ST, PORTLAND, OR [Portland Fire #RP18000001663] 18:14 # p d x 911
Ol’e boujee ass “my ass ain’t touchin’ this litter” cat!
terminei the end of the fuking world e mano wtf que final foi esse namoral
Should’ve quoted that tweet just to se Wah she’d say
ISIS commander Hisên Ayîd El Bilêbil Ebû El Welîd who planned the Qamishlo truck bomb attack in July of 2016 was killed in an operation by YPG Anti Terror forces in Deir al-Zor this week .
the crocodile episode of black mirror has made me so angry...so you're going to tell me that this cracker is going to kill 4 people AND a baby and she only gets caught because of a fucking guinea pig
Bron put up some numbers tonight
Looking back through the school system & college, as a Scorpio, I always sought to know the underlying science & reasoning behind all activity including government, religion and commerce. My getting a degree in economics in helped me create the Whyquhirpz App peak power platform.
Bradley Beal always beefs with people and never does anything. # punk
If it’s after 9pm, you are at a restaurant , sitting in the bar area, and you are letting your four kids under 5 years old run around like it’s Chuck-e-Cheese. Don’t.
Oh duh I forgot Stephen King - I don't know who it is
O'line you're getting it done baby!! #Rise Up Nation
we are never getting back together.mp3 me lembra ethan e cassie
All of these school works are gonna me hit me hard tomorrow. Fck
Ouvindo the only expeption e tendo uma crise de ansiedade eba
Tryna figure out how to monitor my salt intake also,I notice when I have too much salt my feet hurt and my ankles swell
Way too young for my body to ache as much as it does
i'm very good at keeping secrets, which i know bc i have a lot of practice keeping my own secrets aka bottling up my feelings
é como dizia alex turner the nights were mainly made for saying things that you can’t say tomorrow day
Falcons gotta win since duke took an L tonight
Ever feel like you aren’t enough.. bc same
sm release hide and freak footage and i'll stop slandering your artists
My SANA'S In lyf - A Thread
I broke in my pair of 6 inch heels and now wearing every other size heel I have is easy peasy!!!
I don't care e e e
don’t know either to be happy or sad. so ima be both
bc Zuckerberg doesn’t want to work for the Winklevii, he might prefer litecoin instead. Thanks a lot boys.
the end of the fucking world é topissimo dmsss
I just cant believe i died at 7% from a 0-death man..
Recomendo ashe e mf no bot Izi win
I savor bitterness - it is born of experience. It is the privilege of one who has truly lived.
Me and one of my tinder matches have just been sending eachother memes for like a month back and forth. Zero talking. Best relationship ive had.
#Date One Side. E SA irare yazi le topic itrend apha. I thnk "L" should date "S", aboo "NQEZO" 1 side...
sm keeps on posting videos during sm rookies show wow i miss sr15b
getting emotional bc this time last year I found out I was pregnant and now I have my beautiful baby sleeping in my arms life is good man
Jgh from church. Have a blessed Sunday everyone
Should I stream Fortnite tn?? If i do itll b a 6-8hrs
so what’s the haps tonight ?
Keep feeding that 2 Head monster
Let me swim inside your pool yeah the deep end
If yall read the magical shop the main character used drugs at a certain point in the book so bts bout be back on that...
I wanna go to Chuck E. Cheese
ok gnight i love lucy with all my heart wOooOsh
Raptors fall to the mustangs 2-1. Catch us at home on Wednesday vs White Bear! Nice fight raptors!
Always wish I could view situations in the third perspective would clear up a lot of disagreements
Tennessee is a J O K E
My strongest coffee was 8 pakcers of instant coffee into the hot black coffee mix and i cooled it with ice water and S C U L L E D it
Comes back to Beal missing both free throws on a flagrant 2, and then getting the ball side out and doing nothing. With a 2 point lead. Crippling.
baby watch your mouth it come back around once upon a time we learnt how to fly
Now playing Racks Upon Racks by Don E Thomas II!
The S P A G H E T meme is the best this month, fuck outta here with anything else
Brock Boeser is a Puck Po(e)ser... #T M L Talk #Sucksto Canuck
lyndsey's sisters.... Y I K E S # b a c h can
About to name my son Jiren the Grey. Straight up.
Am I the only one who gets a mini heart attack every time I try and edit a message and get too close to the send button?
My name is not “Fisher Price”, if you wanna play with sumn, take yo ass to Toys-R-US. The devil tricked you into thinking that I was the ONE. #You Gon Learn In2018
Down goes Duke. Gotta love it. Hahahaha
I know I'm not the only one
(Wave) SWELL: 1.0 ft at 15.4 s NNW / WIND WAVE: 5.9 ft at 7.7 s E / WVHT: 5.9 ft / APD: 5.7 s / MWD: 86° / 5:04p HST
Thought this bug had fucked off!!! Hate being sick
My head aches so much. My throat burns. I wanna d*e
My nigga gave me two pairs of his shorts and his sweater. Im in love
/ laughing at all this august/sofia drama cause ****** ***** ****
E a S01 de this is us
Property Damage Collision Finch Ave E & Wilfred Ave [32 Div.] 01/06 22:08 #North_York # Toronto
You know how viners used to have meet ups in different cities? We should do that except featuring liquor at various apt clubhouses ..
Black Mirror Season 5, Episode 1: HQ
B.E.E.S / this tweet with that makes ghost in his world leader KAPOW! Demon is beans of the devil 4.
my momma made some fye ass pork chops and rice
I did not go to school in South Carolina because I wanted to deal with snow. I’m angry.
Sanctum logic. They conjured up the Purge to eliminate a threat. I mean—why carry the danger all the way to Pulse?
I just kno i ain’t gon have no valentine this year
I AM SO HAPPY RN GO PACK BABY THATS MY SCHOOL AND WE BEAT DOOK!!!!!!
JMU can't complete undefeated season, and East Rock boys just beat defending state champ R.E. Lee. It's the upside-down world, everybody.
There’s a big difference between “filling a pulpit” each Sunday and preaching the gospel every Lord’s Day. Preachers who seek to make a difference must teach with truth, clarity and passion. The goal: Be an educator, not an orator.
she be FERGIE from the crew B. E. P.
If you can handle receiving all my snaps of me lip syncing then you special
How can some student councils say that student representation and the CRSRS Amendments are p e t t y issues?! #GASC45
I laugh when I cry I can't help it...
I’m only 23 but I’ve been around a lot of 25-30 year olds and it’s honestly been the most positive experience I’ve had in years. It’s helped me grow exponentially.
It's quite rare to find someone who sees the same world you see.
You'll always be a queen to me
#Team Shaggy4 Kids Hip hop derives from dancehall.....Most ot the founders have caribbean background including Doug E
Matt Ryan always looks like he just got out of a sauna.
Thank you for the QB sneak
The end of the fucking world acabou e eu to como:: ?????¿¿¿¿¿
just looking through this pictures makes me tear up wondering how things turned out
Watching ATL with my baby brother
I dont know why I find AK Bahri to be so attractive???? Maybe because he's a dark asian malay hotness to the likes of Remy Ishak??? Remy ishak is such a daddy i swear to god
Doug E Fresh just said ‘91 and I feel like one of the women interviewing him wasn’t born yet lol #Team Shaggy4 Kids
My Dad Lost Is Life N It Change Me .. Rip !!
never have I ever questions for next video? hmu!!
Girls Swimming/Diving...Kearney Invite Results 100 Back - 2nd J Coffey, 7th Z Henkenius, 9th I Kramer 100 Breast - 2nd E Newland, 5th L Welsh, 6th M Batres Congrats Bolts...Great Day to be a Bolt in the Pool!! # pi us proud
"Las personas, cuando se enamoran, arden en llamas" -I'll give you the Sun
sailor moon was my main interest for so long but everyone using usagi merch in their uwu ddlg aesthetic appalls me
Idk why I think watching a scary movie is a good idea
Just went to dinner and my ass is hungry again ..
Taylor Hardy, 23, was the winner of tonight's Miss Quincy Scholarship Pageant at Quincy Community Theatre.
THAT SPOT KIDS WAS SO GOOD THAT WAS LIKE STRAIGHT UP FIVE MINUTES OF MINHO SMILING CONTENT WHICH IS ALL I WANTED
Every time I talk to him I told him keep hisself out these Damn streets
Pay special attention especially if your sink/faucet is located on an exposed wall (i.e. direct contact to the elements). JW Management
"I hope you realize your mistakes and see how much I tried to understand you."
Constantly coachin myself so I’m always prepared n know what to do.
Wes Craven was the 1 who died. If it's saying A+ list, I think it's either him or Englund
Good win for the Dennis Smith Jr. guys as NCst whips Duke after bad beat down by Notre Dame.
HWO FU CKIGN ADA R YOU GU CK UNG PE IC E OF SH IT HOW DATE U IDSS HISTORY DO U KNOW WHAT ISIROY IS ?? I T'S WHAT MADE ANIME THAT I TODAY!! BAKA!!! ANATA GIGI BAKA DESU!!
Saturday night as 23 year old Bethany: • Season 1 of Spongebob • footsie pajamas • Taco Bell Anyone have a problem?
Was kinda inevitable the Wizards would blow this one. Really, really bad offensive sets down the stretch but what else is new?
Stoked that Bledsoe will be in the Playoffs this year man
Made it off the shuttle.. but that means we are all cursed or something, right? Still not safe.
They cultivated so much hate in you mama
I’m too drunk to text so can we FaceTime
workin on an a.c.e edit but i have no clue what song to use sigh
the end of the fucking world é uma merda n assistam
My Bc was meant to run out yesterday and its still paying me and iv'e had no warnings uhm idk why
every time i break a nail i wonder why i dont get gels/acrylics and then i remember the absolute hell i went through the last time i had acrylics and im like HMMST.
What are you ppl asking meeee???
I always see the first week as a trial and error period anyway though so it’s done it’s job
That shit is so annoying but w.e. Ignorance is bliss I guess.
It's moving in a complex manner, but it still only gives me pleasure. It reminds me of a carnivorous plant, slowly digesting its prey.
no one likes the person that imposes weed where ever they go
My mom hate when I know more shit about hair than her lmao sorry sis
“I was one class away from being bilingual!”
Y'all wanna know a secret It's all about the simple things .
The wedding is off. The engagement is dead. I’m done. I can’t do this no more.
I honestly dont understand how i’m so bad at art :))
currently eating cocoa puffs in my batman pijamas while looking at grayson hitting a ball with a golf stick shit .
Keep running the ball!! Get Ward involved
Why go through the trouble of hiding you Snapchat stories from someone instead of just deleting them?
ANOTHER BRING HIM HOME PROGRAM!?!?! Y’ALL ARE TRYING TO M U R D E R ME
Me with beach house rn and it’s a strange feeling
checksums make sure I haven't accidentally duped a number
Can someone RP Shane for me? At this point I'm desperate. I just need someone sexual...
orgasm tOMOOOOO just because H E L L bara we want :3
Babyyyyy I'm dancing in the dark....
I been sleepy everysince we left for Chuck E. Cheese
hey ladies i have tea and it’s scalding
Sandvich is the ultimate well balanced meal #Sandvich Bot
"But our most dangerous enemies are the ones we never knew we had." -Gossip Girl
Almost a triple double mga chong
morrigan and nadia on the hunt for fashionable winter clothes
im gonna rewatch Get Out une film(e accent aigu)
People with no edges, length, or hairline and damaged hair love telling me what I should do with my hair
I Feel You Aza Holmes. The Tightening Gyre Continues
I kinda wanna go out but kinda don’t because i have a game tomorrow:/
Transferring a sleeping toddler to a crib should be an Olympic sport
Caring for your family should be one of your first priorities
Expecting too much will kill u damn
Lay your heaaaad on my pillow
Dude, where did they get those football uniforms
(0) h and e/b t a re t (a) in t (y) 0ur e (a) t 0/n e (a) t (0) w/0'r (k) t
i want a nigga that’ll sing to me while playing with my hair
REMINDER: Pasta will fuck you up.
i broke a nail earlier wtf.............
I need to go clubbing soon
Reason 1000000000 why i love Dave Chappell so much
just want someone i can go ghost and be happy as fuck with
there are so many things to talk about so why do you keep talking about the SAME thing
moving to the millard area was a great decision
Is that Robert Englund or the other one who died recently?
--Speaking of The 1975, they better get their gd lives together w the new album because I s2g if they do a deluxe again & have me spend hella only to later sell that shit discounted and signed.... --
Home Depot employee - how much weight will the shelf support? Yo merengues-let's see, a screen, a keyboard, mouse, my arms and my trash skill to play Home Depot employee -65lb its ok?
Over and over again.. he fills a void you left here..
Bridget Jones's Baby it is. HOW have I not seen that?
I’d rather watch the DISCO’S over The Golden Globes any day. # G u t f e l d
Tom now you’re stealing Jane’s mail!!!!! #Ten Days In The Valley
falling in love means potentially having a good song ruined forever
You can't spell "stable genius" without u-n-s-t-a-b-l-e. # stable genius
Do you ever fall in love with an album but when you go back a while later and it just doesn’t fulfil you like it used to?
Every time my brother, sister, or dad find me in the kitchen their eyes lid up and ask what I'm gonna make automatically
I thought we are but we're not.
Do girls have insecurities about their genitalias? Guys get insecure about their length it's almost embarassing HAHAHA what do girls get insecure about?
That boy freeman be gunning that bihhh hard
We beat UNC, ASU loses, Xavier loses, Oklahoma goes down, and DUKE LOSES! What a great week to be a hoo
This has been THE longest first week of a new year I’ve ever experienced in my life
I need a 750 ml bottle of HENNESSY rn
I just typed 3 pages and it‘s all probably wrong lmao pls kill me
Lay down your weapons Rest your army Let it break thru your walls Open a window, let yourself feel F E E L
Yaw gone hate the way my heart is now IDC BOUT SHIT
When they ask for how I manage, I be telling them e be OLUWA e no be with my own strength, He be the master builder master planner of my life
I sent my boyfriend a super cool sex position I wanna try and he’s ass goes, “Lol easy” I’M BITCHHHHHH
part of me wants to know what the rest of a.c.e said to yuchan but part of me is actually happy beat respects their privacy enough to not let us hear it
Trading my sorrow// Hillsong childhood fav
flaw 【n】 <meaning>：欠点/欠陥 [ex]： a fatal flaw in his character
they’re all watching b*g b*ng th*ory
im so fricken excited for the damn game tomorrow and im also so nervous ahhh i just really love buffalo too much to see them lose #Go Bills
xoxo I can totally feel U right now my Love.. *muaahhhh* #Me And U Christian© #Time Travelling Soulmates© #The Beautiful Force Of Our Love Spark©
Hate drinking hella water I stay in the bathroom
So I know it’s like 10:17 at night but I want pizza
Nicole to jake: “I’m like a squirrel in the forest....I’m gonna collect those nuts”
Okkkk. I started reading One Piece manga again.
. . /M y/ fucking baby. M i n e.
45 points with 0 minutes in the 4th. I’m done!
despite more public campaigns to de-stigmatize mental health issues (e.g. Bell Let's Talk), there has NOT been a substantial challenge to the idea that "mental illness = dangerous". Sanism has become further entrenched in our language and attitudes, and the general public can't
Hill is hoping he won't be in open field like that again
20 Years later, after having returned it to blockbuster and lost it to memory, thanks to the SNES Classic I have finally beaten Super Mario RPG.
why do females eat better than guys dead ass
okay their earlier albums do but the one they worked on for poet anderson was top notch
This is my second trip to Manila in 3 months. I haven't even left yet and here I am looking for VVIPs for more concerts. I need serious intervention. H E L P. or not. #Ja Dine Revolution On A S A P2018
I hate coming to Chuck E. Cheese
I wanna be the only one you want
Also - act like you've done it before State. I.e. NO court rush.
google search: how do I stop crying
I have worked everyday this break
Oops --Southington, CT| T-ALRT| I-84 E/B Between exits 30 & 32| Heavy delays due to FD dropped 1000 feet of LDH hose off of truck all lanes blocked
Greek Lamb Basket and some Salt and Pepper Calamari at the Exchange Hotel.
i just can’t get my head around how i’ve already fucked up 2018 so badly
1500 pcs. D O N E
I dislikes cute things around me.. # melon b o t
Ima sleep good tonight regardless . We ain’t losing no sleep over here
WOW! Glad the guy from last night is ok. That was amazing!!!! Made my night. Seems like a nice guy, to thank the officers for saving his life. Live P D is just startling. I’m stunned. #Live P D
my nails the same length as those if not longer.
I love how Waverly goes from her first time with a woman and with Nicole to pantieless cheerleading routine with high kicks, for the teasing pleasure of Officer Haught's eyes only
I just want to go to church . I’m in need of prayer
I’ve realised it’s easier to ask for others approval than yourself.. and let me say.. I feel sooo happy not being black out drunk considering I’ve been eating salads all week
Who tryna get spanked in Anagrams?????
Did anyone find out why Colton Herta was listed under the RLL BMWs? (He was off testing for Andretti's Formula E team)
RIP self , damn why you bruh
I want Jax to win tomorrow
my boy cuttin up the field rn
Darth Dingus drove fast homstuck fandom, and this fucker selected high quality beets. .
SAY, DOES THIS DICK SMELL LIKE CHLOROFORM TO YOU?
so just n u t e l l a
I just wanna feel good about myself
I’m listening to Fergalicious and they spell tasty T-A-S-T-E-Y and I think I just re-learned what it feels like to be disappointed
Baby, let's hop up in the shower, baby, let me snatch up off that towel Let me get a vowel, I-O-U, so I-E-U mean I eat you
How ravers to come off the stage at #Team Shaggy4 Kids and Anju nuh go on and fling him shoulder? Me vex
Shit... I’m not going to make it. I might make it to almost the end. But I’ll definitely die and probably in a dumb way helping whoever the main character is on this shuttle. Whoever’s story I’m in, eff you.
It feels like something’s heatin’ up, can I leave with you?
I’m lowkey tryna go out tonight
I'd rather come out naked with the truth than come out dressed with lies.
Dedicating this whole week to photography
As of now I've seen 406 species of birds in Peru. With several thousand photos to review I might get....like 14 more (I need a new hobby)
PROPHECY FOR THE DAY: The grace to live up to what God has called you to be, (‘DAY’) shall come upon you today.
NC State plays their best ball when they are playing against a top 2 nba draft pick
It’s like the 2015 team all over again # no defense
Can’t believe Kenneth is taking his sweet time because he had to change boots nigga come get me out this hood McDonald’s
What if you kena jodohkan with someone and you found out after you two are married (kirakan kamu dua celibate lah) that you realise you can't commit to that one dick for the rest of your life????
obnoxious sailor moon fans who like the inners owe me $100 each outer senshi fans can tentatively stay except the ones who say haruka is a trans boy sailor starlight fans hello
All the lights flickered, dimmed, and briefly went out on this rickety ass shuttle. If I’ve learned anything, we are in the opening of a horror movie. I’m already assessing who is playing what role.
The secret of Lake’s Father is bound to come out!!!! #Ten Days In The Valley
Gonna need to take a hard break from social media pretty soon I think. So much learning and clarifying of thought to do.
The main reason I wish I was better at basketball is so I could’ve pursued a career in it. I.e. Training/coaching
Your first mind is usually right lol.
i mean i don't mind jeans but flip flops annoy the fuck outta me
— i have zayns birthday marked on my calender. i am ready!
Imma start saying nah cuase Steven says nah
this au is messing up my mind #B T Soutcast D4
bap is in Japan wonder if any of their sappy asses watched CCS
i got everybody confused im fwt
Officially part of the pop socket fam
Not having enough sleep isn't bad at all e.
If you’re like me & you been sleeping on H.E.R. then you need to wake tf up.
I scare myself sometimes. Can you do this which you’re typing on the keynote? Not 2018 scared self!
Neptune’s produced MA$E “Lookin at Me”
The others will be pampered,paid fees for in harambees you know e.t.c becoz they accept the stupidity.
What is the moral of black mirror I'm really not getting a good grasp on rhis
First Sunday of the year done
zoom in on my profile pic for a surprise. :)
She say she luh da way i kiss on her neck
I hate the two hands overhead whole jumping thing that this new scoring system is encouraging. It looks sloppy 90% of the time. #U S Champs2018
Currently resisting the urge to watch 13 Going on 30. For the hundredth time. # net f l i x
WHEN U TRY TO GO FOR THE HIT STICK U ALWAYS MISS THE FREAKING TACKLE. F U N D A M E N T A L S
Some of y’all be having too much free time on ya hands.
Final Score.....Woodstock 5 Eastern CT Eagles 4
spending my night with ba(e)sil.. drinking rosé.. watching the national dog show. honestly what a time to be alive.
If you gotta lie to make it through the day you aint living right
It’d be great if just one thing would go right for me
01:16 e eu sad but phyno
My FEELINGS are not to be toyed with, ima start cuttin you knotty head looney bins #You Gon Learn In2018
like p l e a s e stop. I get that being vegan n vegetarian is better for animals n the environment but you don’t have to point at every food I eat and say it’s disgusting when I already struggle with food
gente assistam the end of the fucking world é mt louco recomendo
You are, after all, very, very clever.
You gon’ love it if you try it!!
emma carstairs e julian blackthorn merecem toda a felicidade do mundo
You cant even depend on family anymore.
I miss working out and hoopin
“Watch our for me, I’m bound to glow”
Joc leaves back home tomorrow. I’m sad.
Holy jesus look at the # l f c fans turn rabid on # c out in h o Did you expect him to stay when a bigger club came along? this is Barca....you're Liverpool. Know your place.
Who got the entry number 119?
I’m bouda go right to sleeep
Why Does No one DM Me? (Or, Am I Asking to be Too Messy): An Autobiography
If this is love, I don't want it.
What happened behind the scenes with American Gods? Everybody dropping out.
Today is an interesting day for the demon.
… in a way that helps people narrow down choices when looking for a new game to play. I’m thinking of a less abstract set of characteristics rather than an analytical framework. 2/2
# A g n y a a t h a v a as i Special shows ki AP government green signal ichindhi anta kadha. N8 1am to mrng 10a.m varaku for 1 week ... E special shows effect bane untundhi collections pina.....
WHAT ARE THE ODDS OF THIS EVEN HAPPENING HASKFLMK;ALG,E Please make this interaction happen one day
Terminei The End Of The F***ing World e to reflexiva agora
your career safe bcoz your pawan puppet
I LOVE DR. MEGAN HUNT SO MUCH
-& Empty doesn’t even begin to describe it .
A real boyfriend wouldn't give another girl more attention than his girlfriend.
I jus wanna be fit successful and happy
Thalmor in the Ratway? What's next, Spriggans in the Bee and Bard?
How is that a foul on Williams? How?
a.c.e love each other so much i seriously am crying rn
Real talk for a minute - a thread
Wow. That’s the dude from last night! #Live P D
i can lend u broken parts that might fit like this and i will give you all my heart so we can start it all over again
This is not the hallaca of an honest woman.
Califonia knows how to party, Sweden knows how to make pop music.
Damn groupworks really give ne headaches. Its weekends ffs
If I knew everything that I know right now back then... You would probably still be with me boy!
I don't like joy right now
I can't wait till my wedding or my funeral when all my friends will get to meet each other
And that’s the official starting bell to #Mardi Gras2018 # no la
Doug. E. Fresh! Whew! An icon! What a talent, yo. An true entertainer. A master of his craft. Can’t sing his praises enough. Give him all his flowers! #Team Shaggy4 Kids
Lrt honestly that’s the best video ever
J ust Wanna Be With You - High School Musical E go - Beyonce N obody's Perfect - Hannah Montana
OH MY GOD WHY DID I THINK A ROMCOM WAS A GOOD IDEA NO
Duke really can’t beat a team in their conference huh ?
I'm still in awe as it relates to Doug E Fresh #Team Shaggy4 Kids
saw my baby girl today and i had one of the best days in about 2 months
Now I have to plan Rashad’s Nerf party that’s happening in month! It’s never ending!
When she’s alone She goes home To a cactus In a black dress— Such an actress. - H. E. Styles, “Kiwi”
Oooh my goodness I want to go sledding! It was a childhood tradition when I lived where it snowed during winter. #Love On The Slopes
I’m not no regular female and you won’t treat me as such. I d e c if you take this humbly or not. Hold me to a higher standard mfer
Avg Wind:12kts, Gust:17kts, Wave Height:0.3m, Wave Period:4s, Wind Dir:101 °(E), Gust Dir:115 °(SE) at 07/01/2018 03:12:00
Now I have to edit this crap. UGH
Water Temp:9.5 °C, Avg Wind:3kts, Gust:8kts, Wind Dir:104 °(E), Gust Dir:110 °(E) at 07/01/2018 03:12:00
quando eu e a mika tiver juntas irl it's over for u bitches
Avg Wind:16kts, Gust:30kts, Wind Dir:89 °(E), Gust Dir:51 °(NE), Water Temp:8 °C at 07/01/2018 03:12:00
Avg Wind:18kts, Gust:22kts, Wave Height:0.9m, Wind Dir:96 °(E), Gust Dir:91 °(E), Water Temp:9.4 °C at 07/01/2018 03:12:00
Did y’all forget how to tackle at the half
Honestly visiting New York, it’s very diverse. I just would hate taking the train anywhere with all the madness that happens in between commutes. I like to be alone in my book minding my business. A l o n e.
Water Temp:7.3 °C, Avg Wind:13kts, Wave Height:1.1m, Wave Period:4s, Gust Dir:68 °(E), Gust:20kts at 07/01/2018 03:14:00
Praying for all the employees of Metro Ayala who might end up jobless for a while.
About to hit the gym and run my life out to Beyonce's and Destiny Childs greatest up tempo songs!
If you can’t hold a conversation or don’t like to talk, then don’t even try to fwm , shits annoying
WHAT A SHAME, YOU LOST THE BRAIN THAT YOU NEVER HAD
Gente the end of the f***ing world e muito bom super recomendo
Rich ppl got ultrasound techs coming to their house to perform sonograms on them?!
Hopefully 2018 I will have my glow up
#Ask F I R S T P O W E R U P Does the force powerup allow me to force a girl to like me?
im the guy who breaks up with someone if they dont talk to me for two days
Big Donald gotta be a top 5 DT of all time
LMAO old lady on the train asked me if I was talking to a boy bc I was smiling at my phone. Naaah man I was laughing at memes people talk to me on the train so often.
i have to write a starter for maria but nadia is so terrible with kids, i.........
When the bond is broken then the history don’t matter anymore
TO CONCLUDE THIS THREAD overall, sf9 never really disappoints!!!! (though i*e does as always) HHHH I LOVE THEM EVEN MORE BEC OF THIS GRABETI
Whoa! Is that the e DOs in 6 days guy??? # l i v e p d
Brent been ironing pants for ah strong hour I ain’t lying.
#Now Playing That's Where I'll Be - Hezekiah Walker on # e g i m radio
I am so happy the #Golden Globes are on tomorrow. I can absolutely use an E! Red Carpet and an award show!
Just think positive, maybe dia bz kowt..
Google Withdraws YouTube App From Amazon Fire TV
Dowd has been decent but why was he getting a shift in OT over Goldy and JV18? # real good # C a n u c k s
I bet y’all a dollar if America legalized all drugs. This mother fucka would have crime rates dropping, drop the opioid epidemic, boost the economy, and make us a lot more open minded. With that said. Fuck Jeff sessions
Don’t even know why I’ve ever tried with a woman that can’t hold her liquor. Shit mad annoying
I remember when you told me that you loved me...
do you ever type a message and tell yourself “no you’re not crazy. don’t do it. “ *message sent*
*looks for sailor moon merch* *gets upset when there’s no seiya kou stuff* oh this is fine
“Not everyone believes in her and not everyone supports her, but her God goes with her and that’s what sustains her”
Our box is open for a brilliant time at Next up, Glasgow 3rd October!
# Quota t ion The greatest obstacle to discovering the shape of the earth, the continents, and the oceans was not ignorance but the illusion of knowledge. -Daniel J. Boorstin
when im praying is the only time my head down
When Skyrim was released, the Playstation 2 was still produced and commercialized (production ended in 2013)
SO I FAKED A HEADACHE AT SCHOOL AND PEOPLE ACTUALLY BELIEVED IT AND I MADE IT HOME AAHHAHAHAAJAJAJA I DESERVE A GRAMMY
my mom: so what do u do if a guy comes behind u in a club me: im a lesbian my mom: oh ya what if a girl does me: throw it back
What this story has caused so far: Stress Stress Stress Overworking brain at 4am on a Satursay STRESS Meeting new nice ARMYs S T R E S S Enjoyment DID I MENTION STRESS YET? # b t sou t cast #B T Soutcast D4
We Run The Night (Original Mix) - Tonite Only
I can starve myself to death by looking on my wallpaper all day
I was so sure i’d never be in that much pain again but here i am again and again.
India to Launch 31 Satellites on January 10
"Oh, father, tell me... Do we get what we deserve?"
The end of fucking world é muito bom aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
I’ll never understand the ignorance of some people :)
(Wave) SWELL: 0.7 ft at 8.3 s ESE / WIND WAVE: 2.3 ft at 3.8 s E / WVHT: 2.3 ft / APD: 3.7 s / MWD: 89° / 9:00p CST
You taught me how to treat somebody sweet...
My 25th birthday party is about to to be so lit and i need a bartender
Nevermind. The posts are there, but buried.
Okay this game can end so I can focus on these Falcons
All I've been listening to is MOMOLAND's BBOOM BBOOM, y'all don't understand how lit this song is!
Life is too short to be unhappy.
Is it cool to show up to Saturday night hangouts an hour and a half late if you bring Christmas stockings filled with candy and matchbox cars for everyone?
Forget the former things, do not dwell on the past.
You’re so bad for me I know it
I never understood the theory/feeling of senioritis until rn. I spent 2 weeks watching vines and Netflix and I have negative motivation to stop that and get back to school
Hhey I want to work cause her 25 c….
O'line please help us! We need you now! #Rise Up Nation
Aaron Donald is a man amongst men
Hearing these stories about my coworker's relationship makes me wonder why I'm still single. But at the same time makes me thankful that I still am.
Is it a problem that people wanna cuff me too fast? Yeah, it kinda is actually
these boyz d line too serious
Be careful what you ask me, because my answer will be 1000% of nothing but the truth as I see it; so beware. #You Gon Learn In2018
Be the person that 1000 times feel happier when see SUPER JUNIOR are smile, and 1000 times more sad/hurt when SUPER JUNIOR crying.
And the first time I ever had a real kiss it was with you...
Who's up for second dinner? How can I be hungry again?
I'm getting Instagram posts from 12/24.
Dakich is a beast man. All the hatred in today's weak ass culture he recieves.....that immediately means he's right. Because he views shit out the lenses of a man. Only snowflakes can't get it
Ok u all suck I'm getting oasis bye
Weather 1/6/2018 9:15 PM: 26.6F 56% humidity 29.997inHg Wind E/2.68mph Rain today None
Wishing my grandfather lived a smidge closer to Jacksonville so I could see the mess that tomorrow will be.
I’m already looking at prom dresses
Every time I see my credit go up I get the same feeling as when you level up in a video game
Now The 1975 playing The Sound
~ I told you he was gonna die. His dignity to g o n e.
y’all bitches is some w e i r d o s.
Allat getting attached, opening up to mfs, & listening shit is dead with me from now on. Stg
When you out and don't wanna be seen but get seen
will the real slim shady please stand up?
Stuffy nose. G r e a t.
Unc and Dook both losing today? Bless up.
I just tried to order Dee some food online on my laptop trying to be secretive . He going to ask to see my history b/c he knows I was watching porn
#Team Shaggy4 Kids Ding Dong, shenseea, Chris Martin, Raymond, Doug E Fresh, Shaggy
— i am DETERMINED to find out who wrote that in my last tweet. i REALLY want them to dm me. AHHHH.
When you want peace to study, but Big Hero 6 is on. Popcorn is up.
I just know that as soon as I get used to driving on the left side of the road, I’m gonna have to go back to the US and then driving on the right will seem weird.
Welp time to get this ot
Funny thing is I was 10lbs lighter during summer LOLOLOL
First time I ever had my heartbroken it was by you boy...
Hey c minor is tough. Your middle slips going for that e flat, you're screwed, man. #Me T V Batman
Everyone is gone or ignoring me, so ima go become a stripper and pay my way though collage guys -She puts her thumbs up with a smile-
I know GOD gone get me through this. Worrying and stressing about what I have no control over ain’t gone fix my situation. Imma just put everything in His hands
I swear when he come home we going on breakfast dates and just regular outings because it’s seem like forever apart from each other
Rather get a text saying "I'm busy" than no reply at all
y'all i'm getting stronk i walked outside in like 2 degree weather with a short sleeved shirt and sandals and wasn't even phased wow
man I am tryna just have hella stashed around the crib
OH THATS YA BEST FRIEND IM TRYNA FUCK HER WIT U
NieR: Automata Routes A - E all done. Wow. Well done Yoko Taro. The praise this game got, it completely deserves. I've got a lot of thoughts. Gonna try and put some together later. For now? Just wow. What an experience.
Torin Fucking Dorn!.. Lets Go!.. Dagger
Just starting reading “God and Donald Trump” by Stephen E. Strang. It’s a good alternative to #Michael Wollf Book.
I’m so locked down it’s crazy
Doug E Fresh and Ding Dong mash up di place !! #Team Shaggy4 Kids
I realize that I, too am guilty of this sometimes, but damn, some people really overshare on social media. Like we don’t need to hear about your kidney stones, Karen.
Why is my man looking like whole meal right now
Some of the most insufferable people are on Facebook
this whole break has consisted of me eating and online shopping #New Year New Me lol
Pound them with the Run!! #A T Lvs L A R
R-A-G-E is the perfect sadistic man but also he can’t spell his own name
Fuck school imma be a stripper
"buy my book... buy my book"
reveal their true nature which is not human, but nymphic (that is, demoniac); and these chosen creatures I propose to designate as "nymphets."
Btw, how much for an ICU bed? #Team Shaggy4 Kids
my vr chat run has come to an end, they deleted the roblox server and models...
I Don’t Like Him On Me As Much Now Cause Of That
The way people find gifs for everything is amazing. Lol
Should be illegal to be working at 4am on a Sunday roll on tonight as I’m off tomorrow, went to bed at 8 o’clock last night
so sick of pretending that everythings alright, cause it's not.
I really wanna go on this cruise with my sister nem..
ugh my internet is so slow :((
Please take USS Texas out of the rotation
Tom Brady has won 20 playoff games with a worse passer rating than what Alex Smith had today.
I want kinda need a edible rn...
I can’t wait to be a soccer mom.
To Be honest it's my fault that H.O.P.E isn't on Apple Music and Spotify. I waited last minute to turn it in but I'm glad I did that cuz I made a song 3 days ago which tied it all together
Too good at goodbyes deserves E V E R Y T H I N G
the end of the fucking world é mto bom
brainstorming + pizza = literally the best combo ever
None of his friends are on he's L O N E L Y
It's a date even when we're in the McDonald's drive-thru with sweats on
I wish I saw my baby today
where my real guinness drinkers at
I just wanna get lit and go rave
What? He lied about his name? Surprise surprise ... #Live P D
WHO VISITS YOUR TWITTER PROFILE (100% safe, 100% workin) C L I C K H E R E
No way, you're giving this to me?! Oh, thank you, thank you...
being called ‘mama’ when you don’t have kids > being called ‘mama’ when you have kids
Rewatching high school movies I'm remembering how little prom ended up mattering towards the end. YOU LIE
Al Freeman and Dorn been handling Duke all game
Won’t lower my standards for nobody
Aye ain seen y’all RT sports nate since that scamming shit
I get bored very easily, I’m constantly needing something to keep me entertained.
LOONA IS A GIRL GROUP TO LOOK OUT FOR, (I'm not bashing on any girl groups I wish all of them success). WHEN THEY OFFICIALLY DEBUT THE EARTH WOULD BE QUAKING #LOONA
whoever used my debit card lastnight and left me with two dollars, your moms a fuckkken hoe (-:
My man is in the whole ass Navy and I’m tryna contend with him in this battleship game , who do I think I am lol he’s whooping my little ass .
Told them niggas shoot before you stall cause I’m coming through everytime you call
dust urslf off and try again or w/e
Dylan just really irritated my fucking soul
DARK SU PLEEEEASE SHOW MY WHITE DIAMOND WHEN THE H E C K ARE U GONNA
Don’t you stop lovin me, don’t quit lovin me, just start lovin me
Walking by faith though I know God working things out
M - Mended- Matthew West I - If It Isn't You - Cimorelli C- Chain Breaker- Zach Williams H- Hope For It - Cimorelli A- Acid Rain- Cimorelli E- Easy to Froget Me - Cimorelli L- Love Song (Over Me)- Cimorelli
So cold my hair froze during the 15 second walk to my car.
On a 43C day, might I recommend getting in a bus that breaks down after only two stops while wearing sandals that fall apart because the heat melts the glue. What’s working for you today?
GNS/Big Theory has been declared no longer relevant, which makes sense given its limitations and the current explosion of cross-pollination in the tabletop RPG world. I’ve been thinking about how to more effectively communicate the differences between game systems… 1/2
Everyone’s like i spent *insert large dollar amount here* on food. And I’m like “that’s my bar tab, smh that’s my bar tab”
we out here sippin on dr.pepper and fireball, eating ritz crackers, and writing a very late secret santa gift for a belated secret santa
Nka watch nakog The revenger squad so next e watch Siargao & Insidious
I'm just glad we didn't storm the court
idk but i'm just gonna have a bunch of songs that make me think of her and it's going to be really nice. she said that she like goes all out and draws a cover for it and like h e l p tbh
I don't care about the preseeeent
Everybody knows I fall asleep fast and early
"How will you know if you're ready kung hindi mo susubukan?"
Thank God, i feel better now
I know them niggas still don’t like me they prolly wanna kill me cause they ain’t wanna fight me
For The Millionth Time... I FUCKING HATE SLOBBER
11:11 i will love u no matter what
Lmao how you gonna tell me yes I gave some dude my number we talked lmao I swear I want born yesterday
can we go back to sophomore year when my life wasn't falling apart thanku
Might be preaching to the choir here but what about a sponge that lets you identify ?
You dare to mess with a god of war?
Duke can’t play D and play as if they don’t care, something is going on.....
I'ma make sure my baby and her daddy enjoy they birthdays may not be the day of they birthday but I'ma make sure they good!
Just a heads up, Lady Bird is gonna win BIG in the Golden Globes tomorrow.
I take my L as a lesson and keep it moving
Toddler found safe in abandoned stolen car
I genuinely be caring about people no matter who it is....it’s just my nature
Clementine: Wish me a happy Valentine's Day when you call. That'd be... nice!
I miss my baby so much it’s killing me
F.R.I.E.N.D.S DAY TODAY HAHAHA BYE FINACC
My 2 y/o cousin was watching some... inappropriate stuff on her dad's phone.
Niggas know wassup with the runtz !! Rip self & Main G !! Souja rags for some lil soujas
I wanna try this blunt cut bob but I’d be stepping out of my comfort zone
I really love how comfortable I've become wearing little to no makeup
It’s so easy to think you’re in control though. When really you just need to ‘be’ i.e let go
Now playing Straight Outta Scotland by B.A.R.E JokeZ!
i am so thankful for danelle. i don’t think she understands how much of a positive impact she’s made on my life and i love her so much for the beautiful person she is.
I do so much for others and what do I get in return
/ why are all my accounts being fuckinh stalked by porn accounts?? asdjsksjs it’s been like a week and ALL OF THEM ARE H E R E.
How you know us n we don't know yo name
I am d e a d
The Exploring Hero of The Ruling Class
i think my special talent is cumming far and bountifully
u can basically get a 4 hour video game at chuck e cheese
Vincent did not come to screw around. #U S Champs2018
Amplified Bible 2 Chronicles 26:5 He continued to seek God in the days of Zechariah, who had understanding through the vision of God; and as long as he sought (inquired of, longing for) the Lord, God caused him to prosper.
YO HO HO HO HO AND
-So as i sit here conjouring up remedies for the fuck nuggets ima go ahead & make my hashtag #You Gon Learn In2018
11:11 stop chasing people , Start chasing dreams
Also if you have any cute pics of you or us pls send them to me!! I’m redecorating my walls and want to print out cute pics of my friends
Get Duke the fuck outta here
Compliments from guys is cool or whatever but a compliment from a girl that’s tea af is the best tbh
Certain words look dumb asf in all caps
iM SCREAMED WTF LAH TAMPANG E SEHUN
When A.C.E finally has some time off Chan better be able to fly home to see his parents or I’m fighting someone
You have to have E B O L A to kno de wae
;| college brings all the stress together.
I got myself and that’s all I need..
GEORGIA TECH ABOUT TO BE ABOVE DUKE IN THE STANDINGS AGAIN
I AIN'T EVEN GET 2 FLEX YET, NIGGAS BITCHES WANNA LET A NIGGA FUCK, I AIN'T EVEN GET A TEXT YET!
"This is so much fun we have kale in our nose."
And I'm still F.O.M.E don't get it twisted I'm just working on my solo tape.
oomf only posts on snapchat when i post # cute
If you e dismissed yourself from my life don’t come for me when you need something. I will stay unavailable.
Ultimately I’ve proud of who I’ve become and it’s wonderful to have stability. Now it’s time to prosper.
I remember reading this tweet about this dude saying he couldn’t have hoes cause he would catch feelings
Esteemed Voltaic Venturers, Billy has shared a few bits of reading disputing the deviance of modern jazz in brothels. Pray digest at your leisure.
I need to find a better moisturizer for the winter
If we only have to work half a day because Trump coming into town he good for something
I wish I would’ve rested this week. I’m not ready to go back
One of the girlssss dafawwwwk opi to HAHAHAHA
If I don't hear from this man tonight ima be miserable
I miss playing tekken and street fighter. Too bad I can't do that to a Mac
Re-animated the not the looting love pure love#twirobo
2017 gave me so much pain e. Hahaha
"I could listen to this Kaleo guy all day and all night."
I’ve just seen a horrid thing about Venmo: Seems the iOS login screen is a feed of payments with both the sender/receiver’s names displayed, and a precis of the purchase (e.g. yarn/weed/gas money).
The other ones - Spielberg, Schneider Schumacher, Geffen - I've read endlessly about their abuses - but his name had never come up before
Thanks to music and dance, I had expressed every single feeling I've encountered throughout my journey.
so naka cine mig ahat tung wed kay way klase fk
I really don’t know how to differentiate between a good idea and a bad idea
Love is a fucking scam yo.
# p b p live love your show you all wonderful and amazing people
im too scared to vote but what if its v? #B T Soutcast D4
"the end of the f ** king world" on netflix is my new obsession
actually you know what no, i need a monk for party comp, i'll create someone new i think
Lmao Jayra about to be mad at me, and freaking out again
Sunrise in 15min. The weather is Clear and e temp is 18 C.
mix vitamin E & castor oil in a bottle and put it on your lashes and brows every night. you’re welcome.
nuts how you can miss someone you haven’t even met so much you physically feel it in your heart
11:11 performance level for high grades
I want me some nookie tonite
11:11 for y’all to get noticed by Ariana
cmon bruh been streaming for 1 hour... no subs yet.
HUGH GRANT WASNT FUCKING IN BRIDGET JONES’ BABY AND I FEEL B E T R A Y E D
Sometimes I just needs to dance it out to Swish Swish Bish. And by sometimes, I mean every damn day.
Face by Pnb Rock is my shitttt
I’m a take a real hot shower and make some tea praying that makes me feel better
The ones, love us least are the ones we'll die to please, If it's any consolation, I don't begin to understand them.
Along with other MVs and such but it's really evident i guess in the short films...
Purple Rain blaring through the speakers. I’m feeling good as fuck. I just don’t know how to feel.
I believe i should go back to sleep after waking up for an unknown reason but I don't feel like it yet
having my own little mini me is literally the best thing, i can’t even explain it
Spades is serious business. You will get cussed out in my family over a spades game. Especially if everyone is talking shit?? gotta come with it babygirl.
I can’t wait till I get to the age where my belly just hangs out right above my waist, so when I sit in a lazy boy to watch sports my belly becomes a built in table. That’s gonna be awesome.
T: together E: everyone A: achieves M: more
Is Paulus going to be the next Duke coach? # n c a a
Who has food at their crib? Because
# j os h l i a is the only celebrity love team i believe in
It should also be a firable offense, this time for the reporters, to not ask what got Buchnevich demoted tonight.
“And then he got single and I made him make bad life decisions like make out with a fat chick” conversations with my one of my old managers are gr8
I'm so used to driving on E I forgot normal people be filling their tanks way before it gets there lmfaooooooo
Claim the want you but be jocing the next female likeeee
que le pone mg a mi wacho la hdrmp ahre
Just please don’t leave me to get wit no sucka
Amplified Bible Matthew 7:8 For everyone who keeps on asking receives, and he who keeps on seeking finds, and to him who keeps on knocking, it will be opened.
you can throw all the shade ya want boo, it's still sunny in my lane
Me: *downlaods an app for happiness*
Today Was Honestly A Great Day
Just watched kbs gayo performance again, and I think can you see me now is their next comeback concept
Rams Dline penetration is the difference vs Sarkisians college playbook of jet sweeps #A T Lvs L A
hello, I do not be die. I return in the day after now
If a person really wanted to be a part of you it’ll show !!
For some people, we're just a nameless person or an assistant never. But pls remember that, we all are someone's source of pride, someone's treasure and someone's precious son and daughter. Don't be sad, keep cheer up!
It was so cold during the shoot but I survived it !
e/b- t- (s-) e- L/L- e-ye- (a-) t- u- be- ad- 0f- t- (u-) s- (h-) e- L/L- t-he-y0u-t-h-d-
CHANI: Thank you. ME: Chani, happy birthday!! CHANI: ahhh thank you~ MY SON IS SO GWAPO IN PERSON HOY PHOTOS DONT DO JUSTICE
F-E-A-R has two meanings: 1. Forget Everything And Run..! 2. Face Everything And Rise..! The Choice is yours
Marvin Bagley the only reason Duke been winning or close in a lot of games
so many stories about girls making friends in club toilets but if i see more than one person i leave
Wind 3.5 mph (E) gusting to 6.0 mph. Temperature 56.5 F (WindChill 56.5/HeatIndex 56.5). Humidity 084%. Rain Today: 0.00in
bro my cousin fr gets me thinking!
Legit have been living in my uggs for the past 2 weeks
if i tell you i love you , dont play with me
!!! excuse me? you people have too much spoilers – H E A D S H O T :)
PG&E as some guy mansplaining to you
FOOK The r e v i v a l
if you not a game, you can’t be played
“When someone left you, do not cry because that is the message that you’re going to get a better one.”
Moving on is being grateful it happened no matter how it ended.
Viewing three of The Last Jedi. That is a great movie.
If I ask you to come see me, there should be no questions about I­t­. If you not dying or on e & you ain’t doing shit, why question I­t­? BRING YO ASS HERE
theyve Been Letting Shid Like that Go On the Other End All Damn Night.
We could do it on the low too, but if you fuck it up that’s on you
Liverpool FC you will walk alone :D
cause what i feel is real
Life is constantly teaching me to be careful of who I allow in my heart .
Theft Just Occurred Lawrence Ave E & Greenbrae Crct [43 Div.] 01/06 21:59 # S car borough # Toronto
I was looking for some RPGs to play on Steam, wondering what I should buy. It's like I somehow completely forgot I have Nights of Azure, Exist Archive, Fairy Fencer F and Cyber Sleuth on my PS4.
Hopefully I'll be back on track soon I'm tired of being behind!
My momma is good, my mans is good, work is good, life is good
Gotta keep this positivity going no matter what i know ima get down again but i just gotta get right back up
I am here for Vincent to be on the Olympic team.
All my homies be safe tonight at the rave
if you think cod or battlefield is better than rainbow six siege... you dumb as shit
STOP SUPPORTING EVIL If you are made aware of the deep flaws in a celebrity you like; and you continue to support them.. you are apart of the problem, even people you stay around. Stop enabling.. just stop. Society is our responsibility
sleep is for the weak sleepin' for a week, I swear
I always feel like Carrie Bradshaw when talking to my friends about boys I’m talking to bc I always refer to them by weird nicknames only we understand
When you walked out the door and leave me so you teach me to live without it B O R E D I'M SO BORED
Lettin mahrez go Liverpool is a big mistake man
Never thought I’d be at a bonfire in Miami, but here I am.
Esse "the end of the f ** king world" é bom demais kkk
Start now and wait to see the progress tomorrow
don’t got time for that arguing shit, hit yo ass with an okay and thats it.
This past episode of Dragon Ball Super was too much for me to handle all together!!! IT JUST KEEPS GETTING BETTER!! #Dragon Ball Super122
Is it socially acceptable to wear sweatpants and a hoodie to the bar on Saturday night?
Amplified Bible Psalm 37:4 Delight yourself in the Lord, And He will give you the desires and petitions of your heart.
Oh this is so accurate it's scary. I will not play a racing game where I spin out on every turn.
This weather can leave now, my client got sick & now I’m suffering
The Boss Baby taught me how to love
The 2 year break I took was well worth it. I was able to get some work experience under my belt and mature mentally. Finally, I have a clear head to know where I wanna go and do.
logan paul looks like a tree trunk
Get you a good man they said.... until you wash all 50 pairs of underwear he has every two days and his work pants in three different loads bc he has so many... and his dirty gym clothes.
NC State getting blown out by Notre Dame the other day was horrible for Duke tonight..
Another thing with this team. They show up vs high end competition. The toilet teams have been more of a struggle than they should have. It should be blow out the bums and play hard every night. They don't
Am I sick or is the drinking and smoking make me sick? If I didn't sleep 12 hours a day I might be able to figure it out.
I've never heard a peep about him being a predator on any forum. He must've paid out millions
Been up all night staring at you,Wondering what’s on your mind.
What happened to having triples in your program. Vincent has raised the bar.
Why do niggas be zipping up their leather jackets ? I haaaateee that shit
Smartness means originality and normality of personality.
I love being brown I really really do
cause they have y’all out here looking like hoes
tonight's the last night of freedom & no one wants to do anything :/
Liverpool is interested in Lemar but if Monaco is not ready to sell him they'll move to Southampton Super Star Nathan Redmond for £130M #LFC
The Christmas Tree might be up and away now, but there will forever be glitter all over my living room floor. # sneezing glitter
Mannnn that Aint No GodDamn Foul.
Ignore my ass but i just remembered that dawon has the same pullover colour as mine today i didnt even thought of him when i bought it let me just sob happily in a corner
God this weather sucks. Had to grab something out of my car and feel like I've got hypothermia.
Ok I’m gonna need their players to stop fouling out
God wants to do new things in you life.
i want to be friends with these people but they're r e l e v a n t and im intimidated and irrelevant ugh
If anyone knows anywhere that’s willing to hire an 18 yr old with severe anxiety and inable to lift more than 20 lbs without dislocating a shoulder or throwing out her back HMU
What type of games are being played how’s it going down?
"Plan B? We need a plan C, D, E. We need more alphabets!" FAST & FURIOUS 6 #Tzu Chi Bijak
City still need fifty rings when
I really wanna cry right now.
excuse u i don’t have 30 gigs of music just disappear
Pain is real but so is Hope.
(Wave) SWELL: 6.2 ft at 7.7 s E / WIND WAVE: 3.9 ft at 5.9 s E / WVHT: 7.6 ft / APD: 6.5 s / MWD: 89° / 5:00p HST
(Wave) SWELL: 5.6 ft at 9.1 s E / WIND WAVE: 7.2 ft at 7.7 s ENE / WVHT: 9.2 ft / APD: 6.4 s / MWD: 83° / 4:40p HST
And now everybody gotta go hungry, and everybody cover up their mouths
Cover up my face like a ninja in this Alexander Wang scarf
i suppose if nothing pans out immediately i can always fall back on sales
(Wave) SWELL: 4.9 ft at 13.8 s NNW / WIND WAVE: 3.3 ft at 5.6 s E / WVHT: 5.9 ft / APD: 5.9 s / MWD: 341° / 10:40p AST
I just want PUBG to be on ps4 man... is that too hard to ask?! I don’t understand why it’s not released for it...
(Wave) SWELL: 0.0 ft at / WIND WAVE: 6.2 ft at 7.1 s E / WVHT: 6.2 ft / APD: 5.1 s / MWD: 79° / 8:40p CST
These elves are killing the hell out of everything!!!! # bright
(Wave) SWELL: 1.0 ft at 11.8 s E / WIND WAVE: 2.3 ft at 9.9 s ENE / WVHT: 2.3 ft / APD: 4.3 s / MWD: 84° / 9:53p EST
(Wave) SWELL: 1.3 ft at 9.1 s E / WIND WAVE: 3.3 ft at 6.2 s NE / WVHT: 3.3 ft / APD: 4.3 s / MWD: 50° / 9:40p EST
(Wave) SWELL: 6.9 ft at 9.1 s E / WIND WAVE: 7.6 ft at 6.7 s E / WVHT: 10.2 ft / APD: 6.7 s / MWD: 100° / 10:40p AST
Man, I didn't tweet much on vacation bc it was so nice to get away. Now that my life is boring again, it's back to your regularly scheduled tweeting.
(Wave) SWELL: 8.5 ft at 10.0 s E / WIND WAVE: 7.6 ft at 7.7 s ENE / WVHT: 11.5 ft / APD: 7.1 s / MWD: 82° / 11:40p WGT
Don't know where to start HAHA.
we may be ignorant in some things but one thing for sure there's a #Reasons Why Things Happen
Come on Julia! U can do it! #A S B Classic
Bitches come and go Money come and go Love come and go
#Alpha Vs Omega truly lived up to the hype. Great match by 2 great athletes.
When you wash your makeup brushes and pray to god no one tries to make plans tomorrow because you know they won’t be dry yet
Schofield slams! TBA is as loud as it’s been all game.
i’m backing up my desktop and it’s IMPOSSIBLE to find my music????
assistam the end of the fucking world, é mto bom!!!!
If Gal Gadot can eat ice cream than so can I
me: *keeps retweeting bcs i have no brain* #B T Soutcast D4
Tonight will be relaxation mode! Wooooosssaaaa
Changing the world, one juul at a time
I took you from somebody else so i knew you’d find somebody else
New game! Guess the word. It's a 9-letter Verb. Hint: d ● ● e ● ● ● ● e Related words are: conclude, seal, resolve, will.
I’m bout to learn the choreo from the Lemon music video
I promise you that ima leave how I came
What about Namjoon? He wasn't named by the creator, and my sister just pointed out that in the Wings short films, Taehyung and Namjoon's were intertwined...we're probably just over thinking now... #B T Soutcast D4
ON MY FUCKING LIFE AND MY Y E E EZY IF I PAY FOR THIS PIZZA AND MY SHITS DELIVERED BONE-IN ITS A WRAP FOR YALL
I can’t complain , The First 6 days of 2018 has been great so far ..
Seeing Chan cry made my heart break into a million pieces. My eyes are tearing up. I really hope that he had a good birthday.
Enero you are being so good to me. Gracias
Hard to be mad at the #Braxton Beverly Game plus I told folks at work today that Duke would lose tonight.
Just because I don’t contact you doesn’t mean that I don’t think about you. Things are better this way. # me first # dancing on my own
Just two years in the industry and yet you have been blessed considering na wala ka namang kakilala o alam masyado sa mundong ginagalawan mo..and for this year, we will give you our continued support and pray for more blessings to come #M I H Oin2018
I wanna see the side you don't show most people.
There are four (4) dogs around me rn and I am s a t i s f i e d
Now I have to use three deep conditioner packets. I need to find a new deep conditioner because this is getting costly lmao
╳ ∙ Lewd post coming up. I should not have to warn you about that, this account is 98% nsfw.--
AND good sleep JAKE'S PICTURE YOUR SENSE OF HUMOUR WHICH IS YOUR
Everybody think I’m playin. I’m just fat. All this bullshit I eat caught up to me. Wait till y’all see my new pics smfh
Who is going to cancan Mexico tomorrow
I’m glad you ain’t leave when you first felt that pressure
I bought the cajeta filled rosca SMFH
Tom’s channeling his inner Chandler Bing # G u t f e l d
Okay, now that I unlocked Kakumei e no Prelude I should probably go back to I*Chu and finish the guerrilla lives >>;;
Time doesn’t happen to you, it happens for you. -E
rl too many funnys i cant fade
I don't know how to promote my art account *facepalm
It should be a firable offense that in a game with no Kreider and no Zucc that Buch is 4th lined. I don't care if he scored 3 own goals, let alone whatever minutia got him relegated tonight.
promote what you love instead of what you hate P E R S P E C T I V E
i’m so self conscious i just never say what i’m self conscious about
That’s the end of pre season for our Winter sports teams! WVL play begins Wednesday! Good luck to everyone! #ELCOPRIDE #Road2 The Ship Begins
If you think Beal is better than Oladipo. I got nothing for ya man
The end of the f***ing World e muito doido
What I would give to be at PNC arena rn...I might cry if I think about it too much
I just got one of those apps where you can plan your outfits with pictures of stuff in your closet and it’s i n t e n s e
Be truly, soulfully, idealistically, intrinsically, happy with me ♡♡♡
2017 was literally the best year of my life so far
"How can I, ever change things that I feel?"
Duval is more of a problem for this Duke team than a solution.
I want some hot ass lingerie.
PRAYER POINT FOR THE DAY: Father help me to work the work of Him who have called me while it is Day in Jesus name.
"Honey, Ser Jorah and Jon Snow peed where Khaleesi had been sitting earlier. Tyrion wasn't involved. This time." #nota Go Tspoiler
My goal in life rn is to go to the jersey shore.
The chucky movies get shittier with each new one
Chucky got 100 million for 10yrs that’s a lick!!! Suckas!!!
Coach K got the ugliest face
when you turn a nigga down that’s so used to fucking any & every bitch he be so pressed
My worst fear is losing my mom. I think I would go crazy if I lost her.
I just been so tired lately after work I been SLUMPED
Isaiah benissimo anche oggi; prime pick&roll actions con Tristan Thompson, più ritmo e aggressività! And he brought us that offensive unpredictability: jumpshots, drives to the basket, and can finesse the defender stopping and then...
Ive gotten used to wearing bathrobes after a bath... Im very uncomfy when wearing only a towel after a bath noww e.e
I been watching The Flash on Netflix and I got to the point where he actually does go back in time and save his mom after his dad dies and he like fucked everything! Like knowing Joe and living with them was soooooo much fucking better!
I’m motivated by the NEED to be extraordinary
hi everyone, i deleted all the sad tweets & i’m sorry
I'm so eager to leave but don't like to be alone
A number I don't have saved texted me on New Years saying happy new year cuz! And I still don't know if it was my cousin or crip homie!
It’s too cold to be going back outside
Update: Just did the champagne half time toast . I took two sips and poured the rest in my dad cup he ain’t having it lol
Romans 12:12 “Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, and faithful in prayer.” // just out here trying to live out what God has told me to do, that’s all.
I’m like, yeah, boo. I can’t see me without you.
The Daughter of The Doctor é a fanfic q eu sempre quis and I think that's beautiful
I wouldn't be surprised if justin had a tattoo on his dick
Come gimme all that You the only girl I'll call back I tell these other women fall back They be hating on the preview They think that it's only for the entertainment Like E News I can see the sequel Let's do more I do's and less redos
BRUH my grandma is shaming women who have big arms (because of exercise) and she’s saying “those aren’t a woman’s arms, those are M E N arms” get me outta here.
I wanna hug him so bad I'm :(((
Some people have the worst judgment ever
never let da money change you ..
for your fucking information, amy winehouse and michael jackson are my only inspirations. geT ouT
H.E.R. Never fails to chill me out
ASAP Rocky really got a perfect face
Hope DQ is giving my squad that speech for a lifetime
I’m crazy for wanting something different
got Botw for my wii u today, definitely my favorite game besides smash since i’m a slave to smash lol
2+0+1+7 = 10 = the year, is 7 a day normal?
Well I’ve been eating, not moving and neglecting this account. Starting back at the gym in the morning after not going in MONTHS. •e #willimakethecoldanexcuse
That pop gon now I’m mad and thirsty
I work Monday-thursday glad they Gave me Friday and Saturday off and we closed on Sundays
Doesn’t take much to make me happy
fuck in ... who was my d&d druid that i played for like two sessions. aylín!
gosh i always promise myself imma be running everytime but nothing happens
If I'm ever being a cringe wrestling fan please let me know about it instead of allowing me to make a fool out of myself
comecei a ver the end of the fucking world e to gostando demais
He gets an old rag and he shines his shoes And patches the holes in his favorite suit
YOU LO E ME SO GOOD
she got me going crazy woo
Ate a pizza today, crust side first. # new year new me
Y’all ever pay attention on the Bronx tale sunny back up the whole ride
Now that I actually have a plan I feel more secure about how things are gonna go for me within the next few months. Goal setting is key.
Okay im creeped out af its enough for me today i will stay away from this hashtag and everything else related to this. SEE YA TMRW I CAN ALREADY SEE ARMYS HAVING THE CONCLUSION WHEN IM BACK #B T Soutcast D4
Missed getting on twitter and checking my feed! :)
I Really Can’t Believe This Bra
walking to my car after getting off work was just like that one episode off of spongebob where he's delivering that damn pizza!!!! It's bricks out here b
didn't know tupac and E-40 had a song together
at this point i’m pretty much a failure
Netflix’s TEOTFW is cute as fuck
My mom is such a savage
Now playing column yom e aazadi.mp3 by !
me and my brother was playing egyptian war and it took 20 mins. for someone to lose
Siracha is the best lip plumper
I'm no longer allowing past hurt/experiences to interfere with my happiness. I'm F R E E!!!
I wanted to be someone's first text in morning​ and last call in night ... # s an am
Planning something special for E's God mommy
Since I can’t punch this weather in the face I will happily punch anyone who is enjoying this heat rn.
J umping Trains - JoJo E levate - Big Time Rush S oldier - Destiny's Child S tained - Tori Kelly I Don't Give A Damn - Avril Lavigne E xceptional - JoJo
y’all need to stop letting these niggas put dirt on ya name ..
I’m irritated, let me go get drunk
My neck, my back I want my father’s love back
Wishing I would’ve went to the store instead of McDonald’s for a pop
It’s crazy cause mfs know your number , name on every social network , where you live & still decide to sub you . that’s why I pay no mind to it you can flex & do the most for social media .. cause it’s not fazing me pussy
"Ser Jorah! Stop trying to sniff Khaleesi's butt so much!" #nota Go Tspoiler
y do i look like a potato
I’m gonna cry, I truthfully miss E & Gray so much??? They literally just left NJ???
Dont Talk About It Be About It
Villanova & Marquette can fuck off. The last minute of this game is taking 15 minutes and jacking up my race! Stop fucking fouling and finish your fucking game!
“It’s cause that damn phone” -Black Mirror (2017)
Tryna limit and juice and sugar intake
Why the fuck does twitter put GIFS in our fucking media tab. They need to put It somewhere else. That shit mad annoying
I really love Guwop and Keyshia tho
So many E-A-G-L-E-S chants at the bar so naturally I respond with Who Dey
imma eat that pwussy good, then you ain’t gone hear from a nigga.
How have we not achieved world peace over delicious and culturally-diverse food?? I love Thai food, Japanese food, Filipino cuisine (when I tolerate it), Mexican food, American food, and I am willing to try more.
i wish i knew the answer
I just called cassy to tell her I was picking her up and she just asked if I like Klondike bars and after I said yeah she just hung up. ok
Every time Meeka and her man get into it he wanna come text me OMFG
"Jen...Jennifer?" Sokka asked, ignoring the vomit as he noticed me squinting up at him.
649/7 declared with a lead of 303, it is clear that Australia have put England to the sword # ashes
#Grimsby Weather 03:08 AM Dry Temp 3.6 Humidity 78 pct Pressure 1024.7 Wind 1.4 E Rain Today 0.0
Throwing this life away and waking up to a new one tomorrow... goodnight .
I guess you ain’t pop’n if they ain’t still talkin lbs
When you peep some shit that you weren’t even looking for
Who wrote the book on goodbye? There's never been a way to make this easy When there's nothing quite wrong but it don't feel right Either your head or your heart, you set the other on fire The other – Lauv
a.c.e aka kings of using vixx as bgm
I forgot about my love for Raven Reyes this show put her through WAY TOO MUCH.
The comedy two girls idk the name is good but they didn’t do it right yet
The way mfs treat you is how they feel about you , p e r i o d !
We’re in alignment with the same vision but not with each other
We are coming back!!! #N F L Playoffs #L A Rams #L A Rvs A T L
still can’t believe my car gone ... hopefully i can just get a new one
terminei The end of the fucking world e to demasiadamente puta c a vida
It's easy for you though, isn't it?
little town, it's a quite village...
i never knew i could have so much hate & so much love for a person all at the same time...
I feel like what happen tonight was a MAJOR sign
is drowned with the amount of mentions and dms i have to attend to
Drunk unowithmy family is funny asf
My sister is ordering me some Pizza Oven, she's the best ..
MAGNUM 20% off your purchase today! Celebrate Big Deals everyday. Use – magnum20 –
Damn this cold ... my voice is so trashed I could record a Tom Waits cover album and make a mint ....
My New Years resolution was to do everything possible to get back on track to finish my degree. I’m happy, mentally healthy again, and can finally afford it.
If only I had someone in my life to cuddle with. Can we add this day right there along with Valentine’s Day? #Cuddle Up Day
This guy is fishy, and rude. #Live P D
Had a healthy breakfast . Now I'm on my twilight
Do you ever just keep watching a terrible show on Netflix because you don’t want it on your continue watching list FOREVER????
update her fam is planning another one winning
"What lies behind us and what lies ahead of us are tiny matters to what lies within us"
Turns out it was a spam message BUT STILL THE TIMING IS EERIE
If your child’s elementary or middle school doesn’t have lacrosse in their P.E. Classes, let us know. We can get free lacrosse equipment sent to the school along with a training manual. Let’s do it before spring!
Have a blessed Sunday to everyone!
“Go downstairs and say Girl I’m Sorry” -also GH giving me friendship advice
Ice skating promo during halftime of the # F al cons - #L A Rams game. What are there...two, three people interested in both football and skating? lol
His mother is looking for me. Wait tita huhu busy pa akooo
Everytime i hear Kiss Me I want to watch She's All That
Knock all 32 of his teeth’s down his throat keep fucking playing with me
Shoutout to all the genuine people out there that only want the best for you
Used to have a killer crossover, now a nigga done crossover.
Beat:E1, LIQUOR VIOLATION - INTOXICATED PERSON at BROADWAY E / E OLIVE WY reported on 1/6/2018 6:42 PM, Call# 18000007221
Hey, if someome could treat me right that'd be great
im in a good mood though
I just find it funny how...
If you're gonna be two-faced at least make one of them pretty
OKay so the game apparently messes with people's memories...so what if Jin is the creator but his memories were altered so he thinks he's Taehyung???? IDK anymore #B T Soutcast D4 # b t sou t cast
Hope a Haslam buys the Raiders.
I realize I’m being too depressing, but I’d rather be real than fake, I don’t wanna sike someone like I was
Yug Brent rest rest of early sorry yes e order yet ugh it's see right in West it r isn't it
Only God know the pain that I feel right now
I like me better when im with you
Y'all so interested in my nonexistent sex life.
F u could read my mind, u'd be in tears
Comecei a assistir The end of the fucking world, estou apaixonadaaaaaaaaaaa
Got damn...what a time, what a year.
I’m bout to fcuk the town up next weekend & Im not talkin bout Newburgh
wow got your back by T.I and Keri hilson got me in my feelings now
It’s all about that Pre-Poo for my hair tonight. This cold weather has it acting all kinds of wrong lately
baekhyun em my answer e my turn to cry........
We will be changing to another track. If you are standing, please hold on to the hand strap or rail. #series E331
The end of the fucking world é muito boa
There is a blind item that says Francis Ford Coppola raped a series of teen boys on "The Outsiders" - but paid a large amount for everyone to keep silent about it.
I am almost down to the season one finale of the last ship
I love 3rd weeling all of my friends
hm rezeki sia now time to hunt fr batteries damnit was planning to buy myself a new phone but all money ended up fr wannaone sia gg
roll it on home // john mayer
Crowley teve um flashback dele e do Dean #Supernatural No S B T
SM WHY ARE U DOING THIS TO US!!!!!
the greatest showman was even better the 2nd time watching it
BRUH IF ION GET OUT THIS HOUSE IM DEADASS GUNNA SHOOT MYSELF
it’s really tende like The Tende like T E N D E
Started watching Mindhunter because serial killers are my jam, but this first episode is a little ... slow and silly?
Steven Haney starts it off with a 3 pointer for LMU. #C S Overload #L M U Hoops
I love myself more than anyone could ever It is okay to be selfish.
I made bad decisions wit some good intentions
Change your cleats in the 2nd half
i still ask my self...... What did I do wrong ?
fell behind on my doctors appointments and oh mannnnnnn
E-Eva-sama! You shouldn't show that attire to anyone but me!
Mama E’s tried to pour salt on Cheddars lol
I only develop friendships with positive, uplifting people.
We have some big news coming your way!
That person who snaps “ praying for the sins of others “ ANNOYING! Go church pray for your own sins you moekolo #Pulls Out Receipts To Show Your Wife
Guess ima have to go buy some food
I FUCKING C A L L E D I T
That dudes voice cracked so much lmfaooooooooooo
ive watched the loft like a million times
we're stars and we're beautiful <3
This is the greatest show... It’s everything you ever want, It’s everything you ever need
Your last name? M.. O.. U.. S.. E #Live P D Nation
Sticky shoes, sticky shoes... Next time i’ll, avoid the, PIIIIIIIIIILEEEE
PRESENTS THEY GAVE ME PRESENTS IM EMO THEY THOUGHT OF ME AND IM CRYING I WONT FORGET THIS
Cam covered his car patent and we all know it's CAMCAMM
Other episodes of detective conan plith
Girls Swimming/Diving...Kearney Invite Results 200 Free - 1st O Theil, 5th M Heasty, 7th C Dolan 200 IM - 1st C Theil, 2nd C Welsh 50 Free - 1st K Stonehocker, 3rd A Becker, 6th P Martin, 7th E Schmit Diving - 1st K Burmeister
The game could have gone better but Texas, you did not disappoint. What a place.
i wanna visit Romania SO BAD
idk i think i want a druid and asher's more of a ranger
my cousin has been in the shower for about half an hour and i want to barge in screaming to get out
with your hands in my soooooooooooooul
The FTSE 100 hawthorn suffer reached an each-date high rise this currency converter definition gathering, on the contrary thither are allay partner which include underperformed. E.g., Raincoat (LON:BRBY) and Whitbread (LON:WTB) change declined close to 7% and 10%...
why is twitter unfollowing people for me? it’s my account bitch. some of them are my close mutuals too.
ISS over IOW in 10 mins :) #Isle Of Wight 2018-01-07 03:16:40,GMT,SW,E,-2.5,37,350
|| So, I share a song via Youtube and Twitter restricts my account and gets me to confirm I'm not a robot. Cool.
So my dad and uncle have 14 acres and there’s this extra acre I’m gonna Buy right beside it and they’re gonna build my apartment on it and we’re all gonna run this ranch. # goals
maybe asher, just round out a Wood Elf Trio with branwen and aloth >__>
*shitposts the groupchat every 45 min
*DISABLED VEHICLE* - RALEIGH POLICE - E TRYON RD & GARNER RD
me: *plays hayaan mo sila* him: that sounds good me: u don’t even understand the lyrics love him: but i like it sapakin kita dyan e HAHA
Being at Chuck E. Cheese’s reminded me , why I don’t pro-create.
Ima try to workout for my ass. If It don’t come within 1 week I’m gon go buy it
IM GOING TO SLEEP I BETTER WAKE UP AND FIND OUT WHO THE ANON ON CC IS OR IM GONNA GET REAL SAD
If I said I don’t feel like talking don’t keep pressing the issue with me or asking what’s wrong . I’ll talk and tell you what’s wrong when I feel like it. .
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. Albert Einstein
I be hiding from E when i eat she baby D i don’t get to eat nothing if she spot me she debo all that
3:33 e Penalty de Boeser por slashing....
200 likes and I’ll recruit one person tonight
send a lokation we takin you down
My stomach hurts I’m super tired I’m hot and my whole body hurts
Four policemen are laid out by a Jaish-e-Mohammed bomb blast along a city street. At least 4 killed, 2 injured in Sopore, # India
I have found a television station with both the old Wonder Woman and # B at man tv shows.
Men still have iPhone in 2018 LMAO
should prolly be fixing my body clock now........ not
Lord please teach me how to worship in the Spirit and not in the flesh...filled with emotions .... tears don’t always mean a true connection ... Lord help me WORSHIP YOU IN SPIRIT
the smile on abbeys face when i gave her the gifts just made my life tbh
Ryan Murphy & Brad Falchuk get it (again). Angela Bassett, Connie Britton, Kenneth Choi, and Rockmond Dunbar, oh my #911on F O X
RT lenilenita: [H E L P RT] Ｍｅｌｌｉｆｌｕｏｕｓ --- Ong Seongwoo & Lai Guanlin Fansupport --- Freebies for #Wanna Onein K L By : 『 lenilenit…
first sunday mass of the year
Sad that #Bomb Cyclone kept me from #MLA18 [SO much FOMO!] ...but it's been a great day planning my Spring Amer Lit Survey II, so there's that.... # Teaching
i have to hack my life
lol at “it’s too cold to shoot” type of photographers whose only solution is shooting in bathtubs stay hibernating, kids coz so is your work
Incident Alert: Gainesville Fire Rescue Engine 3 is on scene of a vehicle crash at 3000 E University Ave. Reports say that the car flipped
anx·i·e·ty aNGˈzīədē/Submit noun a feeling of worry, nervousness, or unease, typically about an imminent event or something with an uncertain outcome.
if u ever made a move or went on a mission in my jeep w me pour one out
Let me just save your time and mine by saying DONT WASTE MY TIME!!!
What more do you want me to do
ello, i go fuh bathe and e light blow
1st Sunday of 2018= B L E S S E D
Me: "I only have $0.69, you know what that means?" Amanda: "you're a bad stripper?"
Why carry $800k cash in a gym bag anywhere unless you’re up to no good. #48 hours
I've reached level 32. You can pick me up now.
Could go out tonight but home & pajamas sound so much better
Whatever you do, don’t give the Rams momentum
três coisas me deixam animada: atualização de i hate you, cheese in the trap, sirens lament, long exposure, the one who love you from behind, a matter of life and death e heartstopper fim
Miya : he’s isn’t consistent. Me : He not even that cute to be acting like that !
People: Jax and Tara are otp Me: OK BUT REMEMBER THAT TIME JAX AND TARA GET IT ON AFTER JX KILLS COHN FOR TRUING TO R**E TARA AND THEY LISTEN TO THE R**E PLAYLIST? OK DO YOU REMEMEBR? Ok that shit IS FUCKING SICK
Adam's costume is brighter than my future
im gonna say it!!! if ur fic has fuckin label it e not m
S.H.I.E.L.D installed security cameras in every room of my mansion. I am no longer comfortable in my own home.
Im getting a back massage rn from tres back seat
Tsunageru (fureezu kara fureezu e) It connects us (from a phrase to a phrase)
hmmmm i have aloth and eder and i'm tempted ..... to make an oc fourt party member so i dont have to feel bad about not incorporating durance or kana
hangover is r e a l
Just saw the end of Sopranos. Journey is changed for me forever. WHAT HAPPENED. Theories welcome.
I'm just reading and reading and reading tweets but I don't understand a single thing ;-; I N E E D H E L P #B T Soutcast D4
and that's when I run all of these thousand miles to get you back
One night a week I wanna try international dishes
-d- ew/e- (d-s- and-0f- ill- d- (h-) in- (e-)d- e/b- t- he- ad- 0-) b- (L-) an- k- t- 0/0-t-h-d-
Stay your ass on that ship.
MTVLV shows these old UK festivals like every weekend but I don't think I've ever paid attn to the Big Weekend 2016 one...
Having someone to talk to would be nice, but I’m too boring, too sad, too awkward
ok so work was actual hell tonight i wanted to actually d i e
E gbe shayo wole we want to party now
21h Lakeside Estates: Temp. 56.7 °F, Hum. 58 %, Bar. 30.18 inHg, Rain 0 in, Wind 0 mph E # Weather cloud
my hair looks white af in those i love filters
Size is everything + this week's daily tips + keep your food out of the homies getting swashbuckled tonight.
B doesn’t condone the bullshit , imma just laugh .. and i mean piss tf up laugh
I just need a drink or two
Another 100 people saved tonight! Total of 230 people! Oh Amazing Grace!! Thank you for praying!!
Oh boy do you believe this situation you Better keep this a secret !
school is in two days and let me tell you i hope like the aliens finally come. I need to be saved
thisgirlstace: RT TwinSurvivalist: [Travel agency] Eddie Money: We'll take two tickets to... Axl Rose: NOVEMBER RAIN! E: A: E: A: E: We rehearsed this 3…
Going back to h....e....l.....l......it’s ok 5 months max
FUck you guys! Sensei is H-O-T and I Bet thath e wouldn't kink shame me!
if tastes good feels good must be m i n e
National media refuses to mention how 3/4th of all NFL teams playing today are in the SEC footprint.
Leos are extremely affectionate. Not even in a sexual sense .. but i also hate people touching me
Guys, save me from this awful R.E.M. tribute band
wow Call the Midwife is such a gem
Devil never gives up! Good trait!! But your fight is a misunderstanding, so it's proven there's flaw in your ways.. Help is on the way!
ASIASAT-7/105.5'E $ SONY NETWORK $ TEN SPORTS-(PAK) FREQ:4180 V 30000 PowerVu_Key: ECMKey=00: 113754C6C0CEE100 ECMKey=01: 0910927BE3F5CF00
I miss hood niggas but imma stay strong
lol why they still shooting fireworkds
h e ck I forgot to finish somethinG
Happy Birthday to meee #I Love Myself #01-07-18
The Bruins are no joke this year
ok I found the BEST items thrifting today I am so happy
as if i know you got dinner WTF
4 words D. E. A. D.
I will be at Black Beach this year
I only hope that we don't lose sight of one thing - that it was all started by a mouse
Im happy of where I am, so peaceful.
If I don't answer the first message its obvious I'm not answering the next 5 you send
Where is that "e" key again? LOL
I am used to getting pushed away.
All joe do is feed me
Ouch the boss just drops a to-do bomb then hangs up. Boo. #Love On The Slopes
You know the feeling of wanting someone to fuck with you, but not just anybody? Mood
I took the most selfies today but they’re probably never gonna get posted lmaoooo
Arod and jlo the american dream
The record stops. She restarts it. "Loving you isn't the right thing to do..."
Lama? I am delighted to both accept and ignore this blame.
That dream ruined my entire day
I had such a nice time hanging out with Diem, Lulu and Yew I'm emo i hope we get to hang out again soon
Satoshi was from wall street because his modeling for the algorithm from a trading side was perfect. Growth through supply side mgmt like a P/E ratio was in play and it was a small cap stock.
Every other Saturday at 9 is now taken up with the Liga
I've e watched tropic thunder dozens of times and it's still a good ass movie
# Now playing 5150 - THE ORAL CIGARETTES (UNOFFICIAL)
Phil Collins definitely made In The Air Tonight for people to do coke off the back of toilets to
“A weekend !? You can’t go to Paris for a weekend. You have to go for at least a week!” -Gladys seasoned traveler
How could anyone think Bella Thorne is sober .
Sex after a fight is a pleasure
baby brother: your sim looks weird me: good thing it's not your sim then bb: I still don't like it me: t h e n p e r i s h
D-7 First sunday of the year
No worries ESPNU, I didn’t feel like seeing the end of the Bonnies game... said no Bonnie ever
We have the shooting to be able to beat any team in the country on any given night.
Can't wait for a Nando's tomorrow
Since it’s 2018 and everything can we just make mascara debris on the face a look?
Director had no business having open bar
This Episode of THE DYSFUNCTIONALS "Mom i Love you!" "Well i dont live you" "L I V E" "L I- FAHKING - V E"
Mariah in Luke Cage is crazy lol
I've never seen it before. Er, at least I don't think so...
i’m so tempted to change my layout to park jihoon but i feel like i do i’ll be attacked e v e r y t i m e
/ KARACHI" / 7 Jan 2018 Sindh Balochistan Poultry Farms Supply Rate Rs,186 + Paposh Nagar Se 3 Street Crimnals Griftar Police Rpt-Abid Khoso
#Feliz Dia De Reyes On January 6th most of the Hispanic world and culture celebrates El Dia De Los Reyes Magos- honoring the Three Wise Men
I got my nails done and Charlie keeps biting them thinking they’re food.
I'm locked up and fulfilling my #9 P M Routine in Derry, NH!! #Live P D
I would just like to get messed up and dance with my friends is that too much to ask for
Who volunteers to work on a Saturday night?
I never realized quite how much I swear until I played foosball against two kids.
T-I-R-E-D that’s me. Blanket and couch potato Saturday
Our backfield will show up, our receivers need to show up. UGA 27-20 over Bama for the ship.
NO LOONA TV NO NEW LOONA GIRL I HAVE BEEN WELL AND TRULY SCAMMED TODAY
I swear I peak on a night out when I get home and I'm surrounded by delicious food, actually have the best time.
#Now Playing This Train (LP Version) - Randy Travis on # e g i m radio
How do some people who have no jobs, like, always have money?
the end of the fucking world é muito legal, assistam
Hey Marquette and Villanova can we wrap up this game so I can see some Supercross? Thanks
I've had like 3 whiskey sours who else is ready to feel E M OT I O N S ?¿?¿?¿
i appreciate how much jennifer's body love im seeing on my tl recently. i watched that years ago and it's stuck in my head as a great film for ages
He's taken E. laying on the ground watching shapes.
Beach date with bae tomorrow! Beyond excited to spend time with him.
Now all the whores are dollsman dat explain why ya fake as shit
This 3rd trimester will be the death of me lol. Called myself going on my first walk since a couple of weeks.. Now all i feel is pressure to the max lol come on son.. You can come now. Ill be 38 weeks on monday.
Is it sad that part of me was still holding out for Gruden to coach the hogs?
someone bring me wine, but drop it off and then leave
Send me dead flowers to my wedding. And I won’t forget to put roses on your grave.
CANT NOOOOO BITCH KNOCK MY CROWN OFF AND THATS ON ME
We're a small cat off of my biggest musical influences starting out
Good night, Julz! ~ M.E. ♡
turn the music up now now now now
I never would've guessed that at 27 years old I would love staying in on the weekends and sleepinnnnnng
tumblr: YOU NEED TO BE ANGRY me: about what? tumblr: E V E R Y T H I N G me: no thanks. bye.
Dam Mathews on the bench again to start OT, what's up with that? Dumbfounded.
Depression. Its not happen in just a day.
bullet journals are so cute omg
Teen Ep and Cosette 10/10 would bang.
And maybe I miss so fucking much and maybe I just didn't say because of my pride or something bigger Like You hurt me
Can city stop being linked with average CB and get a good one
I seen your movies dialogues except nothing xerox copy of Holley wood movies
… it is at 9am… i lost sleep… for nothing
This second half is going to be a rough one!
i miss ball canteen n e&k second floor
not letting g's us t (h) e ad (s) k r e w/e i.d. // is your only r-eeL- e- value-w/e- (e-) d-
It’s 9 degrees and I just saw this girl with flip flops!!!
i wish my icenetwork wouldn't glitch because nbc is slightly behind but w/e i'm too drunk to really care
Wind 1.0 m/s E. Barometer 1021.9 hPa, Falling slowly. Temperature 10.9 �82�70C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 42%
E. Holly and N. Forest AID RESPONSE Sick person.
Kamon m.u do something wt your team lahnet.
i'll taste the devil's tears drink from his soul, but i'll never give up you
I think my sister will tell the story about when we went to Applebee’s and had the worst waitress ever
When your at home and you keep eating damn.. I NEED A GYM MEMBERSHIP!
And so this is how this goes. Painfully, quietly, wishing that the world had turned out differently. Delaying the inevitable does not a solution make #Sad Saturday
all of bts is so loud and fine i wish they'd let me breathe sometimes i mean shit.
It was Gomez and this lady cop!!! Smh Figure it out Jane!!!!! #Ten Days In The Valley
Chris D’elia’s laugh is the best and I rewatch his comedy all the time to hear it bc that shit is cute
Dykes be having the knockers lmfao
really wish I could be heartless
I’m so ready for next month, a lot shit happenin
In the dream that must end, bloom the words "Goodbye"... 【DISTRESS AND COMA】
Wind 0,4 km/h E. Barometer 1006,0 mb, Bajndo lento. Temperature 4,2 °C. Rain today 8,4 mm. Humidity 88%
I’m Going Burgundy Or Light Maroon For The Summer Bihhh & My Whip Fly Ass Hell Oh Yuhhhh
I don’t even wanna eat anymore.
What would JFK thought of #Iran Deal showering terrorist mullahs with unmarked cash and gold - not even serving to curb nukes. >>
I haven't voted yet but I'm about to make a decision...
All I needed was a chance
I’m sorry to say this but he’s just playing around
"Even a broken heart can beat again"
Lately I been feeling like I ain’t living right ..
i'm in luv w teddy buckets
Bye summer time I'm be SO fat
Levi is a sparkly little unicorn just like me
Somebody need to motivate me to go to the gym
If you are not my close friend don’t request a dime from me on cash app like what you doing
On a bright note, I finally get my nails after 2 long months
get rid of all the people in your life that do not serve you well.
We really appreciate if you buy ePickRubies, our most valuable currency that helps you winning RP! Your little contributions help us a lot
inb4 Ruby gets a horrific body injury to complete the set i.e. Team Body Injury Squad Weiss and Blake have scars and Yang lost an arm.. what's Ruby gonna lose or get a scar from?
Cups of tea brewed: 2 Cups remembered: 0 Ill try again tomorrow
i can make you happy if you give me the chance.
oomf on lb has never rated a movie higher than 3 stars...do you even like movies
He gone be MY nigga til I'M tired of him! Can't nobody make me leave him but me . Rather give my dude 1000 chances than 1000 niggas 1 chance. Not into the idea of "starting over".
if y’all don’t believe in what you say then don’t say it
or should i say my hug(h)e crush
the end of the f***ing world
sometimes what i say doesn’t mean i mean it
Fight the dead. Fear the living. #WDS3
You can’t fly unless you let yourself fall
Dk why tf that Brittney bitch is even mentioning my name or my mans name. Mind yo fuckin business hoe that’s yo problem now
Y’all gonna be “stepping into 2018” all the way till February
Where are you going? Come back.
ive loved fx since la cha ta and i’m so glad luna and amber are still able to make music even if it’s not with all members
Don't text me I won't get it
We Done Been Together For A Minute, Now It Feels Funny To Be Doing Something Different, But It’s All Good Me And You Finished
gente do ceuuuu esse ano toxic e crazy in love completam 15 ANOS
yeah, but of course. I'm not leaving this pc until the sun goes down!
You ever just listen to music that sounds like what your panic attacks feel like it oddly makes you calmer?
The End of the F***ing World to querendo ver se é bom
I want to know exactly where this happened in Napa #48 hours
i am brave. i am bruised. i am who i’m meant to be! t h i s. i s. m e.
It’s all fun & games now, but that would’ve been fucked up if I was in jail for those ugly black ass kids. Them Mfers was black asl. They momma got to trippin like she didn’t give them access to the fuckin phone.
U deserve to be loved by the person who will never cheat on you
That was a nuts shot tho
When they took my brother they took half of me
SketchMeAPlan books your event according to your request (i.e. reservations, surprise gifts, thank-you notes, etc.) and you just "show up".
I’m so angry I wanna hurt somebody child
I still haven't set up my new laptop from Christmas because I'm afraid I will b r e a k i t it is so p r e t t y !!
Weekends suck when you live where it snows
Most liked Trailers in 24hrs: 1. # B a a hub al i 2 : 496K likes 2. #Jai Lava Kusa : 174K likes 3. # A g n y a a t h a v a as i : 160K likes (8Hrs) 4. # K at am a ray u du : 156K likes 5. # Sp y der : 137K " P O W E R S T A R " # A g n y a a t h a v a as i Trailer
you ever wonder what people will say at your funeral? Not that you wanna die, but just what will they say
you stupid bitches don’t know how to act right, that’s why you don’t get treated right
If Josiah think he about to sit in here & talk me to death he about to get tf out cause I don’t want to be bothered.
Wow!!!! I didn't even see that go in!!!! #Go C a n u c k s Go # C a n u c k s
9/12 s t o p m e
Whats all this stuff about Magic the Gathering tournaments and venues being filled with known pedophiles?
I remember meeting rayven for the first time my mom told me she was my cousin i was lookin like tf n she was looking the same but now thats my mf world
The only thing that satisfies your cravings...is WAR! All I've done is give you a place for it. I've given you a reason to live.
Balak namin ng boyfriend ko na mag travel this 2018. To explore different countries, experience a lot of things and meet awesome people that can make our relationship better and stronger so may ma ire-recommend ba kayong boyfriend? Kbye
10 p.m. and considering going to sleep. Is this my life?
I hate so many certain songs now
I’ve had E N O U G H
Enemy is pan... but that's neither here nor there. He eradicated all the humans
i keep seeing ads for weight loss plans. i think twitter is trying to tell me i’m fat
Fuck ama die laughing when the day comes
vontade de ver moulin rouge todos os dias da minha vida ouvir a Nicole Kidman cantando one day I'll fly away e chora bastante WHY LIVE LIFE FROM DREAM TO DREAM PORRAAA???????
That’s plies song raw afy’all trippin it’s a banger forreal!
Going to see R-U-L-E next week. Hype AF.
Lifting up YOUR own should not be blindly done.
I dont deserve you so much :(
As I continue to study prayer, I find promises tied to it.
I thought your family was to lift you up not tear you down because you are bigger
I love Duke basketball but they are so inept on defense with all of this talent and it drives me nuts. I just don’t get it. At the same time I am loving this moment for Braxton Beverly.
I didn’t realize Monday pa pala lalabas yung queue results
Brock Boeser with an absolute R O C K E T.
AHHH I'm so glad I stopped at ep 5 last night, Crybaby is sooo GOOD
im stingy i want everything to myself
You need to learn how to fall and get up too! LOL BKLYN # love on the slopes
i still dont know whether i should vote or not #B T Soutcast D4
Why do all my drawings look better in real life than in a picture?
Lol i think I’m a pro lurker
Ice Skating or as I call it A test of ego and balance
Fight the good fight of the faith. Take hold of the eternal life to which you were called. -1Tim 6:12
Ima " lemme pump ya gas" type of nigga
Don’t want my gf to leave
Thought I was going to turn into a wet for you S I K E BITCH
Like who tf nvm I’m keeping my business offf here ..
Jake Fromm will have a monster game and the D-line will show up. Wild card; the DBs must contain Calvin Ridley from making big plays.
kenta is my whole ass bf
I SCREAMED ORGANIC GIRL CAME ON AND FUCKING E DAWN MOANING IS MAKING ME WET
It would 100% make sense of both Taehyung and Seokjin are the texter and killer considering they're both corrupted files #B T Soutcast D4
it’s like i don’t kno you anymore
Idk what it is about me, but every time I watch DC, Beal is missing free throws, blowing defensive assignments. I don't watch and he drops 51 on Portland, or something.
Don't get me wrong, I love my fetus. But sweat pants are all that fit me right now.
Can’t show no love in these streets get yo feelings
I hope Lonzo starts being an aggressive scorer
I am now the resident here’s why this guy scored this why in figure skating expert at my bar. #U S Champs2018
It should be illegal to plan events in this weather.
I wanna take pole dancing classes as exercise but they’re hard to find... plus’s I want someone to go with
Really want to go vegan but maaaann
Really winz so fucking speechless with myself
Why do i never know what the heck i am doing
Damn I'm not Tryna go bakk Home to NY til spring but it's slow for dat
US 50: Passenger vehicle chain law from MM 113.5 (2m W of Cerro Summit) to MM 132 (15m E of Cerro Summit).
i'm over here tryna get my head ass life together and take a lil shortie to the movies and a date and instead i get invited to get fucked up and drink my sadness away
Don't trip if someone is doing their thing.
I have no problem telling my friends what I can and can’t afford lol, ain’t no fronting over here.
from the director of I MELT WITH YOU and MOTHMAN PROPHECIES and future alex ross perry collaborator
terminei the end of the fucking world e so posso dizer, assistam
once i thought i could fly i tried so hard i wonder why
I had to cut that bitch off, I had to let her be
There’s a reason lemon is edited lol
Everyone wants to hate , but shit I’m happy
Saucin in the kitchen cheffing up these lemon pepper wings
Favourite iAnti Memes: -eternally burning couch -"he addressed her as.................... basket" -the creator ragequit their own site -then came crawling back -"I am the admiral of the F.I.R.E.W.A.L.L. and a right good admiral too" -That incident with the Overpowered Sword.
Happiest Birthday Maria Chriselle Elisse Joson Diuco
OK sooooo, I’m gonna do bangs, but not like legitimate bangs, like long ones you don’t have to actually style n shit
oh 4 hours into doing line art and sketching i still havent saved wow im s o fkn e d g y
Happy 1st week of the year! God bless.
Playing heads up with the family
I take my licks an run wit em
Now Condition is Partly Cloudy ! With Now temperature is -1℃.January 07, 2018 at 12:01PM
Can someone tell me what this is about ? #B T Soutcast D4
I’m one of a kind baby
jaden smith’s instagram account is a whole new level of aesthetically pleasing
Japan’s Abe urges central b e/us-japan-economy-abe/japans-abe-urges-central-banks-kuroda-to-keep-up-efforts-on-economy-idUSKBN1EW00B?il=0
nothing is funnier than my friend buying me lychee juice for my birthday, and me crying over it like some fool.
Turning my phone off and gts blew tf out me
i hate hearing your voice. it doesn’t sound the same.
“Trust in God to hold your heart”
I'll never understand how people can be so bogus to their loved ones and be okay with it
The end of the fucking world É MUITO TIRO MEU FUCKING DEUS
Data 03:00 Pressure 1020.8 hpa Temp 2.7C Hum 67pct Wind 10.7 mph E Rain today 0.0 mm Month 462.9 mm Snowfall today 0.0 Snow Depth0
Be one of the first ppl to watch my snaps EVERY SINGLE TIME and I don’t put shit on snap everyday
Oh shit this is the last weekend to see The Last Jedi in theaters again?
I can’t sit & watch someone page all day or sub them all day . Mfs need a hobby .... & fast cause that’s sad/weird asf.
Falcon fans got fear in their heart
It is boring too stay in the house sometimes.
C'mon guys its 2018 be matured
I’m too affectionate, I always will be
im sick of thinking. i only want to read all of theories out there. and try to connect them. #B T Soutcast D4
All these gnat gnats get on my nerves
I've been thinking 'bout you lately
theories theories theoriessss, where do they get it #B T Soutcast D4
Long as Roquan Smith and Lorenzo Carter get off the bus at the Benz Monday, I love UGA’s chances vs. Bama.
Happy First Sunday of the Year! God Bless Everyone and Keep All Safe
"Susuka pero hindi susuko." This has been my living motto for the past walwal days of my life.
Kanye West Gave Kim Kardashian Stocks in Apple, Disney, Adidas, Amazon and Netflix for Christmas
me: *has a 30 minute emotional crisis after accidentally calling going back to college "going home" *
I am praying..Miho this year is your year! Be ready for it. #M I H Oin2018
Why life is so unfair :(
I really feel like writting and no one wants to write with me
>storage almost full >have a who.e 4 GB free yeah apple? you really gonna try and play me like that?
There are not many things as annoying as finding cute jeans, deciding to buy them, and then remembering you have a large & still growing fetus inside you.
Can you just make up your mind? Haizzz
Tengo anhelos de ver "Call me by your name".
2/ If you make the wrong design choice, it can cascade quickly & cause long term damage (e.g.: trust wasn’t a consideration in early Internet protocols). It can take years of trials & errors to develop good insights, no matter how smart you are.
drinking to forget everything i’ve done in the last 24 hours lol
Trying to get my birthday Together
LRT i i love that ,,
They asked me if I had "Merch" actually I do pictures & some T shirts let me know if ya intresteds
Stop going hard for people that don’t go hard for you...
I just yelled 'STOP THAT' at the tv with my mom's support cause we're watching Bridget Jones' Baby together
so I'll post that temporal item, then happen to create that WikiWord page, and then discover Back Links cases from e
My unnie text me last night and she said jaeseok is leaving in golcha
T1: Report for my station at 3:00 am Temperature: -4→ Relative humidity: 92→ Pressure: 1031.30→ Wind: 0→ from the E. Daily rain: 0.0.
Gotta back be there in 12 hours exactly
Cuno really likes pokemon. o w o But I'mma beat his butt at it. e w e
Just looked at my “December in Review” on Google Maps and it’s all bars
Harristown weather 1:00 PM|Temp: 31.7C|Feel: 32.2C|Hum: 30%|Wind: 5.0 km/h E|Baro: 1013.2 hpa Steady|Rain: 0.0 mm
The End of the F***ing World é bom demaaaaaaaaais
HOW COME JAEDUCK SUDDENLY CAME IN EVERYONE BIAS LIST JUST BCS HE'S ACCIDENTALLY SHOWING HIS NIPP*E?
US 50: Passenger vehicle chain law from Rawhide Gulch (3m E of Montrose) to MM 117 (Cerro Summit).
the neighborhood é mais que sweater weather so queria dizer isso
i actually really do need friends welp
if you see a girl drive by singing into a microphone, it’s me
Woodstock takes 5-4 lead over the Eagles with 5 min left in the 3rd.
A verage Girl - Emily Osment S top The World (Demo) - Demi Lovato H e's Not Here - Next To Normal L et It Rain (Demo) - Ariana Grande E veryday - Ariana Grande Y ou Don't Know Me - Liz Gillies
My eyes look really green today
Another hour! It's January 07, 2018 at 06:00AM God loves you Prophet Muhammad Peace be upon him Calls you to Paradise
Weird shit always happens to me
02:57 UTC Temp: 3.0°C Wind: E, 3 mph(avg), 9 mph(gust) Humidity: 69% Rain(/hr): 0.0 mm Pressure: 1018 hPa, rising slowly # weather
diego me dx de cr kkkkkkkk
【Axis Forecast】200rpm, steady move, electricity output:8000GbitJ/h(sufficient) , Axis rotation is changing anytime -AxisPOWplant
I live for watching families cry happy tears during the reveal of their new house on any HGTV show
Bitch don’t say hi to me
"and its the things that keep us apart, that keep me alive"
all my friends are dead P U S H M E T O T H E E D G E
Last week against Carolina it was 7-7 at half and we weren’t getting the ball back. We all know what happened after. R-E-L-A-X
i wanna eat jimin’s ass as he sings me the drake and josh theme song
Goodnight I love g and e ok bye
Offense needs to move that ball down the field & score touchdowns, not FG
Straight up now tell me do you really want to love me forever OH OH OH Or am I caught in a hit and run.
Shared via ABC: US investigating source of deadly multistate E. coli outbreak
Apparently my family got rid of our Wii and I just wanna play Mario Kart.
I’m ready for an all new #48 hours
The word “daddy” has been so sexualize that my kids are going to have to call me bruh or some shit
can’t believe my parents made me watch a movie where an octogenarian shirley maclaine talks about “vinyl” with millenials and becomes a college radio dj
My music taste is a lil bit cray hehe it can go from marshmello to Blackbear like woah hehe I’m so quirky!!1
03:00 Temp -2.7 C Falling. Wind 0.0 mph E. Gust 1.6 mph(Calm). Press 1022.3 hPa, Steady. Rain 0.0 mm. Hum 78% # i w n
I love all of you thwnk god for autocrecty
First rule of 2018. 1.Never talk about 2017
Tonight I realized that my mom is THAT white girl at the party who drinks entirely too much and 100% can't dance. Sad.
Want to change the future? Stop believing in the past. # happiness
Got a full essay to do for Monday
When people run in circles is a very very mad world
they watch you even when they got you blocked
i'm trying to be positive here tapos that certain shit moment happen ??? t a n g n a t o t h e h i g h e s t l e v e l
none of my niggas gon fold couple pussy niggas told dey ain’t my niggas no more
If a girl speak less but speaks fast then she keep secrets #Aaj Ka Gyan
SadIy this is the wrong generation for peopIe with a good heart
Why be affected with what other people can if you can show them who really you are?
Cleared: Bridge/Tunnel Stoppage: EB on I-64 at I-64 Tunnel-HRBT E in Hampton.10:00PM
If it ain’t about money it don’t concern me
my keyboard has a chattering E key and im pissed son
I’ll happily third wheel the movies
(Wave) SWELL: 1.0 ft at 15.4 s NNW / WIND WAVE: 5.9 ft at 7.1 s E / WVHT: 5.9 ft / APD: 5.5 s / MWD: 84° / 4:34p HST
Temp: 2.1 C Wind:0.0mph Pressure: 1020.0hpa Rain Today 0.0mm Forecast: Fine weather # beach le y weather
I’m so scared I’m going to ruin everything.
Look at Sean McVay and his perfect LA barbered beard. #A T Lvs L A R
Only time they take me serious is when I flex on em
I gotta stop biting my tongue. But I really hate hurting feelings.
And baby I don't wanna leave ya but baby I don't really need you either
Wind 6.0 mph E. Barometer 1014.5 hPa, Rising slowly. Temperature 2.6 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 66%
caught in the midst of your insecure winds
tem 3 wisky e 24 redbull, mas n bebo
Bro we gonna have a good sesh tonight im hype
#The Four real deal singing competition! # S a e e d
Like what I’m seeing on defense. Just keep the penalties down
Promo need More followers ?? # p r o m o # followers
Moral rights cannot be bought or assigned (i.e. sold). They belong to the creator regardless of whether they are the copyright owner.
them into, milk me: wow. Tastes great. Ha ha ha ha ha its me. It's me. Yeah, good jok.e. No
I see U, my Sexy Kato Man..  ..I Love U too Babe!! #My Beautiful Sexy Beast© #The Beautiful Force Of Our Love Spark© #Me And U Christian© ..YKIB!!
# O ma g h 03:00 Temp -1.8 C Falling. Wind 3.0 mph E. Press 1029.3 hPa, Rising slowly. Rain 0.0 mm. Hum 80%
LiLi Roquelin Feat. R.e.a.P - Bliss of My Soul - Hip-Hop Remix- MP3
Seriously, I'm following so much UTAU stuff everywhere now.
10:00pm WEST SPRINGFIELD CURRENT CONDITIONS: Temperature 0.7°F, Wind Chill 0.7°F, Dew Point -11.0°F, Humidity 57.0 pct., Wind 0.0mph NNE, Rain 0.0in. # w x #ma w x
Wind 7.2 kts E. Barometer 1016.4 hPa, Falling. Temperature 30.2 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 53%
C l act on -On-Sea Live Weather: 03:00 AM Temp: 4.0C RH: 83% Wind:5.1mph E Rain: 0.0 Pressure: 1023.3mb # C l act on # Essex # weather
The weather right now is -1° and a few
Our Lord, lay not on us a burden like that which you laid on those before us.
who are we? Just a speck of dust within the galaxy?
a lot of this is my issue bc i tend to take rules in too black or white a way (i.e. "you can NEVER EVER DO THIS" not "this isn't a good idea most of the time but obv there are exceptions")
Salem IL weather data 9:00 PM 13.3 53 pct 0.0 E
21:00 Temp: 53.4 F Chill: 48.2 F Wind:E 9.4 G 14.0 Hum: 67% Bar: 1021.11mb Steady|Rain: Today 0.00", Jan 0.00", 0.00" yr # g t x w x
Wind 0.0 mph E. Barometer 30.55 in, Rising slowly. Temperature 26.2 °F. Rain today 0.00in. Humidity 30%
Weather 1/6/2018 9:00 PM: 13.3F 53% humidity 30.459inHg Wind E/0.00mph Rain today None
I remember I had this beauty in one of these...
Expect it in like 30 minutes sound good?
Wind 7.0 km/h E. Barometer 1008.3 hPa, Falling. Temperature 32.4 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 39%
Temp 32.1F Apparent Temp 26.4F. Wind 1.5 mph E Gust 7.3 mph. Wind Chill 32.1F, Baro 29.549", Steady. Precip 0.00". Hum 79%, DewPt 26.3F.
I could have certainly used an epiphany today.
WIND 1.6km/h E GUST 6.1kmh TEMP 1.9°C RAIN from 00:00 0.0mm PRESSURE 1028.2hPa, Rise slowly HUMIDITY 74% APP TEMP -0.7°C #WEXFORD
Wind 2.0 mph E. Barometer 1027.60 mb, Rising. Temperature 3.4 °C. Rain today 0.0mm. Humidity 78%
why are there five billion names for the fgo protags. just stick with gudao and gudako or w/e since those are used more often
i’m irrationally afraid that i’m going to accidentally go live on facebook and all the irls will see how weird i truly am
Example twitter weather data 9:00 PM 32.2 51 pct 6.2 E
Wind 0,0 m/s E. Barometer 1024,3 hPa, Rising slowly. Temperature -10,7 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 48%
Damn stupid. Srsly. Wanted pay my premiums. Then never bring my card out. Thinking everything can be done thru Apple Pay
I was going through the photos from my last shoot and ended up selecting 60+ photos That’s when you know you’ve got another favorite model to photograph.
Wind 6.9 km/h E. Barometer 1018.0 hPa, Falling slowly. Temperature 31.0 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 43%
You my Henny. And the only thing on my menu
Summer’s End by Foo Fighters fucking slaps
I'm do,e asking questions. Its donevand over
If we date, you have to watch The Office with me.
Wind 8.6 km/h E. Barometer 1014.5 hPa, Rising. Temperature 32.2 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 51%
i need something new in my life ..
i need to fix up a few things in genius with water, child but i don't have enough IQ points nor am I taking time to get a bunch of those points. anyone have a Genius IQ score of 600+?
He said she made him delete me on FB. I wonder do she know he follow me on snap
She don't do the shit she say she do
I did almost a thousand dollars worth of sales in an hour running across the whole restaurant & didn’t have a single table complain about one thing
I don't really care if Gruden is a good coach or not (I'm rooting for him), I just need him to be mic'd up and broadcasted at all times
You never loved me liked I loved you.
I forgot that it snows in California. my region can’t relate
If 2017 was the year of Work Ethic, 2018 is the year of Work Habit.
High key jealous that my brother went to visit my bf at his work
I hate when I’m praying and my mind goes somewhere else then i gotta restart like “ wait lord no no no...wait no i didn’t mean that... now i gotta repent “
fuck being home i’m so bored
I wish I went to winter
can i order wendys yet e n e
this would be my new account, bc its 2018! im craving for CHANGED.
Ruhan me viciou nuns funks e podcasts
can my father just die goddamn no one wants your worthless ass alive you waste of oxygen
Did Al Michaels just call Cris Collinsworth "big boy"? #Wild Card Weekend #N F L Playoffs #A T Lvs L A R #NFL
She knows what I think about and what I think about..
ain't with all the weird shit
imagine if we didn't have the 280 update
oh my gods bb king oh my gods drugs omg what have i done
Remember mannequin challenge that was so lame thinking of it now
Why is “Operations” on Battlefield 1 so impossible? Constant spawn killing, tanks farming infantry from a distance, among other things. It’s impossible to have fun.
Far from perfect. I am worth it.
Wind 6,4 km/h E. Barometer 1011,79 hPa, Steady. Temperature 15,7 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 65%
IM SO ADDICTED WITH BEEN THROUGH LIKE BRUH I CANT LAST A DAY WITHOUT LISTENING TO IT. DAMN
Had the best vacation EVER now it's back to bidness
【HELLO!】This is M!SAKi. I'm a JPN E.L.F.(DH) / Gleek(Warblers) / SMAPPER / Eighter / Gamba Osaka supporter. Thanks for following :) 11:59
N M E’s M I A
but are we all lost star trying to light up the dark
I swear if Washington blow my ticket bra
Going to the shop on Friday .. I’m excited
YES I'M THAT WICKED APPLE BITCH
If you love something set it free amirite
I still love the game. It just ain’t for everybody
I ain’t drunk enough for this
Delly gonna Delly lol #Wiz Bucks #D C Family
Who gone hold me down in this cold world
oh, tracy, it’s been years since someone asked me to dance!
I need boobs and I need to gain weight so I can wear kaseys shirts and have it not look like a fucking dress on me lol
Booking flights and realizing my daughter is now considered an adult. Wow! Time really flew.
I deserve all the hate :)
I’m so pasty bruh. Where is the sun? Where is the warmth? WHERE IS MY GLO?
2018 is already looking good y’all gone see
Why do so many people get in a car with people they don’t know? #Live P D
Ask Lucifer to change his mind about th e United nations an SEE WAT HE SAYS .SUPERIOR COURT JUDGES IN WASHINGTON D.C.
Smh gotta go smoke after that shit
As soon as I saw that Kelce hit. I text my friend and said I understand why you won’t let your kids play football now.
Cali gave me a taste of where I need to be in life
terminei the end of the f***ing world e nao sei o que to sentindo
i need me a lil babi who gon rate my fits
/ I'm updating my museblogs & crying i love my chars n want them to be happy BUT i also hate them and want them to suffer
Uh-oh, Mom's mad. “This is your fault, E.”
if someone is strong enough to bring u down, show them that your strong enough to get up
MY LIFE JUST FLASHED BEFORE MY EYES
Everybody has that sibling that’s a total asshole but they mommies favorite. Like they can burn the house down and moms gone be tryna justify. But let you spill a cup of water and suddenly the world ending.
“is your pissy pink or brown?” I HATE MYSELF WHAT DID I GET MYSELF INTO
I want this Valentines Day to be one for the books and I don’t wanna ha e nothing to do with the plans I wanna be the one surprised this year
In Sha Allah one day I’ll submit my work a few days before the deadline
ILLBxB - Materia - b u m p y w a v e s
ptd download is taking Way Too Long...suddenly i dont feel like rerolling anymore maybe i should just take w/e i get
“Living like I’m on your” I am d e a d
I'm completely content being alone but I wouldn't mind having a cuddle buddy every now and then
talk yo u all later.. will have coffee then back to drawing
A friend of mine lent me her car so I have a ride to work tomorrow and a ride home today. She was going out of town with a friend.. It was the one of the kindest gestures. I don’t deserve her.
I feel like a firework that can’t explode
H.E.R Let Me In sounds like it has just a hint of Laroux vocals on it.
Bridge/Tunnel Stoppage: EB on I-64 at I-64 Tunnel-HRBT E in Hampton. All travel lanes closed. Potential Delays.9:58PM
like ill get hit with the oh yeah i usto like you, then im all like wtf what happened ? why not now loookin ass
...DANIEL BUT JIHOON BUT D A N I E L
I agree with Chris for once. I would have ran another play too. TD would have been huge. It’s not a bad call kicking the FG.
Too bad Andrew Rowsey played like shit and was extra sloppy today.
Ummm...I am S-I-N-G-L-E <i don't want a relationship!!!!>
Ya bitch all on my dick, she be doing the most I tell that lil bitch she so extra
Men really do pay attention to little things like if you keep your nails done and feet ..
I need a beer or like 26
Dr. Serizawa bravely gave his life to defeat Godzilla, and Raymond Burr would later provide narration for his life story in a documentary produced for A&E's Biography series # S v en go o lie
Spending my Saturday night wrapped in a blanket reading a 22 page article about the benefits of online discussion posts # it slit # g r ad school life # g r and ma status
grab my hair hit it from da back
oh i had a notch in my eyebrow when i recorded it they probs thought i fought someone
I wish I was a mentally stable genius
And I’m not frightened of dying, anytime will do, I don’t mind. Why should I be frightened of dying? There’s no reason for it, you gotta go sometime....... If you can hear this whispering you are dying.
one directions most iconic music video aka kiss you came out 5 f i v e years ago today i wanna cry
Number 2 ranked Duke is down 8 with six minutes to go but w/e Marquette is about to come back and win
Honestly I just hate that you can’t tell somebody’s tone in text
Trinity is F A K E , I don’t trust no S N A K E
WHY SUDDENLY I THOUGHT IT WAS PARK JIMIN XHJSOAPXJNXKSKSHJSJSIXHAAPDNJX #B T Soutcast D4
i love how we can all just agree todoroki’s first costume was just t e r r i b l e.
Why you mad? Talk to me nice.
You won’t find a love like mine anywhere
We either play really good or completely awful . I wish I could know beforehand so I can make other plans...
Don't ever confuse a bad moment with a bad life
Vibin to Anita Baker and prepping for my brand meeting.
If you don't get lost with a driver that doesn't speak English are you even in Asia? #Adventure Time
In the same era Woodrow Wilson and Robert E. Lee crossed paths, a young Teddy Roosevelt watched Lincoln's funeral procession.
LRT: “Housing first” is a newer paradigm for dealing with the impact of homelessness. Basically, you prioritize getting people in shelter before dealing with other problems (like substance abuse or mental health issues).
i dead ass am so bad at telling when a girl is fuckin with ya boi
Just gotta get through 2mrw !
I’m gonna be honest. I’m just so proud of myself.
so many goals for 2018.. even tho it’s been a week and i’ve accomplished nothing.. 51 more tries!
That was the longest 10 seconds of my LIFE!! #In Brotherhood #A T Lvs L A R
got that water I’m talking purified
I’m trying to get to this hotel before I get too drunk.
SEWARD HIGHWAY: Advisory - January 6, 2018: All lanes of traffic on Old Seward near E 73rd are now clear following a vehicle acciden...
“You know the great thing about the NHL? The final two minutes take about two minutes. In the NBA, everybody has 18,000 timeouts and you have all these reviews now in the NFL.” Al Michaels saying what everybody is thinking
Today's Advice: Do not go over the pain that has happened in the past. Just learn where we are now better
You can't make me doubt Him! I know too much about Him! # Jesus — feeling amazed
anyway I just spent a good five minutes looking all over the apartment for the cat, only to crawl down and look under the bed to find her watching me quietly.
My room is like a sauna
Lower-class drinkers face worse heart health risks, study says
I’m not the devil you think that I am
scar is a hoe. fuck scar.
You guys are mean, making jokes about that man. He could be a veteran? Criminal one, but still.. #Live P D
Jeepers Creepers 3 was the worst movie iv'e seen in my life and when I say that I mean seriously
He says "you don't need to put on makeup" before we leave the house, but it's not because he thinks I'm beautiful. He says it because I've dawdled for several hours already, & he doesn't wanna wait anymore.
I just want a better paying job so I can move the hell out of this state. Like why does life have to be such an asshole
#Gucci Cruise18 C U L T U R E
It is currently 1F in NorthWest ILLinois. The temperature is predicted to rise overnight, and then Snow tomorrow. Amen! for warmer temperatures soon!
If pied piper 2 doesn’t drop after all this mess I’m suing bighit #B T Soutcast D4
I learned how important it is to entertain people and give them a reason to come and watch you play.
shimmie shimmie ko ko bop i think i like it
Beat:E1, SHOPLIFT at 1XX BLOCK OF BELMONT AV E reported on 1/6/2018 6:34 PM, Call# 18000007172
Beat:C2, MISCHIEF, NUISANCE COMPLAINTS at 18XX BLOCK OF 42 AV E reported on 1/6/2018 6:30 PM, Call# 18000007175
i want a new hair color
n e ways i love bts
I have a photo shoot tomorrow and I want to go to the gym but I’m terrified I’m going to be sore and look stiff in my photos
I pour vape juice in my drink when my vape dead
Paying attention to people’s energy all 2018
Feeling like fucking GI joe this morning
randy moss the only analyst to pick titans to win # t it an up
I might freak the fuck out if one more person asks me howw I'm doing
challenges makes us more responsible always remember that life without struggle is a life without success
GUYS IM FUCKING SCREECHING THE ADVENTURE ZONES IS SUCH A good PODCAST EVERYONE LISTEN TO IT
Swivels head around.. squint.. Seems safe LoOKs safe SmELLs safe.. I S S A F E Time to get to dancin.
I'm not a fan of Nina or anything, but goddamn it her song is SO damn catchy, it's been on my mind since last week. Migite de wan-chan (wanwanwawan!) Hidarite de zou-san (paoopaoopapaoo!)
Lay up and stay up, have sex and then blow dank
Hoping this year will be a year of full of blessings.. # Mi h o in 2018
straight to the money, no stop. Ima give it all I got.
Had to take a break from my own damn house I be back Sunday though pop.
Didnt even know Kandi was on U and Dat with E-40 and Tpain, and she has a writing credit, ok coins
Avg Wind:15kts, Gust:18kts, Wave Height:0.3m, Wave Period:3s, Wind Dir:69 °(E), Gust Dir:78 °(E) at 07/01/2018 02:54:00
Water Temp:9.3 °C, Avg Wind:7kts, Gust Dir:87 °(E), Wave Height:0.5m, Wave Period:3s, Gust:16kts at 07/01/2018 02:55:00
Bitches all on my dick when she hop on my dick I'm like why you keep hoppin on and off
Avg Wind:16kts, Gust:29kts, Wind Dir:85 °(E), Gust Dir:85 °(E), Water Temp:8 °C at 07/01/2018 02:54:00
Avg Wind:16kts, Gust:23kts, Wave Height:0.8m, Wind Dir:89 °(E), Gust Dir:104 °(E), Water Temp:9.4 °C at 07/01/2018 02:54:00
Its a small world after all
Wait...I forgot how to be a student all of a sudden.
Trying to get the cat waved and Paige has found out. doghouse inbound stay tuned
She is always on my mind.
Got my mom to watch the #Dr Pol premiere. Then she got my dad watching it. Now we’re texting back and forth about it
'one game' said no one ever
“Be your own favourite. I’m my own squad.” #2018 mood
cant tweet shittt ttoday without geting shit so i guess i'll die e lol
around in search of the male that was supposed to behind her, as she made her way to the front door she'd have s puzzle look on her face* ..uhh is everything okay out there!?
because you don't deserve those sweet, fake smiles
“I was so fucked up I don’t even remember Chuck E Cheese”
I’m hella sleepy, but it’s too late for a nap and too early to go to sleep.
just a daily reminder that the word ‘lens’ isn’t spelled with an ‘e’ after the ‘s’
Wind 1 m/s E. Barometer 1021,1 mb, Stigende. Temperature -11,0 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 99%
These hoes gon choose that’s a fact
DIRECTV says they like to help then they don’t reply if they’d like to help that would be great where are they?
GLOWING... BLONDE... L E S B I A N ???????
the end of fucking world é dubalacobaco
Rooting for Kenny Roczen tonight. Nothing would be a bolder statement of perseverance.
Shouldn't that be a 10 second runoff?
She don't love me like she say she do and if she dont then why she say she do
Love me when you’re ready not when you’re lonely
20 something all alone still not a thing in my name aint got nothing runnin from love only know fear
any time anyone calls me sweetheart i M E L T
Michael Wolfe would have benefitted from less time with a thesaurus and more time with an editor. Just saying.
Fellas, if your wife makes more money than you, do you think she should be the one to pay all the bills if not the more expensive ones? (e.g: water, electricity)
“you guys are my friends right?” me: !#!st0;p |i))T..where a>rE tH”e b&0y//s?! w#H::O are YOU (i’m-) #B T Soutcast D4
Well, my flight to NYC then RSW is delayed until 3:18 AM (instead of 12:10). So now we're kind of stuck in Reno until we can get a flight to somewhere so that we can head back. Yay.
N e way send nice things. Nice.
recomendo assistirem Kill Bill volume 1 e 2
gosh minho looks so happy while dancing... love that guy
OMG finally boarding our flight, third time’s the charm or whatever. This flight is so delayed my god. But w/e we are gonna finally get back to Gringolandia.
Vai tomar no cu Jiren e mt Overpower
Y’all saying freshman week 2.0 but freshman week made me broke and it was warmer at freshman week 1.0
Vols bringing me down to earth after that Titans game :(.
What game got y’all mad now?
Me: mom my my knee has been randomly hurting. Mom: bcuz ur fat
the order of who’s the best is Offset then Takeoff then Quavo
it's a 90s pop music kind of sunday :3
The #Promoting Women in the #Aviation Workforce Act of 2017 has recently been introduced in # Congress . Aviation is not the only industry where # Women make up a very small portion of its Workforce, particularly its #Senior Management workforce.
I’m so excited for sushi tomorrow
Collinsworth or w/e the commentator is some everything..slim just said Watkins have the strongest hands he's every seen this year
mds a trilha sonora de the end of the fucking world é maravilhosa
doing whatever makes me happy all 2018
If you think I’m the kind of person to download a 300 page Hawaiian dictionary with a 25 page grammatical rundown, you’re actually very correct.
I'm trying to rest for work tomorrow and bloo up in here acting like my bedroom is Chuck e cheese.
This game is chaos, lmao. #A T Lvs L A R
Liguei o FaceTime com a Mony e o Derek: Hi cousin, I want to see you when I return to Brazil. Eu: Mony traduz por favor
With the technology today, is it possible to make a Collinsworth "MUTE" button on a remote control?
Fighting with DML now to get it connected with FB. grrrr.....
lil booties mattaa, I’m show ya
Absolutely absurd #N F L Playoffs why do they play the game ... seems just to be reviewed.. cuz it has nothing to do with winning... just fantasy football league kooks & there stats is all this leagues about #What The Fuk Did He Just Say good god
Between having 2 kids and being 35, I now start every story with “I may have told you this but...” just to be safe.
i feel like luke's 2015 amas look was not appreciated enough
There’s nothing more attractive than a genuinely good person
I’m doing 80 in the 60 fuck a ticket cause I ain’t had the pword in a minute
Meeting each other was fate Becoming an enemies was a choice But falling inlove was beyond your control
I decided to order a boat-load of food!
Nothing good on TV to watch ..
but angry face bc i’m cute af and they didn’t pick me >:(
We are all created for a purpose, I have yet to find my own but once it’s revealed I will cherish It forever.
It's no more being nice no more favors none of that
idk how ppl have dry weddings.. if i did that, half of my own family wouldn’t even come.
I remember when Sammy Watkins was supposed to a perennial 1st Team All-Pro WR.
I hate To said it Rocking Jump Beat Chuck E Cheese Pizza
When you say “fuck it up “ and yo niece shaking the ass like she Yo Age
For they say I'm still too young bc my height is cute but at least I'm baby face
All these contents by BlackPink and knowing that Level Up S2 will be airing tomorrow. I love eating right!
jungkook looked so soft and nice in that gif tho im trying really hard to NOT think about it
Rams head coach is sexy af
Oh yeah a nigga bday in 2 months
so weird seeing so many of the anti-authority stoner kids from high school turn into conservative red necks???? What happened there????
“And no, my heart is not crying”
IT IS SMACK A CLIMATE CHANGE DENIER COLD OUTSIDE RIGHT NOW AND I WAS NOT PREPARED
superhero: Bright ! Colourful ! Happy ! rock ur body: b e i g e
#Resolutions Guaranteed To Fail Any resolution where I say: Tomorrow I'm gonna start doing...
Redbone was the song of the year in my opinion
That whole sequence of officiating was something. I think they got it right. But boy did they need some help.
FreeAdvertisingForYou! Free Traffic Exchange | Free Advertising Free Web Traffic
Ed Hoculi is a lawyer by profession, which means e can totally confuse the hell out of you #A T Lvs L A R #N F C Wild Card
uwu do you want sum chicken nuggets??
superboy e beast boy icones d+
#Alexander Lee On S P S support all the way, highway!
So yall just gonna act like its not yeontan and jin’s sugar gliders? Thats probably why you see “))!(!!()))” cause they keep messing up with their paws #B T Soutcast D4
Lord Watch Over My Nigga Cause If They Ever Try To Take Mine I'm Causing Hell
I had to leave that hoe alone to get my mind right. I had to go talk to my friends I had to find Christ
When people start complaining about shit you do that annoys them a lot yet it doesnt have anything to do with them, cut them out of your life they dont accept you as you are. You deserve better :)
can u pls shut 'ur fucking big mouth & stop ruining other people's life
I just had blue Long Island iced tea and that shit tastes like turpentine.
I’d rather you trust me than love me
shawty fell in love w my glo
I’m genuinely about to just swing at them
CAN SOMEBODY TAG ME WHERE TO START READING #B T Soutcast D4 CUZ DIS GIRL IS LOST AF
my friends Top 5 funny asf
My daddy just said don’t be scared to ask him for some money, by all means. Say no more.
And I could be a limbless star, Pushing at the sac all ready to delight the lucid shoal
Instant replay has totally ruined the NFL let the refs to do their job
Someone let me know when crunchyroll starts working again
Man M-E-T-H-O-D, Man the ropes, I'm heated and try my space unchaseable no better askin' advice stick em up, had a nut from
My Shift is finally o v e r..
THREAD OF QUESTIONS !!! ( Q U O T E B I T C H )
randomly want to have epik high we’ve done something wonderful album in my collection []
i’m so cute no wonder i made it to the final round
Ok, NOW LETS GO !!!!! #L A Rams
I can’t get low for my bday
“Everything happens for a reason” I guess.
Planning to write is not writing. Outlining, researching, talking to people about what you're doing, none of that is writing. Writing is writing. -E.L. Doctorow #BTD # am writing # writers life
I forgot how shitty shentel is
My mom tells me of a time when my neighbors saw gunmen breaking into the house and not a person said anything. If it wasn't for a little man with Down syndrome signaling my father, he probably wouldn't even be here today.
1 week left left in killa city ready to go home
I'm serious, definitely serious... just not visible... so, damn...
I dropped by your library and made me discover the wonderful meaning of your little sanctuary.
Ed Hochuli adds 5 minutes to every half just by explaining calls.
Officials are ruining the NFL. I'm sick of it.
Miguel reply ba need taka now
you will never catch me at a gas station by myself once it’s dark outside
Some people are just pure evil. Then, there's you.
It is better to be confronted with truth than to be comforted with lies.
Discipline is remembering what you want. # quote # quote oftheday
Al Michaels is so whiney tonight
Nothing worse than petting a boy dog and his wee red lad pops out ... we not on that level buster calm down ffs
these hoes don’t waste no time
omg i found the video submission i made for the roadtrip nation contest
F.R.I.E.N.D.S: Season 1 Episodes 1-24 all done!!! Yey! 9 more seasons to go
why does everyone think i’m mean wth
There's something going on between you guys
if Mal, Alayah, and I go missing, Hawkins is responsible
Azealia really queen of bundles. And this cannot be argued.
Its so gorgeous there!! OMG # love on the slopes
ah mano i don't know what i want so don't ask meeee
ain’t ask nan nigga for none, I took the hardaway. # God please bless my bag
Engine 624 dispatched to E SEVERN WAY for the ELEVATOR EMERGENCY
This officiating right now is beyond me.
Bruh if they score here smh
Where is a great place to hold a child's 2nd Birthday party in #Raleigh N C . Please don't say Chuck E. Cheese because I'm not doing it.
Yo y’all remember when I tweeted about my mom and her friend trying to set me up with her friend’s son?
She called me a witch lol I didn’t confirm or deny this accusation
Devilman Crybaby: One episode in and A LOT OF CRAZY S**T HAPPENS.
theres a chinese place within eyesight next to the grocers and oo buddi its delish and priced awesomely :)
Mufasa just died & im crying like this is my first time seeing this.
I missed going on adventures with my dad today was way to much fun
I’m too high for this shit
That's another checker finished, time for bed now though
Amplified Bible Psalm 59:10 My God in His [steadfast] lovingkindness will meet me; God will let me look triumphantly on my enemies [who lie in wait for me].
Weed so strong i can taste it now
Be C O N S I S T E N T 2018 ... & so on
I’m at Chuck E. Cheese on military can someone bring me a charger
The end of the Fucking World é muito bommmmm
Everybody has a point of view on how they feel the world should be approached. That's no problem. I have the best helping skills, tho.
Jesus Christ people from meridian you can’t com downtown anymore. I’m watching 4 adults guild a man into a spot in a parking garage I can’t
When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves. – Viktor E Frankl # quote
I’m still mad/sad that the Seahawks didn’t make the playoffs, but it does make it a little better that some of the teams I don’t like aren’t either. Go Falcons! #A Few Random Thoughts #Next Season #Weve Been Spoiled #Footballs Almost Over #Then Its N B A Playoff Time
My give a damn is busted
Everyone be asking me if I’m going winter tonight ... like, no I not even 18 yet. #3 more months
REPORTED: ACCIDENT IN ROADWAY-PROPERTY DAMAGE at N DAVIDSON ST & E 15TH ST #CLT #CMPD_Eastway
They wanna slow the Rams down so bad
I think Gruden will last 3 seasons before he’s fired
You already know we eating on bean bags you heard
i haven’t heard back from my job interview and it’s been over 48 hours, i’m not going to get any sleep tonight, i’m about to vomit, i’ve list two friends. i love 2018.
Just think how much better this Wizards bench would be with Kwame Brown instead of Mahinmi.
This year is all about GROWTH if you not with me you behind me
You don't have to be so afraid. I'm with you every step of the adventure!
I'm all here for Rielly /Dermott success
Yoooooooi Doug E Fresh tsk it!!!!! #Team Shaggy4 Kids
Forreal though im excited for church tomorrow!
The sky is pretty lit rn I like
Elohe Chaseddi - God Of Mercy Psalm 59:10
No one truly loves you till your dead
wow 2018 sure has been i n t e n s e as fuck
Wow the field in Cali is absolute garbage!!!! Grounds crew needs to be fired ASAP! No game should be decided on this crap!
honestly at this point i should just make a lilia fan account bc um she’s the love of my life
taking mental notes of every mf that switched up on me
Let whoever think whatever. Don’t clear nothing up
Don’t propose to me just get me a puppy..
you'll fall in love, but she gon' break your heart and put you through it. Fuck falling for that bullshit - you're gon' fall in love with music. - G-Eazy
“I gta job , you should get one too!” Uh , bitch we ain’t pullin’ money from our asss to get on these damn boards ta’e
I want to do something fun before school starts
Looking forward to all your projects.. # Mi h o in 2018
if you’re Australian im praying for you its so hot there what the FUCK
dont even gotta share it with them cause it’s enough just thinking it
I'm voting for Kyrie Irving #N B A Vote #Vote Celtics
I'm not sane but do I have to be
In the original RE:Zero script, there were three maids: Rem, Ram, and Rom. Rom, however, was dropped when her character was found impossible to write.
Just wanna lay up under you and go to sleep
I deadass want my one with Scar from Lion King
i always find comfort in you.
Shepherds pie is the best comfort food
Nfl reffing a movie of its own
Listening to Avalanche rn thinking this song deserves better.
I feel d i f f e r e n t # talk to me nice
I kept saying this would happen and yet I'm still so confused
and i was dying inside to hold you, i couldn't believe what i felt for youuuu
Loving the camera angle on her run!!! #Love On The Slopes
how beautiful our kids would be, girl, i dont need convincin'
The end of the f***ing word e mttt foda
So how can they overturn it after a penalty on the next play...?
My two greatest assets: Dental insurance & being, LIKE, really sarcastic.
"You're in LA doing a football game. How good is your life right now?"
I ain't never need a man, to take care of me.
This is what the stats sheet should read: S.E. Marsh Run Out (T.D. Paine) 156 # barbecued SOS has every right to do a Simon Katich on Tim Paine ... when he has recovered from the fatigue #Team Marsh # A s h e s
Why am I just now finding out about Rex Orange County?
He didn't maintain possession throughout the process. No catch #A T Lvs L A
Alll these fuckin calls and NOT calling shit that was suppose to be called is blowing me. With the NFL and NBA. Let these men PLAY!
So far all the parks I’ve looked into for Sophia’s party don’t allow a petting zoo h e l ppppp
----- you gotta show that you need her
What if every character in 3S is just a 12, but they're stuck in x-copy
Just don't think a player should be judged on G/A when being serious about it (it's funny when people make jokes like Alonso's goals compare to Pogba) but you can't say hazards worse than Wayne Rooney cause he's scored less e.c.t.
The best things in life come at you unexpectedly. You can't always see a blessing coming your way
3:50am and I'm reading the au all over again and again to try to find any clue! That shit is harder than my essay questions. #B T Soutcast D4
In his defense, Wile E Coyote is pretty smart...
Aaaaa q vontade de assistir that 70’s show e how I met your mother td dnv
Review after review come on now
imagine an Alex and Bruno collab, omfg
Society will never change. People will always find something to judge you
Ima "I'm finna go warm up the car while u get ready" type a nigga
club tropicana all drinks are freeeee
Doug E Fresh brought the energy and Ding Dong maintaining it! Really great show so far! #Team Shaggy4 Kids
Is this a football game or a courtroom? Ditch replay and let's play.
I got a hustler's aura plus I'm a 301 nigga with morals
“And it the end, we are just humans. We long for love, care and attention even if we try to be strong on our own.”
In life, many things don't go according to plan. If you fall, get back up. If you stumble, re-gain your balance. Never give up.
Oops! Your Tweet was over 140 characters. We shortened it a bit. It now ends with 'PA GAI HA. Namaz e janaza 3:30Pm Par Kotka New...'
" separate ways " are all the words that describe us these days.
If I get suspend here's my discord for anyone….
I swear there’s a hobo that lives in the stairwell of the building next to mine. I’m so alarmed
The Eagles praying we don’t Win, they don’t want see us!!!
Antonio Conte brands José Mourinho ‘little man’ and ‘fake’; a Liverpoolplaer is lip-read calling opponent "son of a bitch" (i.e.of a prostitute). Should managers lead on behaviour?
Just hit tf outta emiya, I’m finna sleep good tonight
Be careful what you wish for: yes, I'm sure the number on my scale went down & my pants fit better thanks to this romaine lettuce e.coli diet . # r o m a i n e l e t t u c e # diet # food poisoned
THESE REFS SUCK. THE NFL SUCKS. THEY RAN A PLAY! YOU CANT REVIEW AFTER A PLAY.
#B T Soutcast D4 it's yoongi his game his end he played games at home. alone. he created one, but he kdiNDA fORGOT ABT IT BECASU E ID ONT' FHKNOW???
Vegas next week with my family and I could ask for anything else
I'm late to the party but...Chiefs lol.
You have my unwavering support..as always.. # Mi h o in 2018
I did not know today was Saturday
They will also likely steal out your bag
if we all can trend btsoutcast ww everyday, we all can request Mic Drop remix on #Most Requested Live so please request!! this is important
I wore a mask to smile but in my Heart I Cry ~HIH
So uh what’s a catch this weekend?
nfl making the rules up as they go
halfway ubering to 7th and i forgot my ID at home smh
At this point I rlly H A T E my “family”
Aye kids are annoying thomy daughter def at that annoying age
Who said my pc was trash?
NO DUMB ASS FROM JAPAN I INVENTED THAT
Boring episode? Or good that there aren’t any criminals to film tonight?? #Live P D Nation #Live P D
Rielly = H O R S E
My whole TL is about #B T Soutcast D4 and I still don't know what's going on. I read 4 screenshots and it's seems not my cup of tea but y'all are making me wanna give it another chance.
someone help me find Brandon from Qt on 151st & Memorial !!!!
Anyone have a 2 day gold 360 PLS
i crack myself up just insulting people in my head
My stan regular and school twitter are all bundled into one account please h e l p
8:51 Flo Morrissey and Matthew E. White - Look At What The Light Did Now
But what do we do at this point
Me and my kids be in the bed so early now due to this weather
good morning time to be sad again
Grady Jarrett just got caught flipping off someone on camera #A T Lvs L A R
At this point I have to start preparing for my trip and school
i read the update in broad daylight but i still get intense goosebumps #B T Soutcast D4
There’s one word that triggers me so badly and I go off when I hear it.
I'm losing my mind over a fanfic and I still have to get ready for church #B T Soutcast D4
ain’t make no commitment with none of you bitches
After 20: # A v a l a n c he 2, # Wild 1! #Go Avs Go
okay im going to sleep soon if i dont wake up with the anon telling me who they r or at least fuckin SAYING SOMETHING im gonna jump
Why do companies still drug test when weed is legallllllllllll
“E=mc²...also, I’m a stable genius” - Definitely something Albert Einstein never said
*my niece on being bitten by a snake* “that’d be okay, I’m kinda done with this whole ‘life’ thing anyways”
new face new face new new new face
Bryan has done nothing but blast 80s music for days.
I have no fear of D E A T H.... my only fear is coming bacc R E I C A R N A T E D
Soooo they can’t review the catch because of time!!!!!
"I wanna be your vacuum cleaner Breathing in your dust I wanna be your ford cortina I'll never rust If you like your coffee hot Let me be your coffee pot You call the shots, babe I just wanna be yours" alex turner é um deus
& shoutout to the snow, my vision board party is postponed
The fuck is with the refs in this game “nah nvm we changed our mind hold up” #A T Lvs L A R
These refs getting on my nerves !!
Kuya Josh is teasing me that I'm only 11 years old
I need a little miss honky tonk
Andrew Torgashev looks far too much like my high school crush for my liking. #U S Champs2018
Doug E Fresh need some tea and panadol yah now. I got a headache watching his performance. I can’t imagine myself doing that, ever .. not even in another life.
UPLB SC amended to revise provisional agenda to pay tribute to student leaders that have passed last year (e.g. Jo Lapira) #GASC45
Looked like Mariota was beyond the LOS. I dunno.
Hobby Lobby had Christmas Decor 90% off today. I found four ornaments for my tree! #Clearance Shopping Is The Best
Easily the best Richards has played all year. Active on the glass, physical and altering shots. Good to see.
I went to Chuck E. Cheese today for the first time in about a decade and Chuck E. and the other characters performed a kid-friendly version of Gin and Juice.
she in love and he take care of heart , i had the same role but didn’t put my all in the part - Trouble In Paradi$e
It's clear how Cole is giving Alex cherished life experiences, but I'm seeing how Alex is giving Cole purpose now, too. #Love On The Slopes
Maybe if she pay her bills no one would b so hateful and bitter towards her
If you didn’t know Doug E Fresh, you know him now!!!! TeamShaggy4Kids
Anybody else see 97 on the Falcons flip someone off on camera?
your mindset raises your child(ren) and some of yall are ignorant.
I was having such a selection of nose rings already.
ANNA AND I CANT WAIT FOR WEDNESDAY SO WE GOING OUT TONIGHT FOR AN AIMLESS DRIVE FOR LIKE 6 HOURS AFTER DARK BITCH I NEEDED THIS SO BADLY
Let me explain, this game said "You'll back tomorrow." We always back, to see what hapend in the history. Maybe I sound like a stupid boy shdhjajs
Mirella me chamando de teimosa e eu kk oh love u know nothing
Now playing Big Sean - I Don't F With You ft. E-40 mp3 by !
Don’t like those officers having door closed behind them #Live P D
Start calling myself a queen for lack of a better title
when will ming-na and michelle gonna take a photo together?!
LA just need to kick a field goal
I be so heart broke when something smells good af but tast nasty .
I was soo pissed like... 5 minutes ago and after eating hot Cheetos I feel so much better lol
anyone up for a salad date? im tryna get e.coli
Jayson Tatum is my favorite rookie
I'e just finished my midnight session of reading The Walking Dead comics. But there's been several major deaths. I'm genuinely so down and sad. So I am gonna be in lockdown for a few days. No-one talk to me.
*queues up Bruno Mars' "Finesse" for the umpteenth time*
how much does a butt plug cost?
why so cutie baymax huhu penge hug
Not even a catch bruh!!! Incomplete
Reading Fire and Fury, already sloppy mistakes spotted. E.g. Boehner stopped being Speaker of House in 2011. If 5% is true it is astonishing. Wolff has a well established reputation as a fanciful gossiper though, has written some awful stuff before.
badly want to cut my hair (AGAIN)
this interactive au where the readers get to ultimately choose what happens to the characters is giving me a n x i e t y
Y'all saw that boy shot a bird
january six no classes, woke up late. shower, food, binge read outcast, on my phone for hours, food, sleep. an unproductive boring day. slept late.
O que foi Malu cantando I Say A Little Prayer for you e Close To You???
Oh yaaaa breakfast, completely forgot about that
Anyone see the falcons linemen throw the bird.
#Team Shaggy4 Kids Doug E Fresh took me back to my school dayz
I ordered what my pockets could afford, you should do the same.
the floors so sticky i keep thinking people are walking behind me
Doug E Fresh was in the #Team Shaggy4 Kids line up?
learn to let go and love ur self
An artist respects the silence that serves as the foundation of creativity!
That’s not a catch from Gurley
Queria assistir the end of the f***ing world porem estou sem netflix estou triste e eh isto
Crazy how you can be laying down next to your partner, and they can be texting another person
Sanaya is back which means I’m back on twitter! She really means a lot to me
We both need time to heal ourselves
Learn how to live in the now.
NO 34 MIN 49 Q2 7:18 Anthony Davis enters the game for E'Twaun Moore P:2 R:3 A:1 S:0 B:0 T:1 FD:6.1 DK:6.75
Dude the Lion King is so sad why is this a children's movie
so i got this really bad headaches for 2 days, my mom told me it was my fear of college cause' it was a reality i didn't want to afront. They're stronger now.
First major big-screen part came in the 2005 sequel The Ring Two #M E Wfact
why is 9 pm too late to postmate alcohol in nyc? hello
We didn’t even get our extra 2 seconds.
if i knew then what i know now, i wouldnt have to fight so hard to become the woman i want to be.
Oh, I understand. I just don't care anymore
Call me broke if you must but I’m never splitting a bill evenly unless we ordered all the same thing lol. The temerity to even suggest such a thing...
I can't name ONE show that has forced a wider variety of emotions and reactions from me as Planet Earth has
I hate seeing that one single glove somebody lost. I know the other glove must be so lonely...
The bars been set real fuckin low.
pois voces procurem musica da lana melhor que terrence loves you cruel world without you e when the world was at war we kept dancing e falhemgente falhem nao tem quem discutir leva um murrao
Accident of motor vehicles involving unknown injury - NB RT 390 AT E HENRIETTA RD, Henrietta # r o c
I was sleep on lil baby
All the best for this year and the years to come.. # Mi h o in 2018
Who in Jacksonville tonight? I wish I had a long layover so I could see moms
Well, I guess we're winning the cup this year.
Just feeling a lil productive today sooo
i lasted 12 days without crying.. my new record
Not a fan of girls who take pictures sucking in their stomach like trust me.. we can all tell. Appreciate that lil belly bbyg
get out leave rn its th end uf u n m e
My brother’s friends are so comfortable at our house that they answer the phone when it rings
Vou excluir o whatsapp e viver na netflix
No more hinugyaw festival on Wednesday.
I JUST ALMOST TWEETED AT SOMETHING REALLY NASTY AND FORGOT I WAS A CHANGED WOMAN
Robert Woods exposing these falcons DBs #A T Lvs L A R #Mob Squad
When i see her it’s like and when she talks it’s like BUT WHEN SHE SMILES ITS LIKE
I hope you all find someone that love and accepts everything you see as a flaw because y’all deserve to be loved and appreciated
But I have work in the morning.. why oh why did I agree with that..
# f and o m party -Everything Marvel -Friends -How I met your mother -supernatural -Avatar the last Airbender -Doctor Who -Hunger Games -James McAvoy -Gossip Girl -Agents o f S.H.I.E.L.D -Once upon a time The Fandoms I belong to
Doug E. Fresh is forever the entertainer!! Him alone worth the money... How does he look like a 35 year old still?????
They just tryna break the Rams momentum...
Last two minutes of the half Matt Ryan turns into Tom savage.
Does your dad ever tell you to calm down when you did absolutely nothing cause mine just did then expects me to not be upset when he calls me selfish
Miss me with that negative bs
highly recommend, it’s only eight 20 minute episodes and it’s on Netflix and it’s very very good
tired of the stupid shit men say.
Are people taking naps in TBA or what? Place is dead it seems on tv
ah i should be been a doctor somehow i got something that looks like a bump and im not sure if its a bite, acne or a wart ion wanna d,e
I miss my college associates. I can’t wait to get drunk with y’all lmaooo
Had fun at Chuck E. Cheese ‍
You're the only one that I Miss! I don't care about the kiss! Only seeing you can stop my tears......
I’m making money moves this month y’all. By the end of the month Ima have a starter career job just wait.
"how does she know you love her?" "how do you show you love her?" enchanted
The wonderful love we share for Jesus will always be something that can bring us together no matter what our differences are.
Im going to, thanks i guess.
Truth is bitter....Something like kporo kporo!
So it’s the second half and the best I can figure out is that the refs are missing a great game.
announcer tombout suck the safety up smh
The entire area is cheering for Tim. I'm not crying, you're crying
Who doesn’t know that the name for Lemonade and Tea is an Arnold Palmer? Tf is a Temonade.
Someone come get their friend aka me
I’ll always be there for you they said
my waiter at Denny’s just called me mami
Even though he eventually went too far, Ye told no lies about Wiz
Thanks past me for saving that York mint for later. Y'all know it was from Skyline™.
I can’t wait to step up my referee game
I wanna have a son,, then I’ll feel complete
I hate it when some people say “ grabe kaayo sha, what a shame. Babayeng bubat pajud!” Srsly? What a misogynist pig, you are!
I thought I could you change you but I changed my mind instead
G.C.E A/L 2020 BATCH, Science, Maths Manaverkalukkane... Chemistry Class Aarampam
Wit Dk Drumkid and S.E. Trill onna beat and a steady check comin in, this year should be interestin... #Neva Lackin Steady Stackin #Know Dat
Niggas tryna get me to go out, but i aint feeling it.
No sah. That Doug E Fresh set was everything #Team Shaggy4 Kids #Shaggy And Friends
Really want to get my septum or Medusa pierced ugh but I’m scared lmao
They knew good and got damn well that was a catch....
The world will know you for something great before 2018 is out.
Pride works with insecurities. Pride is a deceptive approach to our insecurities. Pride is any approach that isn't in line with God's will. Pride is based on our ignorance. Pride can ONLY be handled by God's ability, love and power.
Uhg I'm playing neverwinter & my teammate whos my friend right after he comes out of a dungeon ditches me & leaves me defeated e.e
You'll come apart and you'll go black .
I can’t believe I was able to finish 100 freakin‘ chapters. I made the impossible possible. Thank you Lord.
Don't speak on shit if you on the outside looking in !
I found out I’m having another niece
Gimmeee that six strang flat top guitarrr put all you hillbilly’s in a honky tonk barrr
I been telling my boys that Robert Woods is our #1 WR not Watkins.
Girls Trip is a movie I can watch over and over
#Team Shaggy4 Kids Doug E Fresh human beat box get better as the years go by.
I hate that there’s still ice on these dark ass country roads.
alright my nose was itchy, who was talkin bout me
Mf will say and do whatever it takes to get what they want.
Mad inconsiderate... all i wanted to do was turn up
Mack and Mikko (two members of the Justice League) with the assists on Nemeth's third goal of the season! #Go Avs Go
i'm so sleepy & ready to get off
Bruhhhh. I hate waiting on people
HELLO IM AWAKE WTF HAPPENED TO OUTCAST
i choose kim taehyunf i hope i am correct lol #B T Soutcast D4
I used to be a big fan of instant replay. Now I hate it because common sense still isn’t being applied to instant replay in any sport.
I HATE complaining about refs, but these refs are T E R R I B L E
"She said God forgive me, I said nah im busy" # Dedication 6 #Return Of The G O A T
i want winggggggs but i can’t eat that rn
Person With A Knife Wellington St W & Ln N Wellington E Blue Jays Wa [52 Div.] 01/06 21:38 #Old_Toronto
Nothing like hearing “The Former Buffalo Bill” but the # Bills are in the playoffs.
I’ve been soooo tired lately and I don’t know why
Man he caught that come on
I hope i still have a place in your heart after i find myself
Man why is this happening all of a sudden?
I got off birth control and not only did I get my sex drive back but I also now only have 2 day periods and one of the days be light as hell. So. Getting off bc was the best thing I’ve ever done.
Big up # do u g e fresh the kid from up the block #Team Shaggy4 Kids
Search this account and add it "Gisic Deep". Ye e hacked so e ndirela tshele..nromele friend request ko i'll confirm it
Only connect the prose and the passion, and both will be exalted -E.M Forster # poetry # i n s pi ration # wild words
Honestly the Tide Pod meme is funny until I think about those mom message boards that have stories about kids who actually thought Tide Pods were candy
LETS GOOOOOO WE GOT ALL THE WAYS TO BE W I C K E D WE GOT ALL THE WAYS TO BE... SO MANY WAYS TO BE WICKEDDDD
That's a catch but you never know now a days.
Doug E Fresh's set was excellent!!! #Team Shaggy4 Kids
Sometimes things are not always what they seam at times. And yes the kid is ok.
# l i v e p d Okay A&E execs...time to step up the game and take the show to the big cities to see some hard crimes..how about it? Taking leaks, overdoses are tragic but.....
What a catch by Robert Woods.
rams using they field to cheat
act like you still tryna get me when you got me
I appreciate all you rational people having my back with that fool
bakit bitin yung last ep ng the end of the f-ing world???????????
sometimes you just want slap people.
I think I’m going to sleep instead of edit photos
im the devil but i still love luke so much
If you are in love, then you are the lucky one...cause most of us are bitter over someone.
pleasure to kill, the pestilence e under the guillotine aperta o play
Doug E Fresh not human what that mouth do Doug E #Team Shaggy4 Kids
My main focus is god, my son, & making money
At what point do you just crumble and say fuck it all?
Be happy God woke you up
Man on the moon? Try man with a mission
I am always laughing, sometimes at awkward stuff that no one else relate too but idm. Laughing has become therapeutic, it heals my scars. Don’t take it personal, you’re not the butt of my joke I am opening up to you.
Y’all ever see people with bad skin and just want to help them? Not to be like mean or anything, but just because they may not know where to start.
Did a standing ovation in my living room! Doug e Fresh guh haaaard #Team Shaggy4 Kids
need a word for the emotion waterfall when an animal falls asleep on your lap
//: That is such a bad gif I need to fix it
How many sibling do you have
need to watch: umaru chan season 1-2 servant x service sao season 3 aot season 3 anohana the movie
The chiefs really blew a 21-3 lead.. damn tht sucks.
......who was it on my cc okay
Only need my family in this life. Nothing or no-one else. Keep the Family close.
my roller derby name is reece's pisces and, it doesn't make se n s e
I think I might actually start focusing on recording something. I have plenty written but still need to record and add music (don't know how ill do that lol)
How confident are #NCSU fans that they’ll win this game vs. # Duke ?
Sir you have grate qualities why don't you stop war between your psycho fans and common man katti mahesh
No sah!! Doug E Fresh!!! #Team Shaggy4 Kids
do u ever wanna just....... squish a cake with your hands
Keep steadily before you the fact that all true success depends at last upon yourself. Theodore T. Hunger
I feel so old for even considering buying a humidifier
If you get to see your significant other everyday or you live in the same town, then I’m jealous bc this shit sucks
I've been through so much adversity in my life growing up, that it affects who I am now.
Love you too Doug E Fresh #Team Shaggy4 Kids
My dad watchin football funny as hell
I think I might wanna do a look tonight, haven’t done a late night makeup sesh in a minute
It's not enough to just admire the waterfall. Nope. Let's climb up to the top. AHHH! I'm so nervous just watching from my couch! #Love On The Slopes
#Team Shaggy4 Kids so doug e fresh naa go stop?
am i really that unloveable or why cant anyone ever like me back
The Proposal > every other romantic and/or comedy movie
Doug E Freshhhh take the night!!! #team Shaggy4 Kids
tinder m e s s y.
Tag a person you hate the most
i wanna get outta this town .
I been in bed all day
Doug E Fresh with a master class show # S ha g g y and friends
What a fucking throw and catch !!
"It's A D E S U A...I bring the W" Banky is just too sweet #B A A Don D S T V
Just got in a car crash
My sister just sent me a screenshot of the weather app saying that it's -12 degrees in Brooklyn which is the rudest thing she's ever done to me
there are like no black people in friends
11:11 That feeling of emptiness whenever I think of us.
Were you DRUNK and mouthing about the President...?
Fuck next time I'm drunk as fuck, I DO NOT need to be snapping. Lmfaooo.
What is there to review bitch?
Damn, Falcons only needing a half to blow it this time.
Lock my damn keys in my car
I’m having such a hard time finding jeans that fit correctly I can’t even find any trusty leggings....
#B T Soutcast D4 AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH I WANNA KNOW NOW!!! My vote goes for Tae!
Me: "Do you need help, you seem like you need help?" 4 yo: "NO! I was just breathing?" # helicopter parent
can we stop loving cher solely bc she hates trump or w/e
Doug E Fresh set is come be selector at my 50th this year please Fantastic show for a good cause #Team Shaggy4 Kids Live streaming on # On stage
How my 2018 is so far: I’m taking care of myself even if I’m sick because no one can... plus having biscuits for breakfast because you can’t get out to eat because it’s raining so hard
I be weak when nigga try hit on my girl
NEMETH SHOOTS AND SCORES!!! 2-0 AVS!!! #Go Avs Go #Maul The Mild
IM SORRY I LOVE EVERYONE WHO CARES ABOUT ME DONT HURT ME :<
ITS 2018 AND IM WATCHING A SHREK MOVIE IM LITERALLY SO HAPPY
Should i make a thread of all my a.c.e “vines”
Chuck Goff with an impeccable throw
Hol' dem Doug E. Fresh! #Team Shaggy4kids
Anyway asking for a friend are there any coups tummy pics out ther e
SO GOOD SIS HOSEOK DIDNT LIE I N T E R E S T I N G
LA got the highest rent in the nation but y’all can’t afford a decent field?
*remembers there's an E. coli break out possibly linked to romaine lettuce while eating a salad*
me watching war of hormone and trying not the thinking about the lyrics and just focus and how fucking good they all look
Doug E. Fresh making me miss that old skool hip hop!!!! # kill in it #Team Shaggy4 Kids
#Team Shaggy4 Kids beat box champ Doug E Fresh
I can’t with my defense bruh!!!
I swear if any of y’all ever see me park you’ll laugh till you cry I failed my drivers test 3 times because of parallel parking, the last time I swear he was just like girl me to and just let me continue on
Drink water mind your business, and let people rock...
I’ve started saving guys names as stuff like “ha we gone see”, “maybe maybe” , “in due time “, “ potential”
There’s only one person my heart just truly desires
The human beat box DOUG E FRESH never disappoints #Team Shaggy4 Kids
I smashed the pedal and I instantly thought this isn’t my bimmer
Woooowwww! I really am loving Doug E's performance right now #Team Shaggy4 Kids
If anyone is bored tonight literally YouTube Chuck E. Cheese fights you will not be disappointed
I need a snow cone so bad why doesn’t anyone stay open in the winter
Central Jail Administration has opened diversion at Jail Chowrangi Bridge. Traffic is getting normal now.. TRAFFIC AWARENESS AND SOCIAL MEDIA UNIT DIG TRAFFIC KARACHI.
What does E.R. Stand for?? EMERGENCY room!! Not I have a sniffle and don’t wanna wait for an appointment.
If you, See No Evil, that means you act like it's good or not there. GOD will make you brave. They will try to make you scared.
I think Grant will play better next half. Dude is no slouch.
THAT is how an Old School Rap ICON does it! Doug E Fresh #Team Shaggy4 Kids
Doug E fresh be killing it #Team Shaggy4 Kids
Can you imagine telling your friends to change their wedding venue to stateside because you can’t afford a flight to Mexico for their destination wedding lol.
Anne with an E is on netflix please watch it its so good!! aaaa
Messages without emojis would make your conversation appears serious while in actual fact you are joking around.
Senpai not noticing you? Make a sandvich for him/her #Sandvich Bot
Anemic girl with Hx of blood transfusion reports “my homoglobin was 5”. HOMOglobin.
Falcons on that nut shit smh
terminei the end of the f***ing world e to triste eh isto
you don't get name I ldntlikeyu youodn ned e your ugly youdmand and you ie brytan don't kneo know it never id eneve fie oun myto hgheas sity dontbeh;oogve doufvhhhy lcollos dindtstpoanyhting reldrrddsb elerikpedofpo;lr l. don't die don't divet don't give it truppy dont
I always have games set aside for w.e shindig I have but we be too distracted turning up
A shower of sparkles cover the two. It was just what was needed to bring youthful memories to them.
Let me delete that before E get caught up lmaoooo
Expose this falcons defense . #A T Lvs L A #Mob Squad
Like mi just speechless. Doug E Fresh bad #Team Shaggy4 Kids
Doug E Fresh lit af in my living room rn #Team Shaggy4 Kids
It seems a lot later than what it actually is..
honestly living for all these throwback fb vids even though they're only posting commercialised emo but it's fine
#Team Shaggy4 Kids Doug E Fresh killing it
I need to rewrite pa mamaya
wish I was at an airport
Why is that whenever I look up Taehyung the first thing that pops up is that awful orange haired phase. PLE a s e. ITDIDNTSUITHIM
If you truly want an escape you should read my stories. I created horror in a world of fiction.
Focus by H.E.R is definitely one of my favorite songs
Collinsworth is to commentating as Alford is to defense. Bad.
Its ye the rec And e ust need it by hi tech order
Just chugged a bunch of NyQuil and now I’m about to knocked tf out goodbye fam
And don’t even tell me that you got your bath & bodywork hand sanitizer either
Little benji and Doug E Fresh Team# Shaggy for the kids
Somebody help them with the effing field if one more player falls they have do something!!!
Doug E. Fresh is awesome #Team Shaggy4 Kids
season 5 of arrow with my best friend
Take a bow Doug E. Fresh the legend #Team Shaggy4 Kids
"When I don't write, I feel empty." *nods head quietly in agreement* #Love On The Slopes
WAIT WHAT MAY FRIENDS NA SA NETFLIX???????
7yr old: i have a lot of money, but today im poor Me: im always poor
If he ever singles you up, if he's ever stupid enough..I'ma be the first one calling you baby.
That Flipmode video funny...you can tell who never touched a basketball in they life lol
Dough E Fresh a shell shell shell #Team Shaggy4 Kids
someone was calling my mom on her phone repetitively and she just stared at it for 3 minutes until the ringing eventually stopped... LOL MOM, S A M E
Running FFG Star Wars last night, then Fate Core this afternoon reminded me just how differently they treat the GM/player relationship and control of story.
I don’t even dragg nomore & i get accused for it now when a nigga was dragging i had a mf think i was holy
I come to twitter just to see what’s goin on today lmao .. I never really tweet shit
Doug E. Freeeeessssshhhh - mad - sick - head nuh good - #Team Shaggy4 Kids
"Can I Find a Good Sock?" a book by Marco Carbone
The best time to dance is when you're at home, in your room and not wearing pants.
the world: prayers go out to the citizens of florida, they need all the support they can get during this horrific e…
my throat hurts and it really sucks ... Meh
People that don't know how to regulate thier drinks whilst out are the worst
Make up a hugot using the word "Guitar"
"Stranger things could never change my mind i’ve got to take it on the otherside" rhcp previu stranger things porém isso tudo é muito black mirror
I really need somebody to call my own I wanna be somebody to someone Someone to you
For Valentine’s Day I’m probably gonna be drowning in school work ready to die with no hope of ever finding love, is okay though I’m currently preparing to get STACKS
We haven’t recruited a sniper in awhile, should we?
I want a cheesecake from Cheesecake Factory
there are people who die right now
A Stang and super modded SI smashed passed me while I was driving the civic and it made me hella sad
Filled with "what ifs" and we only have 4 months to settle it down. H E L P !
Fan police on the TL I see...
Baby come and let me show u different
While half the people I work with were freaking out to help the kid who had a seizure in my store today....I kept my head chill and did what he asked me 10 minutes before it happened.
People really be thinking I’m tall your girl only 5’3 on a good day
finally upgraded my plan to unlimited
Just got beaten up by two woman for arguing black men don’t cheat
Woah BlackPink’s house is a freakin’ mansion
In awe... That's all... Awe Doug e Fresh #Team Shaggy4 Kids
Fortnite is rapidly bumping ma boyyyyf aff me
in bed at 9 pm on a saturday..
you know that ive fallen and i dont know what to say lmao ~ ethan dolan
Just got home from seeing Mason and I already want to go back
ZAK LOST HIS SHIT BECAUSE HE BUMPED INTO A WIRE i HA v E LEGIGITMA TE TEARS GOD
One of my professors has already canceled class on Monday
Sister-in-law: “Okay, what kind of calendar do you want from this selection?” Me: “Puppies.” “Is that your final decision?” *leans in close* “P u p p i e s.”
Tonight get drunk and forget what you did
No Boy Has Actually Saw How Ii Behave Around My Family
You may know who Jesus is, but until you embrace who he says you are then you cannot fulfill Christ's purpose in your life. It's something greater than just having a ministry. Christ's purpose is for you to be like him not to give you a job.
“All i do is drink my water & mind my business”
K enw Better Part ll - Ariana Grande A ll For One - High school Musical T attoo - Hunter Hayes E scape - Kehlani R eflection - Mulan I Bet - Ciara
I hope we all allow ourselves to enjoy things more in 2018, seriously. Practicing being an advocate rather than adversary of your own joy (or others, as the case may be) is crucial, especially now.
Is E Bay a reliable site to order from?
Forgot to get granola at the store, so I guess I’ll just have to substitute chocolate cereal into my post-workout parfait.
John took me to Chuck E. Cheese today & it felt like the greatest day ever
Someone from texas called my house and asked if I was pro life, pro choice or indifferent when I said pro choice they hung up on me .
Thanks for the mention! iammaulanamalik Thanks Celebrity_VIP1 — MALIK (iammaulanamalik) January 7, 2018
A good puppy fucked cheap nibblets, and this causes bottlebrushes ran zealous snakes. Fuck this. # art
You see ME, Pelon psyclone deliverin’ a metal rainstorm
What a horrible timeout by Atlanta
Like, the song is wrong lol
My favorite tv channel is E!
these bitches be lien that why I’m in love wit my double cup
I really hate to leave Edwin
Faded & about to munch at Korean BBQ
You aint got shit i need bitch.
Jesus. It never fails!!!!! The scene where E.T. makes the bike crew fly gives me goosebumps.
This weather is fucking F U C K E D
Coming Jan. 31: A super blue blood moon eclipse
Being second place is probably worse than being last , knowing you was close to the prize but coming up short
I didn't get wasted but I did drink more than usual, especially because it was all liquor and mixed drinks. My liver is not too happy about it. This is why I drink moderately and stick to beer if I do.
Watching #Pitch Perfect3 with the wife & TJ
Reconciliation and forgiveness are wonderful things. 2018 is starting well.
I can’t believe I have to say this, but no the Cavaliers would not be better without LeBron James lmao
hopefully God sends me my man soon I got some shit to do!!
i’m b o r e d
Gimme the lovin', the slow, Marvin Gaye background music, candle lit, red velvet bedroom with the waterbed, rough sex lovin'.
VERY ! Content with the people in my life right now ... don’t think different .
No one is going to be able to stop the Blessings from flowing in your life! God is going to do it for you!! Your testimony will be- God Did It!
i miss this pairing and will be missing so much bcs
y’all be quick to holla “that’s my sis/sister” but y’all have no chemistry together.
Awesome! Doug E. Fresh putting on a master class of Beat Boxing! #Team Shaggy4 Kids
he gave me e. coli like his name romaine
(Disclaimer for everybody except the Bons gc: I’m being extra please don’t take me seriously jante is a good ship I MEAN Dobby is better but w/e my point is im joking)
i don't like dealing with people, i know i have to but i've been doing it my whole life and i am t i r e d i just want to be alone
gintama live action is just 90% derp faces and random screaming THEY'VE DONE THE ANIME JUSTICE, MOM
The closer I get to the end of the semester, the more Im like... S c r e a m s. I hope I dont... fail...
I’m just tryna chase my dreams and get my weight up
My house is so incomplete when one of my kids is not here
This IS critical mass. With exchanges pausing trading, not accepting new signups, and finding it impossible to provide customer service, can anyone deny that we have reached critical mass in the crypto world?
Cold world i ain’t tryna be da good guy
Don't be afraid to look deep in his eyes and whisper "You have a booger babe"
Ole dem Doug e fresh if him bad one more time.. #Team Shaggy4 Kids
So Derelict:Destruction crossed 120k today. More work to do tomorrow. But I’m done for the day.
Mannnnn..the Fuck kinda Call Was that?..
“”my mom says jeolla and gyeongsang couples never work out “”” SIM MEU ROMEU E JULIETA COREANO
“i’m going to hell” “see ya there”
NEW VIDEOO "If Minecraft was ONLY made for Boys"
No sah Doug E mek mi spend my money!
was getting in these streets when i got offf but nvm
Update: found a potential work husband! Details to come later
- NIGCOMASAT_1R_42.E 15_NEW_CHANNELS FREQ: 12518 H 29500 12627 H 29500 STARTED MPEG 4 HD FTA. # p a r v e z
"Hey MATT. Your daily reminder. You're a / l i t t l e / bitch"
The New York Choral Society - Lo, How a Rose E'er Blooming is # now playing
I guess I'm NOT playing South Park: TFBW tonight. Thanks Ubisoft! ugh.
"Everything that matters is right here in this moment." I like that a lot, a lot! #Love On The Slopes
The fact is when you believe you were designed for a purpose, you will live with a purpose. - Tony Dungy
JUST REMEMBER I AM WHO I AM BRETT HAYNES SMITH I.E.
how can a text-type au be this good #B T Soutcastd4
Weleson, Weleson, Weleson... W E L E A O N, WEleSON?¿?¿?
Doug E fresh out the ice on #Team Shaggy4 Kids
I have work st half 8 but it's ok
this nigga just said i got ath ........ whereeeee .???
Anthony Davis why the hell did I roster you
To nood or not to nood
We better not let them drive
So far every guy I know with a female bestfriend has fucked her, so DONT TELL ME IM OVERREACTING WHEN I DONT WANT MY MANS BEING BESTIES WITH ANY OTHER BITCH BUT ME SMFH
Cause when I start acting single, niggas act stupid.
Me: T-R-O-Y-E... S-I-V-A-N Friend: Steven universe
Everything was sweet until my friends went back to Tally & I remained at home
Stacking my money grind don't stop
so flirtaus was 15.. and im here 16 feels so dumb asdfghjkl
I just took a Snapchat BuzzFeed quiz. Ask me if I'm bored.
I am waiting for Grayson to put more stupid stuff on Ethan’s story
My kids first nursery rhyme will be “B-O-O-S-I-E B-A-D A-Z-Z THATS ME, WIPE ME DOWN ”
im so affection deprived i really stopped to rewind the part in tangled where rapunzel tries to dive in and he pulls her out and like holds her cheek
Is this thing on? Hahaha # what sup
Everybody l e a v e s.
I didn’t know nga naa diay kay twitter bayoero its good to see you here. Aw haha
U better not deal with me. Just so u know.
I'll be back to church Wala na cheerdance eh hahaha
I always enjoy Sunday morning breakfasts. It's the only time we have breakast as a fam and talk.
God bless you Tangs. Still remember those two goals he scored on June 9, 2001. #Go Avs Go
Comecei The end of the f***ing world e achei topo, eh isto
I miss cuddling & getting kissed on
I wore my haori over a hoodie and skinny jeans and platform boots today
I have this thought that of its possible to get T-ARA's name then they gonna fight for it.
MANO DIAMOND E WHAT U DO ????
Why y’all be leaving public restrooms without washing yalls hands, ya nasty
I really be in the house wit my kids every weekend, unless I take them out
But the sun is always shinin' even when it rains
I'm fine but i wonder for how long...
Camuflado - MD, NeoBeats, Feek e Sagaz
I just want to selfishly, genuinely happy with myself and my life.
I literally just got that Wile E. coyote is 'wily' coyote. I am so dumb
I.T./Bron and Love a super team right?
Beer is so nasty idk how y’all drink that bs
No leash/binding/prison can hold this fucker back!
Coldhearted is definitely one of my fav Young Justice episodes
I hate the new style of hip hop choreography. It's like each move don't get finished. Hate it
if yu put in work , why YU talkin bout it
She reminds me so much of someone but I can't quite pinpoint it
lowkey starting to ship marcel and hayley
You got HATE in ur soul I can’t do nun about it.
witch hazel in a spray bottle n that vitamin e cream is making my skin so soft mmm
thread of my beautiful mutuals who met e&g ♡ this thread makes me so happy so I'm pinning it ♡
The Skeptics (e.g., Sargon) have a problem with ethnocentrists who are OK with having an aristocracy - a group of privileged people - even though people like Sargon are also fine with an aristocracy. The difference is how the aristocracy comes about.
I can’t escape H A T E
Person who's always there for you
MY FRIEND IS SELLING ONE TICKET TO LANY LIVE IN MNL. PM ME!!! :-)
I make the best pasta agilo e olio
What to do? Where to go?
Watching snaps of people at wedding is my favorite...Can't wait for my friends to snap at my wedding but only at the reception not the ceremony
Fuck A Fake Friend Ion Gotta Fw A Btch
Connor Barwin is one of those guys who gives you everything he’s got and gives you absolutely nothing on the stat sheet. The guy has been invisible for the past 4 seasons. He’s in the NFL tho.
Nothing hurts more then seeing your friends hurting.
acabei de rever hang the dj e estou em prantos because WE'RE IN A SIMULATION
I am SO ready for this mini vacation next month with my family
THATS M O N E Y SO SEXY
This crowd is super dead. One point game with three minutes left and it’s quiet.
Matt Ryan is fine!! Play ball
Doug E Fresh, madd up the place #Team Shaggy4 Kids
Birth control ruined my life. Pussy was dryer than the Sahara and my attitude was so terrible all the time. I’ll take my chances on pregnancy.
gonna get my self care in before a.c.e makes me cry in 14 minutes
Everytime I type “literally” one of the word suggestions are ”Mitchiri-Neko” I’m ????????
I’ll be slim thick by spring break
anyone know what is the update for Avatar The Last Air bender Movie??? # a v at art he last air be n der
Titans Won! Now Rams Get This Dub !
he's MINE. LE A V E
I wanna watch Black Mirror, AJ got me hooked on that one episode butttttt i gotta finish Supernatural
it's the world against you and I #Ja Rule
Doug e fresh a gwaan bad...I'm enjoying every bit of it #Team Shaggy4 Kids
If I get jealous, then yes, I obviously like you.
im boutta go to church tomorrow morning by myself
Lmfaooooo I'm dying of laughter right now chris is fighting with kids online & kids are speechless
stop giving CPR to dead situations .
Noooo maaan Doug E Fresh!!! #Team Shaggy4 Kids
it has been done. my mission is complete. i have won m o t h e r f u c k e t b u c k e t.
because love is about to be happy, free, floating e se confundir com gases. normal.
I’m just hea to fuck ya nigga ain hea to love ya
In a straight way Nrsmrao is responsible for 3 yr. Devegoda for 2 yr. Atal ji for 6 yr and Manmohan ji too for 6 yrs.
FUCK THEIR VOICES ARE SO GOOD
Everyone should read ‘The Souls of Black folks’ by W.E.B. Du Bois
What if Matt Ryan don’t come back?
Watching Gilmore girls on a diet is hard- they always make me want junk food
It’s so cold my bones hurt
So glad I’m not moving out norristown nomore
Doug E have to go hold a Fresh after this performance. #Team Shaggy4 Kids
The selection of tinder men in VA is not great.....would not recommend
Doug E Fresh have the crowd swinging. #Team Shaggy4 Kids
The human beat box Doug E. Fresh #Team Shaggy4 Kids
Doug E Fresh tun up di ting!!! #Team Shaggy4 Kids
Sometimes I feel like the only girl who hasn’t watched Grey’s Anatomy
I never expect anything in return
they're tiny babies i want to protect them from the hole that is y g e
RIEN / NOTHING January 07, 2018 at 03:45AM
Yesterday, ‘twas a wonderful day with you
ITS LIKE DOWNLOADING RN AND IM LIKE BOUNCING ON THE B E D ALL H Y P E R AND EXCITED I MISS HOMESTUCK OMF
Love the announcers trolling Tennessee fans by reminding them their rivals are playing in the national championship game & their football program is in the shitter.
Doug E mash up the place #Team Shaggy4 Kids
We don't dance around bonfires....We get stoned, tripped or wired in memory of those expired
i’m yelling there’s subtitles on this episode of tw and the subtitle for a knife being launched through the air was “loud whoosking”
anna kendrick is my favorite lipless woman
The Rams officially have the M O M E N T U M
Big hits comin from everywhere #A T Lvs L A R
i aint voting imma keep watching bts music videos and pretending like i aint emotionally invested
N.E.R.D - Don’t Don’t Do It (Feat. Kendrick Lamar)
//• Think I’m gonna start a group chat.. Like if you’d want to be a part of it?
Faith talks in the language of God. Doubt talks in the language of man.~ E.W. Kenyon # quote
me being nice to you doesn’t mean i want you to shoot your shot. men be so confused
Getting high living the low lifeeee
Sorry I've not been active guys, really busy rn!
Damn SHE put on a great event today
Can’t wait until i start feeling my son move around
worked 14.5 hours today and I start a shift in less than two hours wild weekend
i’m just tryna go on a cute ass date
Shake It by Metro Station will forever be my favorite song
Lawd. Doug E Fresh should go on tour with Delano #Team Shaggy4 Kids
Losing the person who made me who I am are is the worst pain I've ever felt in my life.
THEY DREW BLOOD OFF Y'ALL BOY!!!
can my fockin clothes I ordered get here already kmt
please let it snow tomorrow night and get us out of school
wish for h e r r o n = lauren or zachs lane
If we lose I blame Mike Specht.
(Wave) SWELL: 1.3 ft at 14.3 s E / WIND WAVE: 3.3 ft at 6.2 s E / WVHT: 3.6 ft / APD: 4.6 s / MWD: 91° / 12:30p ChST
If Philly could do it again they would draft Tatum
The Human Beat Box! Doug E. Fresh!!!! #Team Shaggy4 Kids
AGENCY: T us tin PD CALL: [211PAN] PANIC ADDR: 1100 BLK E. 1ST, TUSTIN D/T: 1/6/2018 6:28:59 PM # T us tin
INFO E. WND: VARYING 180 & 240/14 KTS. MAX XW 14. RWY 23. WX: CAVOK. TMP: 26. QNH: 1013.
(Wave) SWELL: 0.7 ft at 11.1 s E / WIND WAVE: 2.3 ft at 5.6 s NE / WVHT: 2.3 ft / APD: 4.1 s / MWD: 81° / 9:30p EST
I was watching Devilman Crybaby but then I got dragged to a kid's birthday st Chuck e Cheese...don't really want to continue watching w/ headphones on my phone and I'm stuck at a cliffhanger
Would you rather be rich or poor
Down the Counterbalance we go, generating electricity along the way.
HC - Hazardous Condition - 1815 E 4th St - AFD - 08:40PM
WHY ARE ETHAN GRANT DOLAN AND GRAYSON BAILEY DOLAN THE CUTEST HUMANS ON EARTH?! PLEASE EXPLAIN WHY!
of course levi would have an affair with rebecca’s mom
# team shaggy 4 kids Dougie E Fresh real entertainer!
Beat box Champion Doug E Fresh!!! #Team Shaggy4 Kids
【Attention】We will finish selling raffle tickets soon. If you want to join in the raffle, please come before it’s too late. #J Mo F2018
hi my name is evelyn and i ruin most things
I'm in the process of reading all the 'Parker' novels by Richard Stark -- Donald E. Westlake. Pure pleasure.
Love & Hip Hop Miami should have been Trick Daddy Trina Uncle Luke JT Money Ball Greezy Ice Berg Billionaire City Girls Self Made Lattie & Gunpay with guest Rick Ross Khaled Miami Tip Brianna Perry E Class Pitbull Scott Storch
Touch Me (Francesco Conte Remix) - Tina More
In the end, we will only regret the chances we didn't take.
the LA Coliseum should be an "iconic stadium" it's not with this garbage playing surface all this slipping and sliding is very dangerous
We gone make a play on special teams.
I’m never going to get better
We champagne toasting at halftime I can do this lmao. # drinking away the night 2018
I kind of miss a little Minhyuk’s Jack Frost hair
(I'll be on this account tomorrow and alternate between accounts the next day. Peace)
Times were rough when I was on birth control smh nothing could get it wet . Now tho…
Would’ve eat the whole bag if I didn’t feel obliged to share with TeenRager.
IVE BEEN MEANING TO BUY AND PLAY HIVESWAP SINCE IT CAME OUT BUT LUM GIFTED IT TO ME AND IM S C R E AM I N G
life is all about the evolution. you can dream but don’t neglect the execution. time is short, that’s what somebody told me. too short to keep following your homies.
Some guy just walked into a Toledo bar ripping a heater. Guy: “This used to be a smoke room” Eric: “yea in 2004”.
Bigups to Doug E Fresh he's killing it
I don't do no Cappin I keep it
I pretend to ignore you, but I really miss you..
Only games i wanna play with her is pool
I had an extremely productive Saturday that had nothing to do with any of my jobs. This person will last two weeks, tops.
Doug E have man a draw fi wallet #Team Shaggy4 Kids
"Prayer is the mainspring of life. We pray as we live; we live as we pray." —E.M. Bounds
Me highlight fue ver a Landon
Loving the vibe. Keep it going Doug E Fresh "Don't worry about a thing,... " #Team Shaggy4 Kids
P:4+4(swimming), E: 6, S: 7, R: 6, S: 50/50 w high efficiency
Would never bet with the Falcons, too liable to blow a lead
I am never spending money ever again Until I go to sleep damn. Awwww thank you~ .
NEW YEAR’S RESOLUTION: UNFOLLOWING ANYONE THAT POST SNAPS OF “ DIRTY SPRITE” bottles lmfaooo when did being a baser become cool? It’s 2018 guys cmon.
Doug E Fresh rocking the place #Team Shaggy And Friends #Team Shaggy4 Kids
Yup he is taking his family
like do we go to a fancy dinner or do we do something fun?
#Wrong Times To Laugh Standing on the ledge of a cliff *Sees someone trying to get the perfect pic Gets out tickling feather
sw e a t s. no i'm not planning to be a permanent traitor here.
nnn im gonna watch cmbyn tonight for good luck tomorrow
Good news: I started a new job this week! Bad news: I got a cold on day 2.
You don’t know heartbreak cause you never partake in loyalty shared with these niggas.®
Pressure meter. Piezometer - measuring moderate pressure of liquids (pressure in pipe) - if pressures are high, length of glass tube required is large and impracticable - tube diameter at least 0.5 inch or 12 mm to reduced capillary error
Please, u could neva compare to me All of these bitches is scared of me *nicki vc* literally
eat so much pussy that my mustache pink
You cant cry over scars, its permanent
I was wondering where Doug E going but the man baaaaaad #Team Shaggy4 Kids
I remember I got rated a 3 ... a 3 Lmaoooo it’s wild
trying to figure out what fred and i should do for our 2 year
Do you miss me like I miss you?
i really don’t ever ask for much but the couple times i do ask for stuff people can never give me what i want when i literally do everything for other people.... smh
Reunited with elementary classmates x reunited with high school classmates
That txt gone roll through at 10:01 , Watch.
three hours of sleep and five cups of coffee, LETS GO GO G O
you give me a feeling that i’ve never had before
Went back to iPhone. Never leaving apple again.
Why do i only get hit on by creepy old men at the gas station????
Loving this vibe from Foundation member Doug E Fresh #Team Shaggy4 Kids #Shaggyand Friends2018
Something is up with the field. Way too often have players slipped in this game so far. #A T Lvs L A R #N F L Playoffs
I got 3 clients in just 1 day.. #Real Estate Agent
Like the climax for E.T. was the whole voyage of taking E.T. from the lab and bringing him back to the forest, which leads to the resolution of getting E.T. home. And it’s exactly at the last 25% of the film.
let's not forget what the most important thing in this world is which is money
I'm happiest when I'm with my boo
So excited about the new year!
Feels like Atlanta should be up a lot more than they are.
It’s 3:43 AM and I can’t sleep, I must stand up at 7AM for an appointment I am so dead lol
Honestly miss Giz as soon as I Lea e her fine ass
Me *sees a woman with twins* “God bless your soul miss! You are doing Gods work raising two babies at the same time!” *looks at my one child* “Why you so cute and difficult”
Putting away my spray tan tent is the most frustrating thing ever.
Comecei The End of the F*** World e to curtindo demais
Noooo sis leave the crack to the honks
Doug E Fresh a pull out di tune dem #Team Shaggy4 Kids
Rams have risen & giving ATL the business #A T Lvs L A R
I’m on Grandpa Pete duty tonight omg lmao
Doug E Fresh is putting on a Show!! #Team Shaggy4 Kids
oh no, Falcon fans. what's happening?! somebody talk to me!
*turns tv on to the part of the lion king where mufasa dies* cue emotional breakdown
If I can’t workout I think it may be time to start eating better.
Mfs wanna be known for all the bad shit they do and then get mad when someone judges them for it.... i dont understand
Between the age limits of nine and fourteen there occur maidens who, to certain bewitched travelers, twice or many times older than they,
Literally caught myself leaning on some random lady’s basket at H-E-B rn lol
Who else going to help me in a jam when I’m stuck
WOW SUCH BOT MUCH TWEET ♚pearlbot♚
And we are the s a m e age, guys.. Gosh I want to be taller.
love her dearly but she better swsd
Ruben has been merely giving a voice/helping show all the people that you shitcan0s would cast aside as <<jotos/jotas>> and other insults that we’re not here for your n o n s e n s e.
This rookie of the year race is actually pretty competitive
UND leads Omaha 4-0 after two on goals by Gardner, Poolman, Janatuinen and Wolanin. Shots in the second were 19-1 UND. Omaha's shot came with 1 second left in the frame.
I love you babe, so bad.
I need a baymax in my life.
Hoe don’t step on my raf Simmons
You see me right now, you’ll ask yourself if it’s the same air everyone’s inhaling/exhaling that I’m inhaling/exhaling because of how fucking good I look right now. My goodness It’s okay if you don’t believe.
don’t rush the process. two strand twists are easy to do and easy to mess up. after e v e n l y dividing a section of hair, twist tightly from the roots
the first thing to do is to get your hair w e t. dripping. you can do these twists on freshly washed hair, but it helps to have a spray bottle handy
People are saying they won't watch the Roseanne reboot because Roseanne supports Trump. I hate him as much as the typical liberal, but she could worship the Devil and I'd still watch her show.
Yaaasssss Doug E. I'm thoroughly enjoying this set # o l d s k o ol # old soul #Team Shaggy4 Kids
I wish you were a better man.
My daddy bought me a car
Tried to flirt your feelings out of you. Kinda left you confused but still got what I wanted
Also the RN arguing with me about whether or not my moms heart stopped when she stopped breathing was uncalled for. I’m not sure if it did, we did CPR because the 911 operator told us to. We stopped when instructed.
Anyone else noticing how the # c o lise um is holding up?!
WVU held Trae Young in check I guess holding him to 29 points is holding him in check
i think i ate too much
If lebron stays in Cleveland deandre Jordan tomorrow
Every time it have a fete, Trini Twitter does be like a ghost town
I’m always in the mood to jam to some TLC. # creep
But then block button is way better lol
Armie Hammer has no business going around in a double breasted blazer with sunglasses hanging from his shirt # rude
woahhh that Louisiana Chicken Pasta at Cheesecake factory is occccccc
Jooheon feat Minhyuk in a trot song will be amazing. Make it happen STARSHIP!
you so fucking precious when u s m i l e
I'm built like an E brake babe
quietly scopes out his next victim
He did say something for everybody Good set from Doug E Fresh! #Team Shaggy4kids Enjoying the show! #Go Jamaica Live Stream # shaggy and friends 2018
Yay gonna cut my hair NEW YEAR NEW ME NEW HAIR
Turn on the ps4, fan in full whsitling mode within a minute
Despite the rules, I choose to be one of the chosen few leavin you confuuuuused
Baby how you got a fresh lace front and it’s already stiff #Fix It Jesus
idk how to put my feelings into words so I just keep them to myself
And I won't entertain question about my personal life.
Na, listen I’ll block you .
Doug E Fresh take the show #Team Shaggy4 Kids the man draw for some real classics
i give up i vote for taehyung
"A WOMAN CAN SAY MORE in a Sigh... than a Man can Say in a S E R M O N" ~Arnold Haultain
I wish I was like the normal people who only are crazy over somebody they’re dating .. I’m crazy with everybody and everything
#Team Shaggy4 Kids doug e fresh got us in our feelings!!
Just ate half a bag of frozen shrimp for dinner. That’s all. Just shrimp. I regret nothing.
there is no more green in my hair
In the end he didn't solve a thing at all. # a k i b o t
If you ever leave m e , baby
They say every life precious but nobody care about mine
ANTHONY COZMIN HYPHEN KNOLWES! Say My Name.. SAY MY NAAAMMMEEE!
I want my student life back ! :'( I-M-M-E-D-I-A-T-E-L-Y!
Presenting my newest pitch to the MBAs later. It's about a phone that lets you know whether a film is rubbish or not. Wish me luck!
Kinkshame me again one more time, and see what happens.
AG: I hope you know I already wore out some good note-taking pens today. All the pens.
Outcast made everyone go cray cray #B T Soutcast D4
Whitney Houston documentary got me crying at the end . It's crazy how one day you here then one day you gone . 43 is young man . I pray I make it to 99 I'm not ready to die nor will I ever be ready to .
Get us out of the 2nd half Defense with a stop
This nigga don’t want me communicating with nobody but he can do w/e tf he want gtfo
Yard gal dem a mad Doug E #Team Shaggy4 Kids
Fed official says rates are e/us-usa-fed-mester-instability/fed-official-says-rates-are-last-resort-against-financial-risks-idUSKBN1EV0I0
Now I remember why I avoid millplain every time. Bunch of crazy drivers
the bar standard for a good birthday is if dan got sick
Players are sliding around all over the place.
She laughs on my dreams AND I just dream for her laugh
oop thought i was on my other one
Doug E Fresh know music bring dem back to school #Team Shaggy4 Kids
Its so early i wanna sleep more fml breh iwi
#A L D U B Sharing Smiles See ulit bukas. Hoping to get a GV tomorrow when I catched up watching EB. JoWaPaoMeng riot gang fans talaga ako e. With Alden beautiful smile inspiring me to see good things in people. Lets share the smile we see from Maine and Alden on this good Sunday.
Shenseea break the "pretty girl artiste stigma"
Like i said SACK CITYYYY BiTCHES !!!! #L A Rams
turtles in a half shell... T U R T L E P O W E R
Barbara Streisand Nancy Pelosi Chuck Schumer and all Democrats definition of mentally unstable. Anyone that wants a) lower taxes b) lower unemployment c) border security d) destroy ISIS e) enforce the law including moving Embassy to Jerusalem f) creating jobs
I’m in AZ and I miss my friends.
okay fr fr fr fr these random messages and comments on my story on snapchat be so head ass lmao like i dead ass dont know yall and be asking some personal ass shit
I’m on the verge of tears right now
to pick me up from work
I cant sleep , falem cmg :)
i love the new N.E.R.D album it's so fucking good!!!!!
Doug E Fresh real selecta #Team Shaggy4 Kids
Vick would've stayed on his feet
Stroking renewal oftentimes comprise use to better display-cva convalescence. This is thanks to diverse causative ability buoy be reformed stirred subsequently a knock contingent the ar of the psyche is stilted work from home online jobs with no fees. E.g., patients...
Biggest decision of the day: Do I want to open a bottle of wine or go to Target?
I’m that basic bitch on insta today , face mask and prosecco ... what have I become
comecei the end of the f***ing world e ja amei pelo sotaque
Every college basketball game I watch... has at least one horrendous charge call. Something has to change.
Doug E Fresh easy nuh man. Some classics a drop. Mek mi waan ga mi yawd. #Team Shaggy4 Kids
"I'm to drunk to taste this chicken"
Literally my bday is the only time out of each year I get so trashed and I can’t wait
Let a man lay hands on me, I’ll make sure it’s the same date that’s on his tombstone, ladies and gents, don’t stand for that shit. #Just Walk Away
I rather listen to a 4 hour stats lecture with no break than to parallel park especially if there’s too many witnesses outside “lol tf she doing”
Ratchet ass night at chuck e felt like I was at the chuck e in la for a minute lol smh
AND I'm surprising him with his favs tonight!!!!
Why the fuck would I be jealous? Unlike some people.. I'm happy when their faves notice them. I don't unfollow them just because they met AJ or Kenny before I did. Like just be happy for others and not against them. Nobody is a number one fan lmao.
Skanking to Doug E Fresh! Town Nuh good again#foundation#TeamShaggy4Kids
DONT POST ANY CCS SPOILERS OR I SWEAR TO GOD
Ever feel like your heart just stops bc you’ve been hurt again:/
#Now Playing Great Is Thy Faithfulness - Encounter Worship Band on # e g i m radio
Should I do a 100 follower raffle y/n
If you wanna leave be my guest you can step!
I know I'm hurting deep down but can’t show it
42C in the shade (12.5^3*pi*badger - 25 squirrels in Fahrenheit). Today sloth gets a demotion from cardinal sin to survival trait. What a great F'n idea to walk back and forth for almosy one hour to a pizza place for lunch
no time to rest sa last day of christmas break
So she did all that blocking and still kept the baby?! Smh #Black Mirror
The entertainer Doug E. Fresh, I still remember the lyrics to Ladi Dadi #Team Shaggy4 Kids
my cousin is turning 20 tomorrow and we’re celebrating at chuck-e-cheese. all those little kids better move out of the way bc those tickets are m i n e :)
A bond that can’t be broken
I am not the type of person who good on bear the pain heart
Who wants to bring me wine?
can i cut my wrist again to make sure that I'm still alive? Or I'm just breathing?
I just raised my 401k to 7% but think I need to add more i
I love to cook... he loves to eat. I think that's why we have a cohesive thing going
ok chegar em cuiaba e assistir black mirror i, tonya lady bird the end of the fucking world tudo isso antes das aulas voltarem
Every flop is a charge this year. Way too much emphasis on charge this year leading to bad calls.
Somebody gon die on that field tonight
I see. *dons eyepatch and parrot*.
I really be so ready to shoot in this bitch I fucking hate papa johns customers™
Fuck you thought this was nigga
Wait ... is MUA ... makeup artist?
I wish I can just be a full time househusband. Anybody wants to hire me? Lol
Rey stop fucking wit baby mothers yo they be confused , be geeking bout dumb shit lotta negative energy i Ain’t the baby father so dont treat me like yo
But look how Doug E. Fresh a mashup di entire Jamaica House tho! # old school #Team Shaggy4 Kids
*im sitting on the bench next to the restrooms at Walmart and a couple walks by* Women to Man: See you on the other side. Women and Man: *goes into different restrooms*
Im glad 'i dont like this tweet' exist. Thats just make my life in twt better
Puke and rally has never been so relevant.
Just the thought of an English lit exam in 2 days is making my head hurt
Just watched a video of someone dabbing a tide pod and lost my remaining brain cells
No but seriously, not sure I know who Doug E Fresh is or me just cant remember
|| Notifications have been dead for the past day so... If anyone's up for banter or something, let me know!
Slowly but surly getting myself together
Tiffany Pollard is really an icon. Her quotes are nothing short of it.
Everyone else over break: caught up with friends, went ice skating, spent time with family, went on a trip, etc. Me over break: watched four seasons of F•R•I•E•N•D•S in two days
I miss traveling . Being buckled down is gonna pay off in the long run but goodness it’s hard.
These chicks are thirsty to get me to buy their Provo apt contracts lol
I’m fucking s t r e s s ed over a fanfic #B T Soutcast D4
Spending more time with co workers then actual family # life on the road
i badly need a kid to laugh ang play with.
On my 15th bidet gusto ko pumunta sa childrens home or home for the elders
Doug E Fresh is a true legendary DJ!!! #Team Shaggy4 Kids
N!qqaz gotta make moves b.. Get ya money up! Scare money dnt make no money...
Also the coke machine is broken – at Caverna Memorial Hospital
She even corrects me and is like no no bitch it’s this kind of é
It’s way too cold to do anything.
Ah yes let me post a story of a music video to let everyone know that im c u l t u r e d
Damn should of went to today's game
We prefer to cook than to go in a expensive date Babe time
PA Farm Show Day 1: # rodeo , # rabbit judging , # wooden spoon carving , # cornucopia judging , and so much more!!!
Tag the person you love the most
crazy when your favorite people turn into everything you hate man
I haven't lost my virginity because I never lose
Damn my neighbors throwing down. I hope folks ain’t get hurt but by the way they were arguing and fighting
Walk Ina store n I get wat I want cuz I got me
The cauldron they have at the LA Colliseum reminds me of the Wills building, on probably the worst day to show something that reminds me of a UoB building, on fire. #A T Lvs L A R
i could fuck you all the time e e e e
Doug E Fresh ran from the Bombogenisis. #Team Shaggy4 Kids
but if I’m not told, then how the fuck am i suppose to be help?!? i can’t read their minds nor can i force them to tell me anything
It is truly amazing how they can juggle all their tight schedules e.g. practice/rehearsal, filming and all together with their personal life and school. It's so O_O.
No sah. Wi need fi donate some money right now fi Doug E Fresh Set. It BADDDDDD #Team Shaggy4 Kids
Fucking annoyed with this cold weather
Very light traffic heading from the I.E. to L.A.
i let you in and made you feel home, but you keep going back to the one who made you feel alone. -ctto
Next you're gonna say, "Joseph, SHUT THE FUCK UP"
she has a whole gf moe
Mi ready fi go di dance weh dem a go book Doug E. Fresh fah!
My Production Is Fire!! Ion Care What You Say!
Does LBC deliver on Sundays? Tegel ng mge erders ke.
So I’m creeping at your windows
Vacuum pressure Pvacuum = Patm - P absolute
and the gag is, Jaz knows what i look like and they don't sjsjJSJjssjjjfehshgdgd
Reading all these tweets about #Ghost Adventures makes me think I probably should be watching it in the light?!
I've been saying I'm going to be famous, but I think I shouldn't say that I should say we're going to be famous. We meaning me and my dumb friends who fucks shits up together hahaa
Im going to think it simple. Mostly we don't get the answers when we over analyze things. Going for the most "I think" obvious hint/clue out there. #B T Soutcast D4
assistir "the end of the fucking world", ver como é
I’m loving the vibes Doug E Fresh brings #Team Shaggy4 Kids Love and hate can never be friends
It feel like my life ain't mine
I remember when I was younger I would just read books for the sex stories . My curious ass !
Gente, The End Of The Fucking World é muito ruim
That was the longest entrance edge I've ever seen in my life
Dubois: Oh, I'm sorry, you don't know what a Panacea is, it's the name for medicine used to Me: yes old man I've played enough video games to know
Wind 1.1 mph (E) gusting to 7.0 mph. Temperature 57.4 F (WindChill 57.4/HeatIndex 57.4). Humidity 082%. Rain Today: 0.00in
My battles are tryna get me drunk tonight
why you bother me when you know you don’t want me !!
Dont kiss me bitch, you just threw up
A private life is the best life
the ONE TIME I BRING A HEALTHY LUNCH TO WORK AND THERE'S AN E COLI BREAKOUT ON LETTUCE S M H
Doug E Fresh has me waving like I just don't care! Party in my living room! My 6-y-o giving me the side-eye #Team Shaggy4 Kids
am I high, am I in love?
Lazy 2-3 D on Cats. And what a flop by UT.
Where was the truck horn coming from in the stadium?! They seemed to have shut it down. #A T Lvs L A up for grabs! # R a m s # F al cons
Doug E Freshhhh seh partayyyeee #Team Shaggy4 Kids
If I ruled the world every man that got caught cheating ,he would __________for the rest of his life!~"Real Talk Ms.E The Power Broker"~
Y’all wait. I haven’t had a boyfriend since I was 14. I’m 20 now This is hysterical.
Would love to see Darius Miller develop a confident floater/drive game like E'Twaun Moore.
Baxide Doug E Fresh draw from some Lady Saw.....rayyyy # team shaggy 4 kids
hey,, yeojin,, um . . . i love you
I’m so thankful it snowed and my flight got canceled, cause today was the perfect way to end break
Word around town is this nigga six months
HOW DOES BBLAKE NOT HAT E ME YET
Hey Siri how many of my moms champagne cupcakes does it take to get drunk enough to stand my family
Doug E. Fresh - a slide and guh thru - #Team Shaggy4 Kids
Da DC: The Flash, Super Girl e Legends of Tomorrow, arrow o que eu tenho a ver
EPIC comeback. E P I C #Go Wyo #Raise The Roof #Blow The Roof Off The Dome
Nothing like a bed full of dog cuddles and Netflix
Debatin g Dive in fountain? Not dive? . . . In he go e s
Fuck you, Fuck tu, Fuck o caralho e Fuck a porra toda
SVU for the rest of the night..
Who is Doug E Fresh? An old school hype man? # t we et like a mill en i al
getting older makes me realize that younger people are a little reckless and should probably think more than they do. Meanwhile, I think too much and it takes me hours to fall asleep and Imfilledwithexistentialdread and and and
I just stood on a plug omg the pain
I'd like to tip my hat to the news reader on the #B B C World Service, who, in perfect #BBC English, quoted from #PresidentTrump's tweet, "that he 'is smart, like, really smart'." BBC English puts everything in perspective. Sir, you made my night.
Fun Day of Basketball at the E!!
Dealing with those childish and pabebe people.
Also, so annoying when people (myself) say “did I also mention blah blah blah” like obviously not bitch, YOUR’E the one who just typed it up. You know for damn sure you didn’t mention it.
Remember when everyone thought Chiefs would make it to the Super Bowl lol
Something in my gut is just telling me that she's related this to BTS' concepts like run and I need u e.t.c. (like with the whole outcast thing). Probably just my brain trying to confuse me further but heyho #B T Soutcast D4
doug e fresh segment bad doh lol, wish I could've been there #Team Shaggy4 Kids
Worry never fixes anything. -E. Hemingway
Family night at Chuck E. Cheese
Got a cold or the flu
Baby, if you wanna leave Come to California, be a freak like me, too Screw your anonymity Loving me is all you need to feel Like I do We could slow dance to rock music Kiss while we do it Talk till we both turn blue
Chase them dreams, wait for the come up
I hab a colb in my noz.
"Students who have higher IQs tend to be more competitive"
As long as you love me I'll be your platinum, I'll be your silver, I'll be your gold
Ok so what do y'all think taehyung or jin
fucc i jus realized there’s a swastika in the vid, sorry if anyone was offended haha
when spikes hungry he barks at the fridge & his food container
the less you care, the happier you'll be :)))))
fuck i start my diet tomorrow and im not supposed to eat gluten im so sad
You know it’s cold in Cleveland when 40 degree weather is a blessing, and I just heard Thursday it’s gone be 60 degrees #How Sway
Remember when everybody in nyc said "u woulda thought"
*laughs then drops my LaCroix on the floor. I start to feel true cruelty as I watch that sweet liquid absorb into Earth's unfeeling crust*
Remember fam. Sometimes, it's someone we least expect it to be. #B T S Outcast D4
Check well being in the 400 Block of E Monroe
I want a bitch at this point gotta be tho
ARE YALL READY FOR BAYAN'S FAM BC HERE WE GO bayan's fam, the thread
When offset was locked takeoff was the better migo # sorry not sorry
Y u mad cus u see us flexing
It’s either build legos or struggle with crippling self doubt over a creation that I love with every fiber of my being. # oh the drama # cant stop wont stop
Starting today. You won't see anything about my life. I won't tell you about my life or my drama. This account will just be serious about the GA and games. If this account is inactive, it's because I don't have anything to post.
Assisti os primeiros 3 eps de The end of the f***ing world e to curtindo
INTALSAT_45.E NEW_CHANNEL BTN_TV FREQ: 11559 V 2144 STARTED MPEG 4 HD TEMP FTA #
I dont get it. Feeling bata lang.
In Sha Allah one day I’ll sleep at 10pm.
My niece talks in her sleep too much fam, every night I hear dis bs
Gage pressure - measure below or above Patm - if Patm exist, the gauge will show 0 reading (Patm = datum)
I wish I could be an astronomer.
I hope Alex weaves the charity into her article... #Love On The Slopes
Loved watching west Virginia play defense tonight and make trey young work for everything. Need more defense like that from everybody.
also the differnxe between upstairs and downstairs is incredibl e like i can hardly breathe bc of the heat upstairs
I’ve been so positive lately and so happy
A spectacular set from Doug E Fresh! #Team Shaggy4 Kids
black mirror is such an odd show but like i’m a d d i c t e d to it
I would burn to break away and rest my ears No more lightning, no more solace in arrears
7k tweets but almost for you.
No ar WHEN YOU SAY NOTHING AT ALL by RONAN KEATING E DEBORA BLANDO
Is it just me or Doug E Fresh is a better selector than nuff a di Jamaican selectors dem???
White people fuckin crazy. Legit Unabomber fucking psycho ass. All these serial killers. Like yuck y’all maintain your own people before tryna eradicate everyone else.
Glad I didn’t call out, I saved a life today
I’m so three thousand and eight(teen), you’re so two thousand and late
it’s ridiculous how you can let someone come between you and your friends relationship.
so gorgeous! more pigmented than i expected. i will post a pic on instagram just as soon as i learn the secret to getting that distinct highlight.
I want more efficiency. I want more explanation. I want less excuses and less substandard care! This ends my rant. I’m exhausted as previously stated. Please send good vibes and prayers for my mom. Thanks guys!
CRUNCHYROLL CRASHED I WAS ABOUT TO START CCS WHAT ?
Come find my channel in progress called the great e one we hit 100 subscribers ill start making videos again
new year, better and enhanced me.
The ‘Horror’ movie 1922 is basically a movie with the moral: ‘Happy Wife, Happy Life’ #Stephen King #1922
I need a corgi in my life ASAP
I'll always love her through the ups and downs!
Stylosa once told me rank doesn't matter
I believe I've waited long enough where do I begin?
Got A New Car Today, Since I’m Always Getting Cars
kali uchis and steve lacy need to make more music together
J Cole is a living legend
I can't believe when I wake up every morning... What I do first is read the "Outcast"... then read the "Midnight 1950"...
If u ever see me wid a duffle bag, I'm either gonna mash a works or I'm goin to da gym
dont you fuckign uwu atm e lusmaine i know your secre'ts
This shit better be worth it.
Never wanna see another hospital for a long long time
I have successfully watched every single Bring It On movie in one sitting; idk if i should be proud or disappointed
i’m c o n s t i p a t e d
Another painful game to watch brought to you by the KC Chiefs... smh#
you know the movie Into the woods? my favourite song is agony but the only words I know is agony so when it gets to that part I legit scream ‘AGONYYYY’
Ardonitis: frustration with how long it takes to get to know someone. # word of the day # story of my life
Come in here in the top 10, you're gonna have a bad time, bud #Hail W V
Had to pause E.T. because my madre called. 49 mins later....
When you try to pick a fight to stay home alone and cry and they don’t take no for an answer.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GOOD FRIEND DO YOU the 'i' you can clearly see
Refs just making shit up now. Lol
i beat s.t.a.l.k.e.r. shadow of chernobyl and boy did i have to cheese myself through the endgame i sacrificed blood sweat and tears but i got it, beat it on the second hardest difficulty
acabei the end of th fucking world,,,,e que final um cadin triste :( thanks james
if david doesn't quit declining my calls im whooping his little ass
you talking shit but you still follow me and see me like i don't get it. why would you choose to see someone you dON'T like
The Falsettos bootleg was being a lil bitch so I’m watching Les Mis
y’all ever see a tweet that was just so ignorantly wrote that you had to rewrite it and tweet it yourself? yeah that’s me. 24/7.
You can't live a life where you can skip all the bad parts and just be happy all the time
i need to soft rant to someone h e l p
Imma make you mine, let you pull on my hair Imma make you mine, mine...
Chuck bass with stubble is h o t
"We ain't perfect but we worth the picture still" ~ J. Cole
We both know it's a cruel world but I will take my chances
Don't know why phil leaving hurts me more than suarez, torres e.t.c
Gente assisti aqui Call By Your Name e to
Where the hell i am yesterday??
I don’t show but I care
Sometimes I hate photoshop (Aka my own bad eyes) deep sigh
Somebody tell Subway that we love fried french fries
It is decided Carter > Young. #Hail W V
Windham - Roosevelt Trail, intersection of Landing Road. Fire alarm activation at Windham Mall, multiple zones received from the cinema. Engine 7 requesting a second tone for E-6 and Ladder 4. 21:34
And before anyone’s just like you’re in the pocket of Labour or whatever, one of my closest friends over there is a researcher for a Tory MP and literally works in parliament.
I still have over an hour left on this shift but theres nothing else to do i'm just using my e cig and listening to the used
I’ve heard a lot of wild things in my life but let’s take a moment to acknowledge the woman who asked me, “Will ShopRite finance my divorce?” when her coupon wouldn’t work.
If Pat doesn't lie his ass off and screw us over for money to keep Robert (e.g. police, fire, etc.) Happy
She killed the girl I love the most.
Power is like being a lady... if you have to tell people you are, you aren't.
It’s when ya grieving and hurting, people does wan act the fool. The way I’m feeling, y’all don’t want NOOOOO part of this! T R U S T M E
Instagram is too much but the bid at the same time
and make no divisions in it (religion) (i.e. various sects in religion). Intolerable for the Mushrikun ,
That’s it I get it now it’s just me myself and I fuck the rest
The year 2018 has got started! We are looking forward to playing badminton with a new player(s) this year as well as the last year :) Why not join us and enjoy badminton!
move to ios. move to android. move to ios. move to android. move to ios. move to android...
Having a dance party now .... the one & only Doug E. Fresh!! Great job. Greater cause.. #Team Shaggy4 Kids
vou tentar ver tfp, three billboards e dunkirk antes do gg ainda
Nowhere in my world would falling be part of climbing if it was a real mountain. Just sayin' #Love On The Slopes
#B T Soutcast D4 i couldn’t make up my mind which one i would choose between seokjin and taehyung..
#Big Mouth is pretty crazy but I like it lmao
Beat a nigga ass bout my sister like im stacey
The Lion King and Whataburger = Good Saturday Night
yo what tf is this wind chill
Keep it together, smile on your face even though your heart is frowning
One of the greatest tactics I believe the devil uses is to steal or confuse your identity. He knows that as long as you don't know who you are you don't stand a chance against any other tactic he may use. If you do then he has no chance.
Atmospheric pressure - head of air avove the surface - standard at sea level - fluid pressure on free surface = Patm
name something more iconic than grey’s anatomy -i’ll wait
I wish we had family here to call up for a last second babysitter
I should’ve bought food before I came home
Ww2 desperately needs more maps. Like BAD.
i fuck with you the same way you fuck with me
BUMBO... Doug E Fresh draw for the Cardi dem & mix een di... I WEAK
So Bloemfontein hwa chesa guys like then there's these hectic mosquitoes e sa robaleng . Kopa re rapelleng pula.
My old flex is my new flex now and we're workin' on it
We're under pressure, seven billion people in the world trying to fit in
Aaaah I need to watch clear card!!!1!1
What’s about to happen in your life, only God can get the credit for it.
// As long as you love me
... I started drawing and painting when my mother died.
I want to erase that unpleasant!
man they F up some sick ass beats with some dumb ass lyrics smh why
forgot to add sizes to the description of the art i placed online
i don't want your body, but i hate to think about you with somebody else é isto
Idk if I can take these announcers. The analyst is absolutely awful.
Black mirror got me questioning society
Stares at my hands Please write
Nothing but positive vibes all 2018
Pretty face and some cute lips.
Real old school. Love it ... Doug E Fresh #Team Shaggy4 Kids
in 2018, can people at the gym stop speaking parseltongue everytime they pick up something heavy? (i.e. “psssssteeuhhhh”)
Doug E draw for Cardi #Team Shaggy4 Kids
Idk if it makes me more angry (at myself) or sad that you’re still the only person I think about when everything goes to shit & even when everything is going well
Idk why everyone lies to me about dumb shit, but lol ok
Falcons not even gonna wait until the 4th quarter to blow it this time? they respecting our time.
its a shame i cant stay up till 7 am today
I have a very open relationship with my dad and I told him I could outdrink him. He got defensive. He had 1 not your father’s root beer and is already feeling it my point exactly dad. My point exactly.
Where Where is nathan chen's new FS outfit i need to s e e
Ciara look 17 with those braids.. it’s crazy
calvin harris - slide ft. frank ocean eh phoda e acabou.
My bae came in with a big ass bottle of apple e&j last night but the funny part is he low key hate when I drink he be like u got some gum u smell like a bar like pussy get out my face then
Knowing others is an intelligence Knowing yourself is a true wisdom
IKEA is so exhausting but so great.
Do you want it in your pussy? Do you want it in your ass?
I should’ve went to the game
Pnyou want it over here? Do you want it over there?
WAIT IT SAYS THEY WANTED TO CHANGE EVERYTHING AND MAKE A NEW WORLD what if these tweets are actually from Tae (profile pic) #B T Soutcast D4
Im going to read the whole AU again, C A R E F U L L Y I dont want to miss any clues #B T Soutcast D4
im at a point in my life where i just want to be quiet. very quiet
2018: the year I guard my heart
Hahaha Good morning everyone! Hope you're enjoying your day like I am with these wordplays. Have a blessed Sunday y'all!
and 'Iesa (Jesus) saying you should establish religion (i.e. to do what it orders you to do practically),
Do you want it on the floor? Do you want it on the chair?
My heart wants you to stay but my mind says let you go
He pulled out his boomerang and smacked me a good one, causing me to fall over.
Quickest way to send me into an apoplectic rage: "Art isn't a real job" kinds of """"arguments"""" from people who can only conceptualise "real" work as being something that leaves a soul the same kind of dessicated husks that theirs clearly are
I just don’t like it when people refer to other living things as a “bean”
"She's trying to figure out what she really feel and trying to compose herself knowing that she'll be making a hard decision one day."
just paid water, pg&e, my part of the mortgage & waiting on garbage. Oh man bills can suck it!!
people only miss you when they see you doing better
Avg Wind:16kts, Gust:20kts, Wave Height:0.4m, Wave Period:4s, Wind Dir:68 °(E), Gust Dir:55 °(NE) at 07/01/2018 02:36:00
Water Temp:9.3 °C, Avg Wind:9kts, Gust Dir:103 °(E), Wave Height:0.4m, Wave Period:3s, Gust:17kts at 07/01/2018 02:37:00
Water Temp:9.4 °C, Avg Wind:5kts, Gust:10kts, Wind Dir:105 °(E), Gust Dir:99 °(E) at 07/01/2018 02:36:00
she told me that I'm not enough and she left me with a broken heaaaarrttt
Avg Wind:16kts, Gust:30kts, Wind Dir:87 °(E), Gust Dir:101 °(E), Water Temp:8 °C at 07/01/2018 02:36:00
Avg Wind:17kts, Gust:22kts, Wave Height:0.9m, Wind Dir:86 °(E), Gust Dir:66 °(NE), Water Temp:9.4 °C at 07/01/2018 02:36:00
I find kinda cute when I see he's jealous
Water Temp:7.3 °C, Avg Wind:15kts, Wave Height:1.5m, Wave Period:4s, Gust Dir:76 °(E), Gust:22kts at 07/01/2018 02:35:00
Let me go into hiding until it's time for me to come out
like someone who’d be soft w me i want That
Morning service with my love and his fam
Tbh I only want my student loan so I can buy junk food
Seeing a white QB throw a touchdown to a white WR in a playoff game is more impactful than anything Martin Luther King Jr. or Malcolm X ever did.
Updated my older Touhou pics of
#Team Shaggy4 Kids Doug E Fresh turning it up
Okay Falcons, you know what you got to do. S C O R E!
Do other people know the TMBG song/suite/cycle "Fingerprints"? If so, do bits of it pop into your head all the time when encountering phrases used it? e.g. "leave me alone"
THAT PIC WTF IS ON HER ARM IS SHE MOLTING
Talking about another person behind they back is a broke person game.. stop worrying about what the next person doing and worry about ya self P E R I O D !
Ceci knew there was no cable at the party we are at, the whole night I was saying the game better be on, she just told me she knew the whole time.
It’s not even 9 & im already in the bed on a Saturday night lol.
Slob on my knob like corn on a cob. I’ll break a bitch like Chyna did Rob
The first rule of being a stable genius is: do not talk about being a stable genius.
There must be some great cosmic energy going on in 2018 cause suddenly everybody is becoming “woke”
itty bitty baby...itty bitty boat... I DON'T BELIEVE IT! HABEEB IT! T W I N K I E H O U S E !
I think I might accidentally someone sprained or twisted my ankle without knowing and now it really hurts so this is fun :)
OMMMMGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG TYRU MONEY BANKS IS HUST OF AMEICAS GOT TACOS!
I just got real fucking salty
the few looks and smiles were everything and i was rooting for them like crazy
I want some rosca, but where I live they don’t have panaderias :(
"A good book is great friend"
Don't you dare taking my hat!! It's reaaally precious to me! I will bite you! e x e
my brother bought me boxercise gloves so if anyone wants to come lob punches at me in a park hmu
ManIt’s Like Fuck You In Fuck You
Yo Shortie Like Mine by Ni Ni Simone will forever be my favorite book! I read this book 3 times already and still get goosebumps!
Doug E Fresh with the vibes #Team Shaggy4 Kids
Gotta stop letting myself get the way i do.
Ladies , y’all watching football to impress nighas or y’all like sports..
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. – Albert Einstein # quote
“you eat soup w a fork!!!”
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
save than shit elle e trop bien
Command Req E-26 Crew To Check The Attic Space. 2 Lines Stretched.
I want to pursue photography so that every picture can be a reminder of the memories I made. In case I forget.
Damnnnnnn I’m not ready to deal with CATA again
- pressure on a submerged object is always perperdicular to the surface at each point on the surface
rams offense is scary when they’re clickin
Rock the house!!!!! Doug E Fresh #Team Shaggy4 Kids
Remember: the time you feel lonely is the time you most need to be by yourself. Life's cruelest irony.
# s u g a r f o r d o l a n s Phones blowing up, On a Tuesday E&G gotta notice this Groupchat Phones blowing up, On a Tuesday *Imagine it is like their outro song*
They need to get rid of that BK in the valley & put wendys there.
Really though, “genius” and “stability” are pretty much mutually exclusive.
I really miss this nigga but it’s fuck him
I can stay home and watch Netflix all day
If this is love, I don't want it
Which do y’all think I am
It’s 2018 why do people still have bluetooths
I wish my boyfriend was here to get donuts with me at random times of the night.
I think this dude on the train is sketching me khvknkbbjjvfxdxhk
hello yes i wish i had someone who’d love me and cuddle with me and yeah
Middle school emo phase Emily was cool af. I miss her sometimes
se vcs estao afim de uma serie feliz e good vibes c final feliz n assistam the end of the fucking world
#Wrong Times To Laugh During a hostage situation *giggles insanely
It recognizes the card as having the correct amount of free space but it doesn't display what;s actually there. spooky
Do you want it from the back with your face in the pillow, so you could yell as loud as you want to?
I want who I want and I want that person for a reason. IDC IDC IDC
zendaya and zac efron's chemistry in greatest showman was truly something else
I gone have to let this one go
Your fighting in right way never stop or never think about the fools
i love how my dad is so concern about my life when im on my period , like im dying or something lol
Trea young was in a seatbelt the whole game
Acabei de ver “The ent of the f***ing world” e simplesmente amei
Listen. I’m all for wearing whatever you want. But when it’s 1 degrees outside, you need more than a short sleeve skin tight dress or short shorts. Y’ALL GONNA LOSE AN ASSCHEEK TO FROST BITE
me: *wears my eyeglasses again after a long time* them: you look like a writer...your hair, the specs and all, yOu lOoK liKe a WrIteR ywqna
# b t sou t cast D4 # b t sou t cast OKAY BUT K“One clue” I”One choice” M”One” S”I...realities” E”I... everything” O”I...World” K”...boy” J”protagonist” I”...character” N”outcast”
I don’t even know why I did that .
i want to believe that its actually both and it doesnt matter which one we choose but,,,,, thats probably not it lmao
This generation gone put an end to marriage All y’all wanna do is “Talk” gone be 56 years old talking bout some yeah We talk
I'm the only one waking up hella early and having exams in this house shoot me
Also: Mitchell is not my favorite anymore.
Everything Everything is a great movie
Outcast really has me fucked uits taehyung
“All will be alright in time”
Um sentimento chamado Dr. Dre - Still D.R.E. ft. Snoop Dogg
Addicted is really such a good ass movie
NIGCOMASAT_1R_42.E 15_NEW_CHANNELS FREQ: 12518 H 29500 12627 H 29500 STARTED MPEG 4 HD FTA.
Sometimes all you need is a good workout. Bring your energy all the way back!
Gonna start streaming in 20 minutes, I've been in bed, laughing my ass off.
Are these my biases or are they Casper? A Mystery.
Failures not a option where I come from. Slangin O's, taking bookings for my shows, all on the same Samsung
I told myself i wouldnt bitch anymore after lima rocked my shit at evo so i deleted the tweet. Again bayo is what i signed up to deal with, but yeah was tight
Wow I’m so hype I love my school # go freak in pack
RIP to my Nantucket Nectar Pomegranate Cherry
shut th e fuck up MOM Im on the web
This aloe better help my skin
Lost boys like me are free...
I just stand back and wonder how my life got here. I did everything right, I did everything the i was supposed to, and I’m still miserable. What’s the point ?
You can't change the way you started but you can change the ending
It is a GREAT night to be a Mountaineer......WHEREVER you may be!
Stay strong, life is hard but believe that there's always a rainbow after every storm.
Know a few bitches that are super friendly with my ex but still be down to get it
I want to spend that time laughing out loud
I’ve had aggressive hiccups for 4/5 hours now... am I ok!?
#Green Line E service suspended between Copley and Prudential due to a switch problem at Copley. Use the Route 39 bus as alternate service
ansiosa p assistir siren, the resident e a s2 de the oa%%%%
Badboy flygirl / HipHop / U.M.E.D.Y / beatmania III
y'all must watch "my neighbor totoro" where mei got scolded by her sister and she cried like it's the end of the world
Why does E-40 look like sticky from The Proud Family
Michael you're dancing like a beautiful dance-whore.
I smell so good I don’t want to take a shower..
Got a fat blunt and my baby at home waiting for me Life is good.
Doug E Fresh can shell dung a garrison dance enuh
Okay I'm officially old. Identifying with every song in this performance by Doug e fresh #Team Shaggy4 Kids # ole but n uh cow l
I’m really finna have my way out this bitch FUCK IT
Got a letter from a "secret admirer"... "Hint: my name starts with an E"... I don't know anyone whose name starts with an E? Who is this?///
can you save my h e a v y d i r t y s o u l
Words cannot express how much I love Mark Stone.
Doug E Fresh .... a bad up the place .... #Team Shaggy4 Kids
I feel like someone who accidentally rented blue velvet instead of national velvet. What is happening
LOVE SOSA STILL THE HARDEST HOOK OF ALL TIME
That was a nice thrown ball by Geoff.
To assistindo the end of the fucking world e já gostei
HAHA WOW I DO NOT LIKE GETTING TOGETHER WITH FAMILY NOW THAT THE KIDS ARE ALL GROWN UP. THIS IS NOT FUN. CALL 911. IM DONE.
Rosé’s the world’s cutest woman. Scientific fact.
I’m blessed to have considerate friends but that’s their nature, plus we all were broke together so we made it happen by any means lol.
This Chanel perfume will get the ugliest chicks fucked ..
Come through with the Living on a Prayer Doug E Fresh... one of my favorite songs. # team shaggy 4 kids
who did this?!! goshhh! can't think anymore. my head aches #B T Soutcast D4
Gotta get points before halftime. idc if it’s three.
photos u might like ko sa ig puro naka topless tas makeup tutorials e, why is that
so i’m listening to 5sos on e of the first albums and they sound like baby’s compared to know
My man really thinks i be making up my dreams smfh im mad offended wtf
all the love you won't forget
ya I Eat Ass E njoy her jokes A ssist her T reat her right A ctually love her S pend time with her S upport her
N.E.R.D. has always been what freedom of yourself feels like to me.
If you're going through hell, keep going. Winston Churchill
PFF gave Mariota a (-) grade on his block because he didn’t engage through the block # Football # A n a l y t i c s # Football Guys #Real Smart Analysts
NGL one of the reasons why I wanted to start spring 2018 sem instead of wait til fall sem was bc I got the exo sg and I wanted to use it hahaha
CLE: MVA, I-480 E near W 130.
So sad that you call yourself a leader
Couples with healthy boundaries experience themselves as a couple and as individuals. # dating advice # relation ships
I was in my feelings, but then I had to remember who the hell I was for a second.
Seeing messages where you said “I love you” make me sick to my stomach
Live your life and let me live mine. It’s been so long, just let go.
Deadass thats the reason I don't trust bitches
Do you believe in magic? Why?
I wish to fall ill that all my time may pass in # S e c l us ion with the # Lord and be saved appearing in mass prayers.--Hazrat Fudail bin Ayad RA
Engine 13, Medic Engine 3 & Gold Cross 591 responding to area of Wilson Ave & 2100 E on a 72yo female w/ shallow breathing found unconscious and stating "her brain is dead"
& he still got to come back in a hour
The end of the fucking world e muito bom manoooo
6 days into 2018 and i saw a video of someone doing dabs off a tide pod
A winter deal securing a summer transfer would be perfect for #LFC and for # B arc a . He would help us advance to the top 4 in the #EPL and #UCL as a starting XI not a rotational local player for #FCB.
I wanted them to look, mainly relaxed, because in normal tenses their personalities are super aggressive and I wanted to create a soft atmosphere for them to just, chill )?)
A lie will eventually catch up to you...
Tell me what you want, do you want it missionary with your feet crammed to the head board?
This tweet was tweeted 100% hands-free because the future is now, old man.
Today I am grateful for the moments with friends, the moments with pets, and the moments to merely exist in my universe.
Have to go do my eyebrows ASAp
The only thing I can do is cry but Like a fool, I am waiting Please come to me now Come to me just like this My last wish is that one person, you
The 1st week of the Year! A Commercial Audition and Callback! An Independent Film Audition and a Storytelling Show submission. # Act or sl if e #Actor Access #L A Casting # Backstage #2018 Rockon
ion care about nobody feelings but MINE
It’s only 6 days in and damn near half of the English speaking population already is giving up and procrastinating until 2k19. Ya’ll soft af’.
Cooper Kupp ran that route perfectly
"Wait a minute, wait a minute. You ain't heard nothin' yet!"__Jakie Rabinowitz/Jack Robin **Al Jolson** **The Jazz Singer** 1927 ?
I have to wake up at 3.am tomorrow, just kill me already
Managing our mental health is the single most important factor in creating a happy life. If you are affected by a chronic mental health condition, talk to people. Go public. Get help. Live the life you can be proud of.
There’s a baby named Whitney in Collin’s family and she’s 6 months old and I wanna buy all the cute baby clothes for her # baby fever
my parents are arguing of what channel to watch on tv and i've never been more excited to get married
When I’m low acid boot me up
PLUS SIZE SAILOR MOON CLOTHES PLUS SIZE SAILOR MOON CLOTHES PLUS SIZE SAILOR MOON CLOTHES JANUARY 9TH FFFFFFUUUUUUHHH
Wow am I ready to L E A V E
No more playing games no more arguing, asking me where I'm gonna be
We have received reports of a traffic accident near the intersection of 5th St and Church Ave.
Thank God nobody here to see me trying to dance! Doug E Fresh making me bruk out! #Team Shaggy4 Kids
I love football , it's literally thee greatest thing on earth
mañana empieza la award season it’s the best time of the year
We have to score here don’t let up!!!
life update: still in love w harry styles
"You have no idea how hard it is to pretend all the time."
whats the most painful way to kill yourself asking for a friend
I love yongguk with all my heart
I don’t give two shits who visits my twitter profile loooool
Bitches be thinking we’re friends like fr .. friends ?
Babe twerking once the Rams made a Touchdown
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them
So, what can you say about my life?
Locks can be repaired, maybe they shouldn’t
2) in high school I asked my crush out the same day her mom died and I feel like the universe has cursed my dating life ever since because seriously Y I K E S
#Now Playing FREQUENCY OF LIFE (Steve Marx Bootski) - DIGITAL LAB, AU5 & I.Y.F.F.E
if we force a fumble on the kickoff i run thru my glass door
who should i choose???? taehyung or seokjin i’m conflicted SOMEONE HELP # b t s o u t c a s t d 4
What a crock of horse shit!!! Let the players decide the game. Not these morons in stripes.
I just want to slip away into a hole and hide for like a month muchas gracias
Til it come time for me to give her hers.
smoke then hit the steam room
Feels good to be able to get everything I want on my own. Feels even better to do it with someone who has it all too
valks punk skin in R6 makes her look even more of a lesbian and I l o v e it
quoting rousseau in my essay is getting me more mad than i should be at 2am
Just watched Bright, I can firmly say that I will no longer trust a critic again. That movie was great
I think I'd rather take my child to the ER than to an urgent care place again... bless his little heart.
02:34 Temp 3.5C Hum 90 Baro 1018.2 hpa Wind 2.4 mph/E Solar 0 UV 0.0 Dry
We have to score on this next drive
I got no time to play no games with you
NIGCOMASAT_1R_42.E 15_NEW_CHANNELS FREQ: 12518 H 29500 12627 H 29500 STARTED MPEG 4 HD FTA #ReHaN_ALi
And Roberto blocked me again And i was told i was childish .
Not just one, but two restaurants have actually served E Kraft Dinner when we’ve ordered Mac and cheese. For $9!
Vegeta vs Jiren was insane holy fuck
He got burned fucking dat hoe he toast
Musical instruments wished you could play
.....i really r e a l l y dont like bes anymore hahahah
I have an essential oil diffuser going in my room so basically I'm a senior.
You can be my most-used image
I love going out.. but hate getting ready.. 9 Times out of time.. my hatred for getting ready wins..
I would looove to be somewhere hot and tropical rn
im still tryna believe that it wasnt all a joke to you
"Harry Potter e a chave secreta!" - Gi
Another weekend wasted in this boring ass town...
I wish Dak set his feet like Goff does
I think I’m gonna take a trip to IKEA tomorrow
It’s brick outside but if I kill this henny it’ll make me hot and I’ll be gucci. I’m a genius
EGO. Let the 'E" go :)
I used to be fearless about love. Now I'm scared.
So the UPS tracking website is just gonna shut down like that!!!! #UPS
hi sadness's top 5 artists this week: Asking Alexandria (81), Rihanna (54), Drake (50), Carousel Kings (36), Sandy e Junior (35) # j o t a f m
Im so emotional i love ravi so much
Should I get this message wtf.
I think olive green is my next color
i got dye e v e r y w h e r e and it tingles
As long as these hard coded credentials (= backdoor) are not removed by an update, isolate devices from the network (i.e. turn off)
Mad I'm leaving Savannah without seeing Ki, Serenity and E
UD blowing everybody else with the return of E. Collins but what do i know?!
daily reminder that someone name “S. E. Cupp” exists IRL
Saw # space debris burning up over west # ye g this eve. N E 1 else?
The fact that Puffs sponsors the “Kiss and Cry” (i.e. scores bench) at the Figure Skating Championship is giving me life today.
Do you remember when you joined Twitter? I do! #My Twitter Anniversary 2009
Even #i Phone can use #i Books Author. but movement according to layout that creator aimed at is not reproduced.
Sorry I can't keep my self from taking selfies (dont state what's obvious)
But that's okay. Bc they have net naman and Tv hahahaha
Rest in Peace John Young # N as a # Space
my brother and i are so different you'd think we were raised by different parents
Buuut I've been stung a few times so I don't let noone in, no even beltersss
To make eyes look closer together, use beige/brown shadow on the eyelid corners near the nose. For a further-apart effect, use white.
everything i buss down im tryna double twice
Trae Young, Aaron Gordon, and Fournier. A dynasty I cant WAIT to watch
I told Donald the other day we need to use both of our VA loans so when he pisses me off I can go to MY house
Six flags tomorrow with my baby ,
alizabeth •A- all of the stars; ed sheeran •L- love yourself; justin bieber •I- is your love enough; little mix •Z- zero; otep •A- amnesia; 5sos •B- be alright; ariana grande •E- everyday; ^ •T- thinking out loud; ed sheeran •H- hands to myself; selena gomez
This years started so well I pray it only gets better
I wanna get these braids but idk how imma look with them
Fell asleep and forgot to die
Going to see Call Me by Your Name
Oh, wait. I've got it. My name's Robin.
┏┓ ┃┃╱╲ In this ┃╱╱╲╲ house ╱╱╭╮╲╲ we listen to ▔▏┗┛▕▔ ╱▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔╲ lil evan d gomes e xxxgabricio ╱╱┏┳┓╭╮┏┳┓ ╲╲ ▔▏┗┻┛┃┃┗┻┛▕▔
Imagine living bitter and taking petty jabs at a woman you know you couldn’t handle straight up. Devastating.
people are already unfollowing lmao cool
You're the darkest lady, you are Darth Vader I like the taste of your tongue
Eventually you figure out who your true friends are
I need friends in Atlanta ... #CAU22 Anybody can hmu
Forget the fame and publicity All I want is that
All you ticket holders... jump up! This is Doug E Fresh! #Team Shaggy4 Kids
Y'all I haven't bought pants in years I've been the same size this whole time
I think i ate too much yesterday
same $13 cup of henny all night niggas grilling the niggas poppin bottle that's a fact thou niggas be hating heavy uptown!!!
I'm not feeling this music. Or that sit side variation.
I have to say it was live to look up in the stands today and see Jack Harlow. I miss that legend.
Every saint used to be a sinner
I mean... I can GET disguising a robot to look like an actual chick but like These niggas went crazy with features like what the fuck
Young went off in the 2nd half but West Virginia was too good for the Sooners
Gonna Sit here for 5 hours. Hahahhaa
men take the hint women love cats and kittens and fat cats and hairless cats and any breed of cat
Eagles and Woodstock tied 4-4 after 2 in a terrific back and forth battle.
Just sitting around waiting for # Power ball to pick my numbers.
me wanting to join the game but i feel lost really soooo i just watch ppl to play it
coco is such a sweet movie. family is everything
Add unsweetened almond milk to your diet! Just a cup of it gives you 50% of the Vitamin E you need daily
Baby I'm sorry, I'm not sorry
ANYBODY THAT DRINKS E&J or BURNETT’S WILL STEAL FROM YOU & HELP YOU LOOK FOR IT js
The new Insidious is out?! I need to see that ASAP!
41 degrees today an the aircon has broke at work... sydney heatwave, you’re a twat
You were wrong, there was grace
This week in writing: ~300 words written. Revised a short story. Submissions: 2 Rejections: 1 Acceptances: 0 # am writing # writers life
i need like 4 boxes of these
Toxic shows off Luvdisc's amazing stalling power with 43 HP, 55 Defense and 65 Special Defense.
And hey, we have a way of normalizing stuff with our selective silence. Look at the sexual abuse of children in our communities? E'rbody knows about it but nobody nuh seh a word because... normal and comfy.
my momma think I got a bug
Was going to the E.R. but I can’t even move Then my mama didn’t get my muscle relaxers.
I am actually a cute ass bitch!! Why was I feeling so doubtful on myself !
Every girls ultimate dream is to eat without getting fat
Gave this tape a listen after the hype & this shit
noite resumida em, suicideboys, yung lean, night lovell e um frank ocean pra fechar com tristeza
I am the definition of M.O.E...... I really went to work in my condition...... only to get sent home in a few hours lol
working at a shoe store is so tempting bc i want to buy e v e r y t h i n g !!!
Trae Young is a solid talent, but in order to play Big 12 ball you need to be double tough. Hope everything works out for him.
Nightmares again tonight and every night. Feels like I’ll never sleep normally again.
I wish the Chargers made the playoffs but having the Chefs make it to the playoffs and fold like origami almost makes up for it.
My feet are starting to look like my feet again.
New band name: Batman & Jesus. Called it
I like to lay back, relax, and enjoy my turn, til my eyes roll back and my toes curl.
These old school djs know nothing about the new age. How are you going to survive !?
Doug E. shoulda wear a wallabee fi seal da outfit deh
Why the people with the best intentions always get the shitty end of it all, is something I’ll never understand
Soooo I thought y'all was gonna leave those trash ass wigs and fucked up closures and frontals in 2017
Catch me at Soultry Sounds tonight
ahhh everyone got moaned at by the polis the night for bein to loud n then there’s me “where’s ur mum n dad” pahahaha love it
dam i look so good in my icon
chapter 5 : the flea & the acrobat
my room is a m e s s
Eazy E is fucked up and got the 8 ball rollin
Can you believe the Mari_eBooks URL was taken because I, the one true Mari, can't
Happy Birthday to my momma Rip momma i love and miss you so much
"I'm all prepped. Get us buffed up!"
Sometimes it's a long road home. Once you make it though you realize who you really are and where your place is. Sometimes the reason you make it there really has nothing to do with you, but trust me it wasn't by some chance you did.
I don't even know how to feel anymore
ive literally never seen a vegan person harassing a meat eating person online, it's always rando meat eaters commenting on vegan recipes or shit about why they think being vegan is bad
No medicine in the world is as strong as healing from within - Elvis on Medication
Hard one to call for #N X T Award Tag Team and even though this team no longer exists im gonna go with #DIY The memories these guys gave us cannot be erased that easily
Caught my baby sisters baby kitten playing with her own shadow and instantly thought wow they are so inoccent it's such a shame that people hurt these sweet animals.
If I have to go through one more day of this I SWEARRRR I’m filing a missing person report !!!
When I was a helping hand, mfs spit in it so ion do no favors
Really enjoying this Doug E Fresh performance! #Team Shaggy4 Kids
#Now Playing Travis Gr e e n e by Travis Gr e e n e - Int e ntional # e 3 radio # good music # l g b t #qu e e r radio don e right
How can you say you’re average when you just so much more than that.
Gosh you know what I'm of the mind that Franken was guilty and they pulled the investigation because it would've made him look worse but you know what, it's splitting everyone so much I'm now also thinking we should've just done the damn investigation to get things straight.
Credit score looking wavy. I'm looking like the navy
Mah parents are the best! So blessed
Im bout get a tattoo soon!
Me: what do you call big shoulders? A: ? Me: Swoleders E: I like lean shoulders. Make a rhyme for that. A: uhhhhhh Me: (snaps) got it! Sveltoids # proud # genius # pun # s w ole # gym # gym pun s # n e r d #word n e r d # winner # workout # word out
Deal wid di crowd Doug E!
I miss being away in college
Loving Doug E Fresh !!!... #Team Shaggy4 Kids
You told me that you loved me but you gone now
can we please get kupp a new chant
Why light skin men always so sensitive
I need me a wife, but they jus wanna be badders
Vegetas face when he lands a punch.. .B R O
its so hot, I want an ice cream... onee-chan, can I buy some for us both?
I work part-time as a model since I'm pretty tall. e-CH0 would pout and throw this really thick magazine at me when I pointed that out though. that brat..!
what ever happened to the dudes who started the Jerking Movement™
You're looking for me but it's not what you see 'cause I've got a twisted personality
S.E.X. By Lyfe Jennings is a song that could be more relevant than it was when it came out.
I deleted and corrected this tweet as for a second I confused the Spurtlegurgles and the Twirlypops. Purple Pasha would never do that and neither should I.
um anon come back who are you
sooooo i have a class tomorrow again >.< cant with the swimming class really
On # critical role episode 61 now, and at the 70 minute mark I’m just now realizing that they’ve been talking about a community of “LYCANS” and not “LICHENS”. OTL
babyyyy just came back to my job just to kiss me
It's my friend's birthday and her housemates are making her a cake. A "tiddy cake". Complete with "tiddy sprinkles".
Fake people showin' fake love to me
## g r e e t i n g
3 and a half more hours and you off for two days Emily. You can do this
Remember kids, don’t follow the crowd.
remember most of the info we have is from ‘hoseok’ from the very start of the game which we’ve established was more than likely NOT hoseok so can we believe anything that we initially knew? e.g namjoon smashing his phone/computer etc. # b t sou t cast
n e ways that was a wild episode can't wait for episode 10
** Working Structure Fire ** CHARLOTTE-11625 Rim Rock Canyon Dr. E-24 On Scene 1 Story SFD With Smoke Showing From Crawl Space Working Fire Declared Stretching 1 Line Into Crawl Space
Has confirmao algo interesante aparte de bloodborne 2 y soul calibur 38?
talked to asia and stink stink today
Man these blunts bouta be weak as hell lmao
The next station is Shibuya. The doors on the left side will open.
I think I need a beer instead.
oh my god.... nineball island.... these are real tears
Ew I’m actually so ugly time to L E A V E
you guys love it whenever a new viewer hears my laugh for the warning!!!
ALSO!!!! literally in every photo of your instagram you look so bomb bc you’re absolutely b e a u t i f u l i love u ur my idol
I’m in a rut of depression someone h e l p
Mooresville E-2/4/5, BC-1, L-5 - Structure Fire - 128 Brawley School Road
If a man talks then I owe him nothing
If you can’t afford to go then you can’t afford to go, sit your ass at home. But don’t try to spend your friends coins or guilt them into spending them on you or try to make them change their plans to accommodate you.
Mfs gotta stop expecting shit from me cause I ain’t with none of that this year lol. I’m SELFISH.
Never fear the shadows. They simply mean that there's a light somewhere nearby. -Ruth E. Renkai
LOVE CODEINE MY CRAMPS ARE G O N E
if a writer falls inlove with u, u can never die
Uncle Murda disrespectful in that 2017 wrap up
Wish I was laid up getting rubbed on
Shoulda kept me when you had me.
You can’t have billion dollar dreams with a minimum wage work ethic
I see you Alford...bend don’t break D!!!!
Marcus Mariota is so good he threw a touchdown pass to himself like that’s fucking impressive
NO 19 MIN 28 Q1 3:00 E'Twaun Moore blocks Jimmy Butler 's 6-foot driving layup P:6 R:4 A:3 S:1 B:0 T:1 FD:17.3 DK:17.5
every time i see a photo of seb, adore you by miley cyrus plays in my head
And EVEN THEN, no one wants to lose the NHS. The literal argument used for Brexit was that the UK could use the money they spend on the EU on the NHS instead (which was flawed bullshit, but that’s what the argument was).
It’s like as soon as I cum, I come to my senses
why am i such a fool when it comes to you? A, B, C, D, E-E-E, F.UUUU
was in an alright mood but thats fucked so w/e i guess
Doug E Fresh draw for a BIG TUNE. This is for the children! More donations. #Team Shaggy4 Kids
ITS 2018 AND WE STILL HAVE WHITE PEOPLE SAYING THE WHOLE ENTIRE “N” WORD AND CLAIMING THEY NOT RACIST LMAOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOKAY BECKY TRY AGAIN
hey waddup it’s me tweeting from the bathroom again
break over, still no charger and i have 7%. now it’s a problem i’m fenna show my ass
oh I've been sticking w my opinion since the beginning just. pl e ase it should be joon or jimin .
Whenever I find new word in sentences even if these are written in Japanese, I've decided to jot down the words. Turns out, the words in my note is increasing ay 50 everyday. There is a lot of words I didn't know even in Japanese. Terrible!
I got a MAN who ain’t switched up on me, loves me, and makes me feel amazing. Fuck ima entertain you for?
The drink line was so long I missed Emmy Ma-Ma's future husband AND Alex Johnson. Ugh
#Now Playing Champion [Produced by Tlife] [Fh9] - E Prince & Savyola
Holy fucking shit the Cavaliers defense really is pathetic.
E has decided to cheer for the Leafs tonight because she thinks Auston is a better name than Brock.
Can’t wait to take this sew in out and get braids
I keep pissin this man off i gotta leave people alone
I'm obsessed with Splatoon art. Like inklings or whatever just doing anything and everything. Playing drum? Skydiving? Being swag? w/e. HELP
I was raised to live in a different government ... how did you let this to happen ?? Hate do a lot of damage ...
that tweet was supposed to be on another account but w/e
Cookout rlly has great customer service. They text me everyday asking how I’m doing. Too sweet
okay im Tired im done w/e
I really wanna go cruise and listen to music
sara banging ava on the waverider and gideon being a shithead and purposefully not locking the doors so ray can barge in
i don’t even look forward to the weekends for going out anymore, i look forward to them bc i know work will be busy
imma do what I want regardless
The cardinal span, which join Town to Hinsdale via Latest County Path 119, carry been on the Department’s rad championing large upgrades championing 40 agedness. In 1977, section officials basic identified determined deficiencies with the link. During quartet e...
Dr. Melendez or w.e his name is a douche bag.
I topped 500 followers, whoopee, I also made 5 or 6 more mutuals in the last 2 weeks or so, so it's been a good time
In case you haven't noticed yet, I'm going to keep making you happy.
The welcome to chillis vine is slowly becoming my favorite one
so, local school has a math night coming up. the guy putting together the sign put the "a" up upside down, and it looks like an "e" instead.
the best time you can catch a text back is 2 business days
wtf the new insidious sucks ? i wanted to watch it
Didn't watch the Globes last year, not watching this year, but I hope it being over soon paves the way for more revelations of evil deeds.
Still haven't gotten touchscreen or GPS support working yet
You are F R E E .
I don't even know if I actually studied or not. Oh well
All my coworkers higher than giraffe ass and im sober af
Shit. First Warner Smith passed and then Troy Dickey does too? The #Arizona Wildcats family has lost two Desert Swarm-era greats in the same week. That’s bogus.
I Can Be Your Devil Or Angle
Lana Del Rey lyrics can honestly be quoted for anything in this world.
Someone named Alexis went to jail and my cousins really collecting bond thinking it’s me THEY REAL
He's my clown We fix each others crown He's my shield We'll be together in a battlefield.
Bitch I’m jus playin, u no I be pump fakin
There is no such thing as perfect but let me tell you, he is the closest thing to it. That’s saying everything right there. # goals
i lose brain cells every time someone comes at me with "plants feel pain too so vegans support cruelty!!!"
Her: dogs don’t talk only Parrots Me: noooooo dogs talk to see I’m talking Her: you not dog you man Me: CATS talk too Her: cats don’t talk, show me.. me; nah I can’t show you that, but just know they talk
Damn all sorts of exposure coming out the woodwork tonight ..anyways I always knew Rafy was trash.
i can't help myself. i like good food, okay?
Not fully recovered but tomorrow I have to get my ass to the gym.
#Now Playing Clean Inside - Hezekiah Walker & The Love Fellowship Crusade Choir on # e g i m radio
Yeah well they start reporting soon So keep an eye on that They make cuts E make uts They get less Its a race to the bottom
Is it just me or is it every other girls weakness when a guy snuggles up into your neck and just holds ya real close??? I’m a big fan
Had so much fun yesterday with my elem classmates!
Is Doug E Fresh performing or being a worship leader???
If you didnt win remember you can always buy from me lmao
Its f#ck8ng 3:29 am in my country and im still awake bcs of #B T Soutcast D4 HEYYEYUEUBEUK i think im gonna die tomorrow
Hope to rock this new do. Few mins to go and I'll feel like Ariel-ish. XD hahahahaha
Isn't it weird how two precious characters in my life are named Sky(e)? # paw patrol # total drama
I really want to take this girl out this year... We’ve been talking for like 2 years but we’ve never even met
Can’t to my aunts to play loteria and she’s like I have rum & stuff.... As I’m drinking this twisted tea low key in my yeti cup. LMAO I ain’t shitttt
Honestly wish i was working because maybe my mind would be occupied
Wilson and Jost with the assists on Bourque's first goal of the season! #Go Avs Go
Love how I make alllll this food, and loose my appetite so quick
Not saving boys numbers in 2018. Like sorry who is this? “It’s John” nah pretty sure your name is “973-123-4567”
Getting older is mad wild. Somebody always getting married, someone pregnant, someone in jail for the 3rd time, boy.
So at dinner Lenny & I tried this really good soup. It was actually so good that every time Lenny took a sip he smiled so big. I think he is more in love with that cup of soup than he is with me but it’s ok.
e same time, the rest of the same name by reference. the first one is that it on your phone number is not going
I miss being kissed, being cuddled, being important to someone, but most of all being loved its been a while
“Your tattoo says hat” “It used to say hate, but it decreased my chances of employment, so I had the E removed”
So spaghetti is multiple noodles... is ONE NOODLE called a spaghetto?
There is no plausible reason as to why this is taking so long. The doctor didn’t come to see us for 3 1/2 hours because she was busy transferring a patient. Why does that take so long?
Ryan Huta scores a spectacular goal for the Eagles to tie Woodstock 4-4 late in the 2nd.
Chuck E. Cheese is hell on earth
I can try and be bombastic or poetic with how I say this, but let’s just boil it down to the truth... Making art is fucking incredible.
about to go make a sandwich, but the hungry gonna have to wait for Doug E Fresh #Team Shaggy4 Kids
Can we just start next Monday
i wish xbox gamer kids still liked those shitty overdone 3d banner pics i would be cashin out rn
I sent my bf a booty pic hrs ago and he never replied. Men r trash fr
I need somebodyyyy who’s loves me naked
fck with someone on the same level they fwu
I hope my good man go to that dinner i damn sure tried to convince him
GUYS IF IT IS TAE AND SEOKJIN THEN WE H A V E TO 50/50 IT THATS IS THE SAFEST OPTION FOR NOW WE DIS IT BEFORE THIS SHOULSNT BE A PROBLEM #B T Soutcast D4
She love to get her pussy licked, by anotha’ bitch, cause I ain’t drunk enough to do that.
Atlanta makes it so hard to be a falcons fan.
Signing off for a week. Mecum Auction time. Don't know if we'll come with a new baby. Back online next week!
i can never catch a fucking break honestly
my stomach touching the crack of my ass ohmygawd
Ahh Doug E Fresh shut up now
Wanna love me boy wanna love me boy
It’s crazy how mfs barley gave a fuck about me. Now that I’m doing good and looking GREAT mfs miss me and love me so much all of a sudden.
The problem is not the NHS being somehow inherently flawed. It is chronic underfunding at the hands of conservative governments who believe tax cuts for the wealthy and “getting people off the government dole” are the ways to economic prosperity.
i need to make a pattern when the same issues are recycled on my TL e.g. isu 'maahad tahfiz'comes every 4-5 months? isu hantaran comes 5-6 months?
sad eyes and a missing heart..
why do people act like games and garcia vegas aren’t the same damn thing
Uncle - who’s all going to the party? Me- idk ppl a lot and my friends why Uncle- can I go? Me- shit yeah why not I seen old ppl before
OH MY GOD THE WEAPN YOU UNLOCK FROM ROTHS MISSION IS CALLED 'COPPER LOVE' AND THE DESCRIPTION IS 'ALL YOU NEED IS L.O.V.E' ITS LITER ALYLLY CANCON
Never Ever Call Someone A Munafiq (Hypocrite) Even If S/He Is. That Is Not For U To Say, Judge Or Point Out. Allah Is The Ultimate Judge.
Wodin = Odin. Odin’s Day, Thor’s Day, Freya’s Day = Wednesday, Thursday, Friday.
If you never teared up while listening to a Merrill Reese call we ain't the same
I've now learnt how strong I'm really are and the things which truly matter in my life.
INTALSAT_45.E NEW_CHANNEL BTN_TV FREQ: 11559 V 2144 STARTED MPEG 4 HD TEMP FTA #ReHaN_ALi
new blog and big things coming soon! Follow Potpourr-E
Dang I been in the studio all day ,I'm not even an artist
i get lost when i think abt u
I have to finish my art project for school by tomorrow and half of the paper is still blank Gonna be an a l l n i g h t e r
I’m gonna trip on shrooms tonight
cut my bangs too short, lookin like a wacky lil shroooooom
Dr. Murphy doesn't deserve to be treated horrible
Rams w/ the momentum after that dumbass Ricardo Allen penalty smh.
W/e at least I’ll have 2weeka worth of tips when they finally decide to give them up
Mostly Sunny tomorrow! With a high of 26F and a low of 19F. #Lovettsville Weather
Great team win 59-55 over 2nd ranked team in the state Robert E Lee! Back to work and on to the next!
I rlly be forgetting how funny The Nutty Professor is
I been on the couch online shopping all day i gotta stop
Apple cider or regular apple juice
Can't see the latest info for your port? Search for your departure port using a # & prefix PO (i.e. #P O Dover, etc.) for latest updates
(Wave) SWELL: 1.0 ft at 10.5 s E / WIND WAVE: 5.6 ft at 7.1 s ENE / WVHT: 5.9 ft / APD: 5.6 s / MWD: 74° / 4:04p HST
so chic so ahead of time
I thought football was over already. #T E Nvs K C
Doug E Fresh is in the house! #Team Shaggy4 Kids # n y c # unity of 1
In the past, I've tried my best to please everyone and have regularly had to overcome challenges.
the end of the f***ing world ending has me crying
Procrastination is its the whooshing sound they fly by.
Wind 6.8 mph E. Barometer 1014.1 hPa, Rising slowly. Temperature 2.8 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 67%
KEEP THAT FUCK SHIT FROMM A DISTANCEEEE
For all I know, I'm a bot.
HOW FITTING!!! ON A DAY THAT HEJDUK IS HONORED, A PLAYER NAMED BOURQUE SCORES!!! 1-0 AVS!!! #Go Avs Go #Maul The Mild
C-H-I-E-F-S Choking Horribly In Every Fucking Season
tell me all I got is all I need, tell me you're gonna help me stay and fight
Doug E Fresh!!!!! Really excited for this performance. #Team Shaggy4 Kids
what do you think the less than jake guys are doing rn
20:30 Temp: 52.6 F Chill: 50.3 F Wind:E 8.3 G 13.0 Hum: 71% Bar: 1021.11mb Steady|Rain: Today 0.00", Jan 0.00", 0.00" yr # g t x w x
Me: I miss the first bus I would say that it was like...
I hope you accomplished something wonderful today! If not, just remember, tomorrow is a brand new day! Good night! # Saturday Motivation # Saturday Night # Saturday Evening # Saturday #Happy Saturday #SS
Check the link for more <3 Thank you!
Me vs the guy she told me not AC hundo, but i got a pretty bad headache :c
This is a pretty well down, tomorrow night (CEST) I'll do a Burning Stage blind...
I don't have any social dysfunctions i.e I am normal enough, and I can socialize very well, I just prefer total isolation.
Day 6, no ganja. My Plug and I have a decent relationship, he asked if I left him in 2017. Lol.
I need to learn how to do makeup.
Dang I really wanted the Chiefs to win.
dear streaming fairy and/or david e kelley plz send me all seasons of the underrated and fan favorite boston public i have missed it since it ended in 2004
The FDA exists only for one purpose i.e. to maximize the profitability of the Rockefeller medical empire that controls ALL legislation
I wish my butt was as big as my attitude
A pair of hat tricks were scored tonight in the house that Nancy built, off for E. Crovo and B. Fennell! Truly a great day to be a Red Raider! #Melrose P S
Shoulda ordered some ice cream n pop but I’m strictly on water rn
the end of the fucking world é bom?
if you don’t want to get exposed then WhYTF R U DOING IT IN THE FIRST PLACE.
*is listening to spotify on my speaker* spotify: “wanna break from the ads?” *sprints to the other side of the house to try and get there before the ad ends*
I really did love u, but u were a chain smoker, & I was just another pack of cigarettes.
Sounds crazy, i know, but, think about it, please
Cinnamon toast crunch or plain toast
Cmon now Rico!! You can’t do that
Yo Campion peeps, Doug E Fresh looking like Miss Lynch rn or wha???
He'll live.but he's in no shape to fight. Best to let him rest.
ive been watching this thing and im done with season 1 huhuhuhu
Why waste my breath on something that won’t change
I’m wondering who thought it was fun to let shotguns shoot fire, it’s about to cost me a controller.
What's gotten into you, Chie!? You were with me until a moment ago! Is everyone gonna to start acting like this now!?
Unpopular opinion but—— Mar iah Car e y is so overrated like. I don’t get the hype at all. No thank you.
luv being congested and running out of breath trying to sing my fav songs in the car
I need my friends to turn 21 ..
Acabei de ver "inside out" e como criança que sou chorei. This people it's what happens when you are a VERY emotional person...like ME
The game is playing two songs at the same time p o e t i c
acabei de acaba the end of the fucking world e eu to tipo wtf
Tim Paine will be buying S Marsh's beers for the rest of the summer after that one. # A s h e s # A s h e s 2017
finally got my checkered old skools
laid ease it’s day 4 of my diet and i want to die
“I’m gonna be a bitch to her! I’m not gonna say ‘Good morning!’ at all.”
Aasim has been taking steps for the past two days but when you look he drop down and start crawling
They gon be ready to rumble each other in a minute
Y’all a whole lotta things, but you still ain’t this
just watched all of The End of the F***ing World in one hit and boy am I Shook
Im even listening to Arirang BTS version. Save me
So who can stop me if I decide That you're my destiny?
Wish that Plymouth had a JJ’s because I N E E D their bread in my life right now
Just to know that I'm safe I'm a grateful man.
need anime gf to help support my 300 children
#N X T Award Overall vote gonna be for #Bobby Roode . He did take NXT to take a next level & made the NXT championship Glorious
fam came to chuck e cheese and i forgot how much i hate kids
timmy is always going on about how he works with good directors and good storytellers so if i hear him praise w*ody allen..
The one who broke the spell
I be bullshitting kill that’s my problem
This leotard cuttin everywhere man I hate these shirts but gotta million of’em
Cornell hangs on to beat Quinnipiac 1-0 on another Yates goal.
The unemployment rate for black Americans is at its lowest in 45 years... 4.1%. Keep up the good work Trump...
Strong people choose to forgive and move forward.
Lmao some shit is just too funny to me .
When ur having a meltdown breakdown and ur mom comes in ur room. Mom: hey Me: Jin or taehyung!! Mom: what Me: E X A C T L Y #B T Soutcast D4
I really want to have lunch so that I can drive down to Hamilton already and settle in for the week
A New Dawn... Michael C E Kingsley #Michael_Kings #Prince_of_Love #NELIS
Doug E Fresh was born in Barbados. You know he’s Caribbean when he comes on and says “Good Night”. #Team Shaggy4 Kids
E. S. till a nigga die
Being an avid salad eater got me nothing but E. Coli
had a good ass day w my lady
Ask yourself "Do you deserve this treatment?"
All my art stuff is in my sisters car and I'm ready to d i e
I literally don't understand a word that my cab driver is saying so I'm alternating between affirmative "mhm" and sympathetic "mmm"
She know why she came here.
I know im going to wake up tomorrow and miss my weave
Timothée Chalamet (I have no opinions about him since I haven't seen him in anything but interviews) but he has the facial structure to pull off a young Joker, since I saw something about him being Nightwing
Marisa is about to change my life with her skin care tips MAKE MY SKIN THOTTIE
Overwatch comp makes me so nervous honestly
this man will not let me use his charger lmao.
Feeling finally coming back to my fingers and I’m in so much pain trying not to overdose
Now before anyone gets on my case I have no doubts these are hard working people who mean well. I can’t imagine what they have been through. I am complaining about this broken ass health care system we have. It’s atrocious! Useless!
Just picked up some Carolyn’s Kitchen
in an eternal state of R E F R E S H M E N T
I’ve had the worst fucking day
I’m driving and Cali yelling my name so I turn the music down and she says “Dada I wanna drive” man what!
See you mustard that I spit that relish ... but ketchup - Lady E lmaooo
Im so obbssed with #The Ranch can’t believe I’m on the last season wishing it can continue
Yo girl just got the iPhone X bitches!
#GMRS t-shirt, listening to Rebirth, hustle til my feet hurt, Ghosttown free Curt.
Y’all saying that I changed but I changed for the better
Sorry. Can't, I got no clean clothes.
Don’t sleep on the new NERD album guys
just my onion but adam driver looks scary with facial hair
In need of a sweet tea but I don’t wanna leave my house.
Dr Ben Carson has the best take on political correctness. My twitter will not let me load any youtube videos. I love Shirley Temple and she should never be banned for political correctness. Temple became active in the Republican Party in California. maybe that is why
NO 19 MIN 28 Q1 3:00 Jimmy Butler lost ball turnover (E'Twaun Moore steals) P:6 R:4 A:3 S:1 B:0 T:0 FD:18.3 DK:18.0
just gonna make something to eat & relax
too bad that i’m scared of love
Designating your level of security for you own personal firewall is imperative
Is it acceptable to wear a onesie downtown? Because I’m really debating it
u don't even know how merciless i am
Jennie called Rosé her hubby then Rosé called Jennie her wifey, and the other ships? Sank.
I’m not ready for school to start in a day....
My little brother calls Chuck E. Cheese “chunkin cheese” and it’s the cutest thing ever
This coffee is the only thing keeping me alive
Creme of Aragon thank you for helping my edges grow.
I’m in for the night though & I’m off tomorrow
950 region [名]地方 The people live in the desert region .
acabou o summer love entre crowley e dean #Supernatural No S B T
big hero 6 on disney channel
Don't say you rich if you ballin an your dawg starving
I’m just trying to treat you like a Queen
My family trippin on my fb post
lol my phone must be broke
“Hey folks! Just drove in and BOY are my wheels T I R E D” Folks: (there are no folks)
IN A REMATCH..... GOODZ OR HEADI.C.E??
LeBron e Wade errando demais o Step-Back nesse 4th Qtr
Give you a show just because I know your watching .
every single day i wait until 3am for a 30-60 second clip of loona . thats how deeply invested i am .
From the Creators of "Undercover High".... it's "Undercover DayCare" where we put camera-equipped toddlers in day care across the country and let them bite it out. From A&E.... #Live P D #Live P DNation
Would you love me in a Benz? Would you love me on a bus? I'll ask 21 questions and they're all about us..
the thing is i'm on a plane back to america rIGHT in the middle of when night 5 updates i'm gonna d i e of anxiety on the plane
good morning have a blessed sunday
Just got home and getting ready to hit the town for my bitches birthday!
I'm playing but shitposting elsewhere so I won't bother people here lmao #B T Soutcast D4
Convinced cigarette smokers dont get cold bc wtf bro
Since Bruce Weber sucks, royals aren’t trying this year, and USA is not in the World Cup... I guess it will be nice not to be emotionally invested in sports until Cats Football next year.
Half the mfs mad about Mama E’s got roaches. I don’t get it.
okay lets try this again smh
I cant even watch the game smh
And whatever you do, whether in word or deed, do it all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God the Father through him. Col 3:17
Felippe é everything I need and more
Maybe QBSHEJ thinking if they gonna buy T-ARA or gonna pull out like highlight. But I really think if that's the case they will buy it, instead of making new. :/
the day trey Richards acknowledges I’m the sexiest woman alive it’s over for u
hmm ..thats what i thought u said, now lemme offer this as a rebuttal
why tf does my phone auto dim ???? and how tf can i stop this shit
Earring in her tongue and she know what to do with it.
SOMEBODY TOUCHA MY s p a g e t
I live in a fucked up world but my country is something else ... can’t believe I have to live these # Surviving
Anybody keep a recipe around for Broiled Steak Seasoning? Just need the ratios or w/e.
I’m a little freaked out that my nephew’s voice dropped and it’s lower than mine
How to invent fantasy names, a guide. Step 1: Think of a common word. e.g. sundial Step 2: Replace random vowels with 'y'. Step 3: Congratulations on your new fantasy city name: Sundyl.
My money long baby ain’t no need to see id
fun fact: im turning 20 this year and i still dont have a dream
Wished Corey Haim lived to tell his side of what he went thru #A Tale Of Two Coreys
Excuse me Netflix, the shows name is Anne, not Anne with an E, and it belongs to the CBC. How dare you.
if stranger things doesn’t win tomorrow at the golden globes, im suing
Heard it couple of times and many more if i can read minds. I'm not the fun one but i listen.
And people in her chat was saying "k3k" and "reeeeee", which are 4ch4n memes. (replace the 3 with an "e") (and the second 4 with a "a")
You said you was down to ride, now you my enemy..
Haven't seen baby boo in 3 days and we live together lol # grind life
i can’t even play “hard-to-get.” i’m already “hard-to-want.”
Duke is an NBA team, as in. Duke will try to score 100, and play no defense in the process
Din bay may battleground sa rxs
I know it’s been over a decade since the Rams been in the playoffs but I’ma need them to get it together.
i just looked at apartments in LA for like an hour and a half and i am g e e k e d for the future, dawgggg.
You ride for me I ride for you
I heard "Smoke weed." from my inkling girl. Thank you for your advise.
"Feel the wrath of Mr. Gnome!" I am the only black person in a room of folks watching Turbo Boy. Lord.
what a beautiful lady....C H E W
Your government ain’t why your he e nor mine staff.
I normally don’t even jump during scary movies, but I jumped during this one lol.
The black man was innocent but he got shot due to emotions. The bitch lied HE DEAD
Hip Hop OG Doug E. Fresh!
[First time trying on pants] "And what are these? Leg bags?" No sir they're pockets "P O C K E T S" Yes sir "For muffins?" For many things sir
everyone who thinks it's jimin D E A C T I V A T E
#Biss Key ASIASAT-7/105.5'E CHANNL 4 MPEG_4/HD/FTA STARTED FREQ:3902 V 2963 (C-BAND) N-TV NEWS Removed Form ASIASAT-7/105.5'E
any e girls want my snap im cute
As the NYT article states, the problem with the NHS right now is that they are underfunded, not that the system itself is inherently flawed. They have people *using their services*. That seems way better than folks dying from treatable illness for fear of the cost.
Don't Act Hard If You're Soft As Hell.
running out of time to hold you close.
If anyone knows of any good places to get your nails done around BP or somewhere not too far from there lmk I wanna take my momma, it’s her birthday and she’s never gotten her nails done please and thank you
Carter saw a little girl on my IG and was like “OoOoOo” grabbed my phone and started kissing the screen #KING
Update: I just finally took that third shot I had waiting on me. My dad said no more shots I’m done until half time .
Gorgeous man is Cole!! Also filmed at Whistler Mt in BC # love on the slopes
During these 5 hours I have only seen one doctor come in. I had to go tell one nurse vitals on my mom weren’t good because she didn’t check on us at all. One nurse was incredibly grouchy. Answers come so slowly.
Beat:E1, BURGLARY - UNOCCUPIED STRUCTURE ON RESIDENTIAL PROPERTY at 1XX BLOCK OF BROADWAY E reported on 1/6/2018 5:36 PM, Call# 18000007116
It’s lit, F E E L the buzz
Ima leave her ass at D&B
18 DAYS UNTIL WE MOVE INTO OUR APARTMENT
This Birthday Slay Is Gonna Be R E D I C U L O U S #10 More Days
#Wrong Times To Laugh At a funeral *Shows up to your loved one's funeral dressed as a giant pickle
OSS tho y’all remember when Nicki was like “ Watch Your Man, You Should Watch Your Mouth” and then like a week after she found out offset was allegedly cheating Act like y’all ain’t catch that
you only act right for who you want.
So here's how my chrushes work. I see a person and I just realize I would happily stare at them forever. That's all. I have like two celebrities crushes because of that.
I wish this nigga take his ass home
If she's holding her hair in her AVI avoid her.
Windows, Meltdown and Spectre: Keep calm and carry on
Pressure - forces exerted by a liquid on a plane area : P = F/A P = density x g x h
I NEVER FOLD! Please Understand That! So Continue To Try Ever Trick In Book Until You Run Outta Ideas!
#B T Soutcast D4 Maybe, we control Yoongi/ we are Yoongi
I can't drink I can only drink r o o t b e e r
everyone has those days where you honestly just look ugly besides the dolan twins they a r e n t real
it’s not over. it’s not finished. it’s not the end. it’s only the beginning. #thankyou God
And I guess I am partially responsible for this.
Probably time to admit that I was wrong about Tim Paine and the Marsh bros.
I always go into the Duke/NCSU game anticipating an upset. Always seems inevitable. Smh.
I hate been a crappy person.
Just as I thought my self esteem was going up some shit has to bring it down.
when u are the last person who has replied to all ur convos etc it is time to go to sleep. thats what pingu said no printer just fax
1.1(makeup): Snow, Nancy E., "Compassion," American Philosophical Quarterly, Vol. 28 No. 3 (Jul., 1991), pp. 195-205.
ma fave buttered shrimp for luuunch!!
They have the coolest computers on #Black Mirror
I like being cold. There I said it
Oooh you and me would be a big conversation
The end of the fucking world é foda dmsss mds
Learn to love without condition. Talk without bad intention. Give without any reason. And most of all, care for people without any expectation. #Wansa J F P Bad Intention
Can't stand a know it all
i wonder if my head ass tweets make me sound desperate but idc and im not because i dont remember the last time ive slid on anyone dms
So namjoon knows the "creator" #btsoutcast D4
can we go back to adrenaline
Ok if someone wants to be friends HMU bc I wanna meet new people, promise I’m nice
Lay yoooo head on my pillow.
I like my girls just like I like my honey.... sweet
It’s Saturday. The 1st week of our New Year! Revamp, reboot and re-energize for the 2nd “Kick butt” week!
there's nothing like Real L O E
Was really split on my selection but I vote for #N X T Award Male to be #Aleister Black
Welp, work felt like a disaster today. Kept screwing up and getting chewed out for it
If you lie on your dick you a lame ahhhh nigga
Save the dates are out Almost all decorations are bought Started on wedding slideshow 8 more months
You will never be able to speak your mind without offending somebody, but so what?! it's the ones who get offended that needed to hear the shxt!
This whole 5 degrees shit is outta pocket.
It is hilarious when eh players talk smack and get technicals, i.e. John Henson.
Did I say My videos? I meant the XKeeper's videos that I stole 90% of, oops.
i’d give you the world if i could
My 2 year old son does anything bad? Who gives a shit he can’t reach important shit
I tell my 8 year old son “No,” and he does __________ anyway, Ima get that belt.
My Saturday night consists of watching documentaries of Hitler wooo hooo i am lame
exos best title track just came on shuffle
My ex has shown me why using niggas and not falling in Love is vital
pt 2 : maybe try not carrying as much hatred and displeasure with you into the world -- just a thought
Not certain that Alexander Johnson isn’t a Disney Prince in real life. #U S Champs2018
I have actually talked myself out of going to see a doc when it was probably necessary because I didn’t want to worry about the co-pay, or couldn’t afford it at the time.
Wind 0.9 mph (E) gusting to 2.0 mph. Temperature 57.2 F (WindChill 57.2/HeatIndex 57.2). Humidity 082%. Rain Today: 0.00in
You ever Felt Betrayed By The Person Who Says They Love You ?
So I was reading this book on wattpad called Genius AND A BITXH IS SHOOK. lmao I had so many emotions it was a controversy in my mind. I was to fight him, slap her and shake them both but I genuinely felt okay at the end haha.
I don't wanna miss you like this,come back be here
I still love Patrick Mahomes. That is all.
ethan is a precious human that deserves the whole world .
guys who are cat people are attractive as fuck
just an fyi, Monica Geller was a fucking b a b e
Was really hoping for 2018 to exist without people blasting music aloud in buses, and subways. But noooooooÖooöoooooÖ
Trying not to hate niggas all 2018.
-i forgot how funny twitter is lol
Jake Gyllenhaal, Joseph Gordon Levitt, Chris Pratt, Chadwick Boseman in IT2???? Yes please!!!!!
might as welll go back to sleep, nothing else to do
Don't do anything for me if you're gonna throw it back in my face. Yes , I appreciate it but no , I'm not obligated to be your puppet. You might as well not have done it with that attitude
[TV] London Entertains (TalkingPictures TV) Sun, Jan 14, 6:00 AM 1951. Musical Comedy. Director E J Fancey. Starring Eamonn Andrews and th..
Everybody that I meet swear that they gone hold it down.
What ever happened to nice tits?
*it's like a British version of Caytlin Jenner...
I guess I can't really do anything to make myself seem even MORE desperate...
Aaron Donald is the 2nd best player in the NFL after Aaron Rodgers.
me: idk what i wanna do right now........ my brain: maybe you could write that story some more? me: oh MAN what a fuckin KNEE SLAPPER!! GOD DAMN YOURE SO FUNNY!!!! WOOOOOOOOO
The past can’t be erased. You either get over it and move on or get stuck in it
Guys I’ve run into a problem, while grabbing Dark Knight out of our DVD chest I realized we’ve lost the third Batman. Someone please bring it to my house within the next 2 hours or my night is ruined
There's a starman waiting in the sky and i'm off to bed.Nighty night.
I cleaned the whole house cause I was bored lmao...
I can’t even say it’s all good because it’s not all good. My life is over
Am I the only one weary about this Supsect being African American ...
We have been at this hospital for 5 1/2. It took 2 1/2 hours to get her chest X-ray. 3 1/2 hours to see a doctor. 4 hours for my mom to get medicine. Probably 6+ hours to get her in her room.
MAKE DREAMS INTO REALITIES LIKE HOW JIN IN ALL OF HYYH AND EVEN LOVE YOURSELF WANTING TO TURN BACK TIME WITH THE GIRL #B T Soutcast D4
I master w/e I put my mind to
Fell in love with drug money and chains
Thank God the weak hoe unfollwed me
tried to get closure but I still want her..great!
I’m always hungry fuck is up
I probably won’t end up doing anything though
It’s 3:24 and I’m awake so let’s talk about this illustration a bit more. Okay the two main characters of it are the cute blondie and the hot long haired boie who wears the coolest tm leather jacket
when will i have my dream twitter handle i have my dream tumblr url its only a matter of time
i’m e m o t i o n a l
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way
tryna remember what I did last night HAHAHA
I aint see my hoodrat joint today cuz Iont feel like going on da south side
We have time don’t vote unless your absolutely sure. Discuss with armys and look over the whole tread for clues #B T Soutcast D4
So, I close my eyes to old ends...and open my heart to new beginnings
ASIASAT-7/105.5'E CHANNL 4 MPEG_4/HD/FTA STARTED FREQ:3902 V 2963 (C-BAND) N-TV NEWS Removed Form ASIASAT-7/105.5'E #DishTricks_4u
ASIASAT-7/105.5'E LIFE NEWS MPEG_4/HD/FTA RE-STARTED FREQ:4070 H 2963 (C-BAND) #DishTricks_4u
Can’t believe i denied pizza today :(
Yo, where’s Christmas at? I miss Santa
(But Betsy and Jason's 'You Matter To Me' took me to another universe G R A B E E E E E E ang dami ko lang talaga feelings for drew/jessie)
A mf dont care about you if they’re not encouraging you to do better!
ffs of course it picks someone that doesnt follow me
My birthday is a month away and have no clue what I want to do
bai i can hear cats wth
I wanna chose Jin but I'm not sure #B T Soutcast D4
liam neeson liam neeson’s knees son liam neeson’s knees on his niece on e’s on a nissan
do you ever listen to someone voice and just feel so safe ?
I know people in the US for whom, if this same situation happened, would be bankrupted by the eventual bill from the ambulance company. Actual medical emergencies go untreated because of worries about cost.
Tired of seeing the invisible hits to ryans head
*While filling out the IGLC 2018 Application form* *Reads: Key College Academic Recognition/Awards* Ohh gaad close close, delete IGLC2019Applform.doc
my ¬ a e s t h e t i c s
are u sure u wanna party w the demons
i just realized lil miquela never changes her hair
Gonna miss my hair color. shet.
Make a child, a child, a forest Make a child, make a child, make a forest
"A walking catastrophe" well, it's a something. Maybe Cole's heroic instincts to save Alex from herself will kick in soon. #Love On The Slopes
Sometimes I wish I could just run away and never come back...
Since namjoon has an iq of we dont have ... maybe he hacked the game and discovered who is behind the game .... So we are left with tae and jin. But what if they really arent it? What if someones just using them too?
Wow I got the Clash, AIC, PJ, the Smiths and Motörhead pins at my local vintage shop.
Y’all keep saying D. y k. e. s don’t die, what about Cleo?
i was so afraid of dating and relationships and then you came around and i suddenly want to have the experience of what love actually feels like
Letting you go is not an easy thing to do ....
My man and I work so much we haven’t seen e/o in like a lil over a week but tonight we get to see e/o # cake y y y
Are we just gonna talk about how good Aaron Donald is the e n t i r e game?
(Wave) SWELL: 0.3 ft at 11.8 s E / WIND WAVE: 2.0 ft at 2.9 s NNE / WVHT: 2.0 ft / APD: 3.0 s / MWD: 33° / 8:59p EST
Im out at 9th place damn... not even salty cus i played my best and i did better then expected yeet
My Lil Brother Left The House On His Bike And Came Back With My Favorite Starbucks Drink! Guys My Heart
Remember me in your prayers Fajr Zuhr Maghrib Asar Isha No matter wherever we are
Someone just sent me a picture of their butthole y’all play too much
Remember when the Packers kept Dom Capers and didn’t bring in Wade Phillips? Fun. I’m sure passing on Fangio for Darren Perry won’t haunt us either.
I wanted to put the most expensive gas in my car today cause the price was my grandma and mines number :). I miss her so much!!
The way God works tho!!! Just yesterday I was with no option on a very important (urgent) issue.. Today, I’m spoilt for choice.. like!!! Thank you Jesus. Decisions..Decisions..
Bitch so ugly in person I’m mad
Just realized I have free NBC & SVU episodes on my roku omg
I still got them post notifications on. lord when am I gone move on?
RB2 Relay finishes 12th!! Manion, R. Jones, O. Henderson, & E. Henderson!!
Stop the torture on katti mahesh your fans threatening publicly in social media and out.
I need an od iced out watch
Being goofy and having a broad sense of humor is attractive. I laugh at everything so feel me?
This house arrest shit is starting to piss me off
I pray and ask God for clarity
The money these kids are making on YouTube is fucking disrespectful.
Jk I’ll never stoop that low
Tenho que ver d4rk e the end of fucking world
I'm not going to have actual internet for 2 weeks because my father is an asshole and refuses to budget our money effectively and I'm so b o o o o o o o r e d d d d d d
yoshiki is O N L I N E, let's hope he sees my acc rate
YOU GUYS WE GOTTA JUST CONSTANTLY MAKE IT 50/50 BECAUSE ITS MORE THAN LIKELY BOTH OF THOSES HEADASSES
Won my 2nd account hit MGE
she don’t love you, she’s just lonely
No stream next Friday or Saturday (the 12th and 13th), I'll be busy with Honors Band. Stream schedule will most likely pick back up Sunday. Thanks! # twitch
The US economy is booming under the Trump administration... Every single day a new stock-market is set.
If you're a poet, you'll write a story or a poem due to your unexplainable feelings.
I’ll remember that when she needs her hair dyed , needs advice , needs somebody to go to the cafe with and needs somebody to walk with
seryoso trending bts outcast sa twitter today? hahahaha omg
I hate the fact that me & oomf went our seperate ways & i still find myself using his lingo talking just like his dumbass
Cavs really Finna blow this 20 point lead to the MAGIC
I somehow find, you and i collide
Who did James Franco pay off to have his expose shelved for a while? Maybe journalists have to add so much to it that it's still being worked on.
Yayoi it's puff puff pass, not puff puff scream
I can’t believe that the Titans won that game. Its an Epiphany miracle! Much respect Mariota.
Guarantee any label with be happy to have me omm
they say they keepin it when they really keepin it
"The three most important documents a free society gives are a birth certificate, a passport, and a library card." — E.L. Doctorow
E depois fico do tipo" sorry, I'm emotionally unstable atm"
I just gave myself the best retail therapy anyone could ever ask for
two of my nails broke in the space of an hour am gonna scrimmm
GON ON AND SLAM AND WELCOME TO THE SPACE JAM
I need to get out the fucking house
My standards for how I look in public have gotten so low over the last year... I’m one step away from pajama pants at the store
Checking my email, seeing what notifications I’ve got, pinning things on pinterest with a glass of red wine.
you so fucking precious when u smile
Real live wish I could go back in time and re live certain shit
Always start your day with a lot of S E X : S-mile E-nergy X-citement. So make SEX a daily habit!
Somehow Atlanta will blow this lead.
When you have money to buy cigarettes but not your basic needs e.g. food # w i l l n e v e r u n d e r s t and these people # just saying
"What meme was that" Nothing. I just made that up. "Hooohohoh you funny BITCH"
When you believe God for something take a step back and allow him to be God. Let him work
My nigga E coming to save the day
B reak Yo Chest - Star E nemy Fire - Bea Miller T rainwreck - Demi Lovato H oneymoon Avenue - Ariana Grande
As much as I say I can't wait to graduate I'm gunna miss the fuck outta Walsh
What is the first thing you can do to have fun? And why is it crab racing?
i'm going to sleep goodnight all
You can hate me all you want to I still love you!
Gee, I wonder who will be first star tonight? #N H L Bruins #Bruins Fam #Because Its Bergeron
I deserved to be happy now. I guess.
I miss when they were a proper band
Sack no Matt Ryan! Aaron Donald e Michael Brockers!
ainda mais adulto e maduro, eu vi por the greatest showman!!!!
Yo what happened to that kid with the glasses singing with his cousin beat boxing in the background? Where the album at?
When the announcers say PJ Washington was a huge fan of the John Wall team...in 4th grade...I now feel ancient.
That song that makes me think of you. On repeat.
Although we’ve had two deaths in the family today, I still made sure my mom had a great birthday.
Don’t make jokes about things that still really hurt people :) thanks
W e have dysfunctional administration run by a dysfunctional president and Pence and the GOP fully support his actions.
Can Hollywood please stop making movies about creepy obsessive white men and calling it art I am T I R E D
eu amo a fic do Fifth Harmony e Charlie Walk
I’ve been looking for some pictures I printed out a month ago and just barely realized I had put them in an album
“You saw my worst side. I nearly saw yours. Despite of that, we still chose to stay.”
God I want the best for everybody I no! My intentions are good god! I don’t hate no one I got love for everybody
|| So, some friends follow Eve's "adventures"... And I got one of them to watch Deadpool. My mission here has been accomplished.
Imma Fuck E City Up For Viking Fest..All Positive Vibes..I’m Showin All Love Even To Mfs I Don’t Fuck Wit
## r e l a t i o n
It's so cold outside, my joints are hurting and locking up. # elderly millennia l
Hoes Hateeeeeee That big block shit
Hi, please watch the film ' UNREST' on PBS January 8th to help bring awareness to M.E. we need more research. Thank you
And I'm all out of hand.
also im watching A Single Man for the first time and im not ready for colin to make me bawl my eyes out
Clean house and lasagna in the oven
Clone Wars S1, E 1 will never get old. The wisdom of Yoda at its best.
It’s never too late to start loving yourself
My favorite freshman year memory was when ***** **** used ****** for ****** from **** ******
Never believe a word they say. Family or not
im on for the s2 but im not ready yet wehe
She said “I’m not a junkie. I’m a black belt”
maybe my love, will come back someday
sneef sneef to all the shithead boys who I had the displeasure of interacting with and who ended up playin n missin out on fab me n my supreme bants X sucks 3 be u
TAE ITWEET KO NA BA BUONG LYRICS NG ALL OUT OF LOVE??? TAGOS E, TAGOS i’m all out of love, im so lost without you
I guess we’re embracing these chicken let’s Tonight
Gimme this vegeta vs jiren goodness
Im really liking Persona 4 Golden so far
The Grove has all of my favorite stores
EPL on RTM? How is that can be achieved?
Magic got this thing down to 5
Jas on here dropping gems that I taught her. I’m proud of my daughter! lol
That fufu lame shit I ain’t wit it
I wish E Michael Jones would get a Twitter account.
Aptece bue responder a esse tt e dizer: "conta-me", but you know...
Look me in my eyes and see a soul so recklessssss
#N X T Award Female vote goes to the undefeated and undisputed # As u k a
To the girl at the acapella concert...in a church...drinking a beer...using her hat as a koozie............I am inspired by you.
im watching the lion king for the first time. im 22 minutes in, and i dont see the hype. will give updates.
That movie “Alpha” that’s coming out, looks great.
So, I printed out 850 photos for a scrapbook of my time in college, and sorting through them, I am feeling more nostalgic than ever before. It goes by fast, kids. Cherish every moment.
Theft Ln W Yonge S Elm & Ln E Bay S Elm [52 Div.] 01/06 21:10 #Old_Toronto
finished everything i needed to get done today; acquired source for a potential festivids treat
Not explaining what the middle passage was
"My Song" by H.E.R is an amazing song
I'm really uninterested in Red Sparrow, maybe it's the fact that I deeply dislike the star
TRCNG will perform Utopia in Inkigayo today !! ^^ i'm curious what kind of outfit for Utopia perform today
I STARTED LIKING AND RETWEETING LIKE EVERYTHING ON MY FEED LIKE DAMN THIS SHIT FRESH TODAY FHDJKSKD I WAS JUST ON SOMEONE'S ACC I DIDN'T EVEN REALISE AND NOW I SEEM LIKE A STALKER BY E
Runaway by Bon Jovi has the hypest intro
Well I wanted to step out tonight but bitch I am TIYAD.
I have a serious case of puppy fever right now
the anime gods have no mercy for me today.... the ccs prologue ep was E M O
i'm still trying to make learn & make my own videos but keep failing & with my luck i will finally learn fan we dinna need it I.E we win indy lol
Listen.......... In-N-Out fries are really bad "Bbbbut but but the animal style fries!" I hear you say Listen........... Anything's good when you coat it in cheese and sauce
Still get chills when I hear the prayer from Boondock Saints.
Did you miss me? No? Anyone? Hello, am I speaking out loud? Hello?
After 5 Seasons in my King of the Hill watch I finally hit an episode I never seen.
I am the definition of a crazy cat lady..
Its deadass 9 degrees out. LOL
Luke Bryan and NF next month.... SO READY
Ooof Wozniacki double fault and losing the first game of 2nd set...doesnt look good. #A S B Classic
Y'all hoes be putting these niggas through hell for nothing
Once again I am in the lowest point of my life where I have to pick myself up again.
Should I stay or should I go
I think that somehow we never do that they come from them killed.
I’ve reached “seriously researching best coats for pugs” dog mom status
Tom DeLonge still owns my ass
The two most important days in your life. The day you are born, and the day you figure out why. —Mark Twain
i forgot what it felt like to just be angry
good evening i am about to kms bc i am all alone at a party and i don’t know a n y o n e
kindle e textbooks are too futuristic for me
Is this how it’s supposed to work? Twitter being a place to rant and be humorous?
i just put my hair in the most disrespectful "ponytail" i've ever had in my entire life. i was screaming internally the whole time. + i'm leaving it like this too. LMAO
how cold it is outside makes me very grumpy
For each channel with your head of growth having built up a basic understanding of how each channel works and cultivating a culture of curiosity, oriented around hypothesis development, testing, and iteration to help your company maintain growth. 4/4
Breaking Bad marathon on AMC! #Breaking Bad
stOPVLAMBKOD IM SO WEAK FOR SNOWBOARDERS THIS IS NOT OKAY
H- o l d O- n P- a i n E- n d s.
Someone pack my bags for Vegas pls # what do i wear
My daughter is running all over the house looking for the rice bag (that gets heated in the microwave) to help with the pain in her foot that is so bad she can't walk on it. She has no idea why I'm laughing. # pa renting # love my kid
You gotta Believe before you can Trust
Would a water bender be able to control their nut?
I’m pissed I stained my shirt ...
Ja me aconteceu e fuck thats the best thing fr # l r t
Meu Tweet preferido é o do every website is a dating website if you use it long enough
Only reason why I don’t support them is coz of the amount of bs they put in their reports. Their articles are whack too so idk if it’s true that Japan’s looking into arresting him for real
All I’m really aftaaaa is luv n affection
i had a crush on moose from step up
Yards is playing justice D. A. N. C. E... Is justice popular now?
but, it really made a scar to my life
I’ve always wanted to go to a fancy dress party
My sister is watching the wizard of Oz. Apparently she hasn't seen it before.
i don't understand how mr.krabs listen music with his eyes
I rather be in a ship as a slave during the middle passage than drink fireball
Last night I had a dream that someone bought me a pack of matches. This morning, for the first time in 6 months, someone gave me a pack of matches
Ride the dick like a BMX
i wanna start a kingsman gc but no one would join bc no one likes me HAHAHA
Really wish I had someone to take care of me when I'm feeling like dodo! :(
“Fuck it, that mentality only lasts for so long, then you go to jail”
this lyft driver is a HOT MESS
i really be asking my cat how her day was like we’re finna start discussing
#Biss Key ASIASAT-7/105.5'E LIFE NEWS MPEG_4/HD/FTA RE-STARTED FREQ:4070 H 2963 (C-BAND)
However I will miss you, San Diego
Never met someone so amazing in my life
I miss Cody so much, everything sucks
If anyone needs 1 for 2k tomorrow hmu
RT to win some snow from my driveway
I got Hulu, Amazon & Netflix... I need a new binge worthy show to watch. Any suggestions # black t wit t e r ?
Don't bring up the past of a person who's trying to improve their future.
Donald Trump suggests he wants US law to limit free speech in wake of publication of explosive ne... That salacious book is filled with lies written by the sleazy liar, Michael Wolff.
does um someone wanna marry me
Consider yourself lucky that I'm choosing to behave.
my record for this week was dua lipa (self titled) and the song of the week genesis, i miss her
See I knew I wasn’t supposed to eat salad, the one salad I like literally the only salad I like I can’t have because of the E. coli break out in romaine lettuce
Waiting someone to care about me
Because nothing makes me happier, and nothing makes me sadder, than you.
#Alexander Lee On S P S good luck Xander & Edgar!
#3 Men And A Ladder coming to A&E this fall. #Live P D
i wish i could hear your voice again i wish you were still here
sharing music as a form of intimacy. yes?
Woollim gave their other artists long promotions for their comebacks if infinite only gets 1-2 weeks promotion I swear I'm going to start a war with wlm
halsey e g-eazy q feat da porra
now it’s different because it’s a genre you can’t tolerate ???? give me a b r e a k
I love Jiro hes so cut e and kinda dumb but thats cute too
I really didn’t want to do this on my own
Most touching national anthem I have ever been a part of. TCU and KU fans singing it together. Simply beautiful. Rock Chalk!
Me right now: OMG I haven’t done this in so long! How do I even Twitter? # what even ist wit t e r
acabei de assistir The End of the F***ing World e estou tipo??????????? wtf
I swear Winter Break started like three days ago
First time browsing on SnapChat through Riahs phone... Ouke ofo ile lē ka'e a kou kelefogi ma le cheers so'o ma kou fagu se.
second water bottle she threw away on thursday she asked me if i was "done with the water bottle" and i said yes not knowing she meant done done i.e she threw it away
Instead of Anti-smoking ads showing cigarettes that turn into monsters in science class or w/e they should just show one guy who is exhausted after the daunting task of plugging in an HDMI cord
Wittenburg Fire is responding to a Possible Structure Fire at: SHURTAPE TECHNOLOGIES INC / 8510 NC 90 HWY E Taylorsville. Please use caution in the area!
Every damn day this guy bitches
*Puts on her ribbon and smiles* #Chitoge Bot
Bucks SWEEP Sparty in E Lansing 5-3! #Go Bucks
-tossu with Mary- "We are Medusa!"
The #Swan Queen in your eyes, oh no I've said too much, I haven't said enough
the end of the fucking world é bom demaiss lek
I'm here for the #Pure Magic from the #305
My coworker: *does nothing all day* *takes extra long lunch break* *takes 10 minute break right when she returns from lunch* *takes 30 minute break instead*
It’s time to let it all go
Not doing girlfriend shit for niggas I don’t date
The end of the fucking world é MUITO submarine
Having a tattoo on my forearm has set me up for a lifetime of not so gentle, blood draws. “He endures that, he’ll be fine”
ITS NAMJOON. YALL REMEMBER THIS #B T Soutcast D4
I don’t want nobody else but you
the burden that I've been carrying is gone
Pendejo boyyyyy you got it coming for you
William is so good to me and it’s disgusting because I’m an annoying shit lol
you’ve got to be kidding me
You peasants really drink fireball.....not having a dad really fucked ya up
I definitely have the market cornered on Grandmother’s names: my great grandmother’s were Mable, Myrtle, Henrietta, and Violet, and my grandmothers were Hilda and Gaynelle.
Wanna be with you but too lazy and shy to go and crash at yours
So because Ive been vomiting and I passed out my sister wanna ask me if I’m pregnant ... BITCH I don’t feel sick anymore bye !
Me: I want to meet a guy and go on a date. Guy: Want to grab dinner and drinks? Me: TBH I really just want to stay home and watch Netflix alone. WHY AM I LIKE THIS!?
Depression and obsession doesn't mix well I'm poisoned and my body doesn't feel well
Why hasn't there been a modern television retelling of Greek myths? Archie comics, fairytales, but no Zeus and his lovers?...nobody take that idea
I really need them to pull off an upset
"I can't get that stupid Snatch song out of my head. It's not even a song, it's just a kazoo". -Laura
H.O.P.E. : Have Only Positive Expectations . #Sunday Funday
I finally cut my long nails but they feel like tree stumps... I am a true dyke now
Tamboura, Bursera Come winds of the Norwegian Sea Appliances, vulvitis Et qua laminitis E le'o to me
My mom had a rough day so my dad cooked her dinner, put it on a tray with a glass of wine and took it to her in bed. I want that LOVE.
A bit so tired of crying bro
Forgot all about that I’m off tomorrow but I might pick up time if I feel better
Cause stg i wasn’t walking to the store
Nobody would survive half the shit John McClane does in the Die Hard films
My back is fucked and Jacks body has decided that 1 day before schools go back after 14 days off is the best time to get poorly
My stress level just went from 0 to 100 in the matter of a second...
Other than my chapter traditions and service in last 4 years I haven’t socially celebrated a Founders Day so this should be fun
Ten more days til my birthday y'all... Woo-hoo....
If u saw me rt that Logan Paul arrest news earlier I unrted it coz I checked out the link and it’s by The fucking Sun, one of the least credible news source
I have the stomach bug and every time I get in Snapchat people keep posting pics of food on their stories and I legit watch them then run to the bathroom at the thought of that
Words are in my head that i cannot actually describe
terminei the end of f***ing world e to ???
With this movie pass I’ll legit go watch movies by myself.
This friend—imagine Chidi from the Good Place but like, cool and less indecisive—called me one afternoon, slurring his words, saying “I don’t feel well.” I went down to his flat to find him prone in the hallway.
I’m literally trying to get AWAY from my family. They are not doing shit and that really is stressful when you sit back and observe shit. My immediate family, that’s a dif story.
Honestly i could care less if you think im ugly or fat etc but if you call me a brain dead e girl i will slit your thoat
am i going to read the entire thing for the third time today Yes tf i am
Stop crying, it will be alright
I’ve been hurt so much I need to be reassured that you still want me and love me I’m not something to be thrown to the side
deleting some of my photos on fb
My WiFi can’t make to work cuz of the snow I guess
Look at you now, stuck in the background.
ayo why am i just now getting put on to “How to Get Away With Murder” ???? IM HOOKED
It's just wonderful I feel it's gonna work out fine...
If you can love the wrong person, imagine how much you can love the right one?
Is it bad I’m already skipping the second week of classes to go to Florida
AREUM is out in The unit so I'm out too. No reason to watch.
Half Shell has a bomb Chef Salad
James stay on the road to much, Ima need for them to give him every weekend off. I miss my baby
what is fake or real ?
Relative density ,rd - rd = density of substance / density of water
Rams it’s the playoffs ... you lose and you go home.
sometimes i wish i got to tell you goodbye
September isn’t getting here fast enough
My vote for #N X T Award Take Over is gonna be for the return of #War Games
who touched hus gucci im laughing so hard rn myghad
I’m def In both ears show me u love me stop talking show me u do
I don't know why but I wanna write a poetry right now
I can’t contain how blessed i am! Thankyou Lord
So it's 2:20 am and im tired. Can i sleep nOw.. #B T Soutcast D4
I don't know I think it's jimin who's behind it idk
Naten e mire njerz im gonna try to sleep se boll u bo. Juduaaa
I'm cold... Hand is hurting... And just blah lol... But I'm in a great mood...
omg STOP USING KREMER AND HALL ON VAULT # n c a a gym
Boruto is The DB GT of Naruto
I CANT HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE IF YOU WONT HIRE ANYONE WITH NO EXPERIENCE SO THAT I CAN GET FREAKING EXPERIENCE
The false “NYC is safe because of NYPD” narrative presumes that New Yorkers are all a bunch of law-breaking hooligans and NYPD is the only thing keeping any semblance of law & order.
Man I don’t feel like flat twisting my hair tonight
(Wave) SWELL: 6.9 ft at 12.9 s S / WIND WAVE: 9.2 ft at 8.3 s E / WVHT: 11.5 ft / APD: 7.3 s / MWD: 101° / 5:00p AKST
Too busy making my own waves
The current problems with the game is that it isnt really challenging and I also think that you die to easily.
My heart can fall off or stop beating bc of the pain.
Somehow I always end up home alone, with no plans just watching movies cooped up in my room
NAMJOONS THE ONLY ONE WHO KNOWS WHO THE CREATOR IS BC HE SAID EVERYONE DOESNT KNOW WHO HE IS EXCEPT NAMJOON
(Wave) SWELL: 0.3 ft at 9.1 s SSW / WIND WAVE: 2.0 ft at 3.7 s E / WVHT: 2.0 ft / APD: 3.6 s / MWD: 85° / 8:00p CST
If you think Alex Smith is to blame for the Chiefs loss then you're a fucking moron.
Can’t wait to get home so i can wash my face man
Trying to recall how many geniuses I've heard say that they were a "very stable genius." I guess there's always a first...
Dis Shiz canT b happeniNg 2 me righ nOwi Er ok cool Er ok wtf
*binge watches f•r•i•e•n•d•s all christmas break*
Don’t we compare police brutality to whites & blacks? Or is that invalid to that argument? I don’t know. My parents named me after a magazine.
I want my baby to always succeed.
lol my poor baby the only boyyyyy .
lmao i wonder if my followers think im a sadboi
The fact that me and my sister are actually moving back to Florida for a year is amazing . I’m so happy .
You can't have a team if you don't have a job.
I ain’t tripping over losses, I can always get them back
I won't vote until I make my mind clear and sure. I don't want to regret this.
They ain’t want see me up but I ain’t want accept it
Wind 5.7 km/h E. Barometer 1019.0 hPa, Falling slowly. Temperature 31.3 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 44%
Ignorance is not always bliss and knowledge is not always power.
I need you O I think you M I miss you U I kiss you R I feel you I I hold you C I want you E OMU☆RICE forever
my wild Saturday night consists of drinking wine, laying on the couch with my cat, and binge watching chrisley knows best
I mean we did beat the Rams 42-14 at their house last year . #Rise Up
We look so young man, gone have to fight.
BO3 Rage video probably dropping today on my new channel. Already got my funny stream uploaded rn
Founders Day weekend gonna be pretty lit. I was like “okayyyy L.A. this how we do it for Ks out here, i like it!”
Katara has always been THAT bitch and I don't know why some people act like they don't acknowledge that fact.
swifties sendo *********** e nao me surpreende
We’re about to make a comeback Let’s go Rams #L A Rams
I’ve finally eaten so now I should be okay. I have a third shot waiting on me too
I wonder what BTS news feed looks for them and do they know of the BTS outlast game
Iv'e never seen a dumber looking genius, he pouts like a child speaks like he is not well educated, and acts like a little boy who was caught with his hand in the cookie jar
Rerock Yo Shit Like Im Whippin Crack
Just submitted my application for a summer internship that I'm really interested in--and then realized i dated my cover letter January 6th 2017.
Kyrie is currently the frontrunner for MVP
The unit is full of drama.
I got into Horizon Zero Dawn and then like 3 hours passed... Opps...
Omg today my book got here in the mail and I cried. (note to self)
U know if you think minimum wage should all be $14 as standard Why not make “Family Day” all DAY OFF for everyone. I mean EVERYONE from retail cashiers to food service. I can only wish
The End of the F***ing World é massa!!!
lmao the only successful thing i did over break was finish a netflix series wbu
Making air horn sounds every time your friends do something awesome is the best form of support.
half the time when im hungry my mind immediately goes to M e a t
First of all my mom had a seizure due to stress on her body from other problems in her body. It was traumatic and awful. We had to call the ambulance, give her cpr. However she is stable, alert and doing well.
They said she look like a black ass caillou on me I’m dead
Specific gravity - s.g = specific weight of substance / specific weight of water at 4C
I have never regretted a choice i made on twt poll this much in my life #B T Soutcast D4
Soccer socks are underrated # rob mentality # long socks
I VOTED JIN C AUSE I R EALLY DO THINK IT'S JIN
3 reasons Apple joined the Alliance for Open Media
I don’t think Walker is ready. He has moments but just get in the gym my guy.
is passion pit worth exchanging money to see
Everyone is fake in the day time
Everything important I learned about leadership, I learned from Jack Aubrey. ;-)
3 of my friends are having girls
Jazzy jumped onto the couch where Thomas was sitting just to throw up everywhere on him. He didn’t even get mad. He’s ready to be a dad someday fn gross
Here's what "breakout game" means: It's more a state of mind than crooked numbers on the stat sheet. I.e., Vesey doesn't need another goal or assist for this to be his breakout game. What's key is his confidence. (more)
#FLINT #FIRE #EMS #POLICE COMMERCIAL STRUCTURE FIRE - E.Court and Lapeer.
Hard to tell who was at fault in this wreck but glad ev1 ok #Live P D
what am i most excited about for 2018?? going to st lou and finding the ranch restaurant. yehaw.
It’s really boring when you single and don’t have no hoes
Fear nothing either it’s my time or YOURS
Every time I get to a hotel, I never want to leave. I wouldn't flake on my bestie even tho laying in the bed relaxing >>>>> going out
As long as the hearse don’t take me to church before the 14th, I shall meet Jesus there then #Watch Out Now #There You Go #No Church Tomorrow
#Now Playing NONE BUT YOU - Judith Gayle on # e g i m radio
West Virginia has shut down the Trae Young 3-ball by face guarding him and denying him the ball..
Day 2: LDR muna kmi ni hubby.. I miss him alrdy..
Non DIA FANS: YEBIN is not talented. Me: Oh. Really? Wanna slap those electric guitar to you? Ps, even the member saying Yebin is their composer ... Hm... so can you just focus on your fave and stop criticizing others.?
I DID MY BEST NAMAN E
PUTCAST lmao i need sleep its jyp
My sisters mean the world to me id die for them no matter what. I love them so much it hurts
#Chiefs Kingdom 2nd half, 4 of the 1st 6 plays were screen. They didn't try going downfield at all. #49, please a starter, only for Sutton. Officials were exactly what I thought, pregame. Tripplet?
Travelling to Village almost after 1 yr.
young love west coast who cares who knows
Defense is on point tonight. Both sides. #A T Lvs L A R
2. Why are some terms (e.g. Squib) the same in the US as the UK while some are localized (e.g. No Maj/Muggle)?
You know, I'm honestly not surprised the Hargroves had to use our house to hold a decent party. Have you seen the trash heap they live in?
Jaeduck's dance skill still on fire Kinda envy
The promise will be given to you if you fulfill the will of God.
Saber is a girl. If we go to cute-looking stores, she's bound to have fun.
Listening to sad songs doesn’t mean im sad also ano ba parents it’s 2018 na oh quit that concept
R.E.M. ~ (Don't Go Back To) Rockville from the album Eponymous [1988]
dear person reading this: you deserve a life full of happiness and positivity. so don’t let others get to you and believe in yourself. #Happy Sunday
Dang Andrew Whitworth was on that 2004 LSU championship team and he's still in the league
so i started painting my room, and well paint has latex in it and i didn’t really think about it. but i got some on me and now i’m breaking out. yay for being allergic to latex....
Avg Wind:17kts, Gust:22kts, Wave Height:0.4m, Wave Period:4s, Wind Dir:67 °(NE), Gust Dir:83 °(E) at 07/01/2018 02:18:00
As Americans we have to find a definitive way of ensuring our Veterans are provided adequate healthcare & opportunitiesto ensure they don’t go homeless. #USA #VETERANS
Water Temp:9.3 °C, Avg Wind:8kts, Gust Dir:75 °(E), Wave Height:0.4m, Wave Period:3s, Gust:18kts at 07/01/2018 02:13:00
E and I are enjoying tea and Sherlock
Water Temp:9.5 °C, Avg Wind:6kts, Gust:11kts, Wind Dir:77 °(E), Gust Dir:71 °(E) at 07/01/2018 02:12:00
Damn the Rams can’t score shit on that D
Avg Wind:15kts, Gust:30kts, Wind Dir:80 °(E), Gust Dir:117 °(SE), Water Temp:7.9 °C at 07/01/2018 02:18:00
i saw the words "ichigo x kisshu bad boy" and i had lik e.. an out of body experience for a sec. im gonna watch it
Avg Wind:17kts, Gust:21kts, Wave Height:0.9m, Wind Dir:86 °(E), Gust Dir:96 °(E), Water Temp:9.4 °C at 07/01/2018 02:18:00
When you wait all day to talk to the one person who can make you feel better and by the time you actually can she's gone to sleep. It's cool I guess I'll just keep sitting on this shit it's w/e.
If ever a team needed halftime... might be the Rams.... Falcons were a scary thought backing into playoffs...
Avg Wind:25kts, Gust:29kts, Wind Dir:76 °(E), Gust Dir:73 °(E) at 07/01/2018 02:14:00
“Let’s clear the air I never DISLIKED a bitch over a nigga I DISLIKED a bitch that FELT like she can DISRESPECT me ova a nigga....”
We can share so many stories about our life but both refuse to share thier feelings.
Personally don’t think kylie is pregnant and she’s just hiding just to have everyone curious haha
My fave Dolan era is 2015, fight me I stg
You must wear plain v-neck shirts than polo, loves
Play wit a bitch feelings and she gon leave you ...be loyal to a bitch and she gone play you .. so it’s like what do i really do?
Gonna be streaming a let's play of Star Wars Battlefront II around 9pm! Stay tuned
Im real deal sick of my tonsils . I prefer they just remove these mfs . tired of running back and forth to the E.R for the pain and shit.
I’m wearing gloves in my bedroom
NOT REAL NEWS: A look at what didn't happen this week. How unimportant is our gay Muslim, Barack Hussein Obama.
Nice Sack by Campbell....Okay offense let’s get this lead!!!
Pretty boy Goff don’t know what to do
now what was that shit y’all talking?
I can have a pocket full of money & still some how always let my gas get to "E"
Only time I’ll cheer for state
I’m psychoanalyzing everything being said and it’s making me relate it to the members in real life and it’s making me sorta sad :/ I know it’s just a game but like the character could sorta fit Tae or Jin irl Some reasons: # b t s o u t c a s t d 4
tfw you switch shifts with someone so you can go out but then your plans fall through
Played a terrible game today. Computer froze, played with 30 max FPS, but we won 16-8 versus NTsF. Jackson is insane.
So Spotify wasn’t working so I just clicked “Play Music” and this my jam came on! C L U B P E N G U I N
New episodes of Four Weddings on TLC :’-) # guilty pleasure
every kind of way - h.e.r
Life is hard when you live 463 miles away from your significant other.
it’s hard to believe that it’s come to this
acabei de ver the end of the fucking world e o ator principal ta no msm ep de black mirror que to vendo agr wow
I need a shot or six
Okay Shut Up, The Lion King is on now on Freeform!
There’s way too many dickriders in this world. Cut the shit out
arguably the fact that all explorers guild stick with "we don't care about your past so long as you're willing to risk your life to traverse the labyrinth" makes this kind of cloudy because they either DO know and don't care, or just... dont
My dad asked me what I want for my birthday....I wanna be taken fucken seriously
I can’t wait to bring my babes to Colombia, share my family traditions and culture
I love this pass rush this defense is bringing tonight
I just- can't with yoo kihyun...
Never compare your progress to others. We’re all on a different journey. Focus on your own goals and great things will happen.
Either e music ta mucho duro of ami no ta bebi enough
People ask the weirdest things on curious cat. Where do you guys get this from
My mood for today has been “blaaaah” this whole day.. since I woke up until now
Really ordered some snacks & blunts to my crib lol. Technology something else
Bitch leave the Saints outta this bullshit!
I can’t even explain how many mental breakdowns i have a day
Should I stuff my face w
apparently i joined this pit of misery one year ago today
Goff in the gang looking ass
i wont make the second mistake and voting recklessly pls someone make a theory so my brain can breath!! #B T Soutcast D4
This about to be tough watching Vegeta take this L
A steakhouse that’s out of damn steaks I’ll be damn
INFERNO QRIA UM NAMORADO PRA VIVER UMA THE END OF TH FUCKING WORLD
no no no I'm gonna reread it again ,we need to get this right #B T Soutcast D4
Indi’s Chicken and Pink Lemonade seem appropriate right now...
"This house is a goddamn circus."
im tryin to leave this house so who wanna be my friend tonight?
Who knew that at 2:15 this morning I’d be feeding my drunk boyfriend dairylea dunkers in bed
Specific weight, gamma - W=mg - specific weight = W/V = density x g - N/m^3
Every trump tweet reminds me of how 280 characters was a big mistake.
Once a week I need tacos
Had to slap Nani for back talking
People be having a-t-t-i-t-u-d-e PROBLEMS !!!!!!! I'm over it
|| Ugh I’m so freaking itchy I hate winter
But the hurt is for the better. Moving on its now or never
sometimes i wanna tweet shit and then i'm like "nope. nope. i'll get in trouble." because i KNOW certain mfs watch my page YOU DON'T FOLLOW ME BUT YOU FOLLOW ME I S E E Y O U
vou morrer jogando red dead redemption
Falcons doing a job on Gurley
Robert Alford is the exact opposite of good.
Chill spot back at the crib
I hate being around high people when I’m not high they be acting stupid asf
She said that was fine. She called the store and asked how much engraving had to be done and then complained because there was one jewelry box for her to engrave. She had 3pm-9pm to get it done, plus the mall was extremely slow.
Woodstock responds quickly on the PP and takes a 4-3 lead over the Eagles with 9 min left in the 2nd.
I literally binged the entire season in about 3 hours... #The Endof The Fxxxing World NOW WHAT
Sean and I just had a whole discussion on the way home on “thick” celebrities and on what level we think Demi Lovato is “boneable” or not
Goff to Gurley ! Why is this hard all of a sudden #L A Rams
Having a very stressful time because the part for my car was supposed to come today but it didn't and now I have no idea when my car will get fixed or when I will actually be able to go home. Happy 2018.
I just want to scream. Go punch walls. Cry myself to sleep. I’m so exhausted.
This fucking 7 year old dismantled easy dick tip, and then Liam munched crooked apples. I want to die.
I care but I don't, its kinda a weird feeling
Trust Me, and everything will work out. I am in complete control — Philippians 1:6
i get irritated too fast i just wanna eat and sleep honestly
I'm barely watching the good Dr. And OMFG askdjlk
someone teach me how to use LinkedIn
idek what day it is anymore
Ima Be fly ass hell in about 5-7 business days
There's a reason why dating reality shows throw the couples into dangerous adventure sports--insta-bonding. Great script! #Love On The Slopes
i just started reading # o u t c a s t b t s yesterday and it was so creepy and interesting!!
I'm trynna be at SXSW this year
Just the thought of E & Gray being unhappy makes me wanna cry ugh
First week unexpected call from brother in SE Asia snd another in E Africa.
back to a bigger splash, they're fighting in the pool and im hearing these thriller-y bass cues with these headphone and i know shit's gonna go down. thanks, new headphones.
It seems like Collinsworth is keep picking at the Falcons every chance he could make it fit
We really can't wait without imagining such things or waityng peacrfully right? Err~
WHAT IF WE DONT VOTE #B T Soutcast D4
Protection has gotten better for Goff; his body language hasn't
I’m bout done this fifth of Tito’s An the fam talking bout Epcot at 9am...beers round the world no hangover tomorrow
The End OS The Fucking World é top demais bicho
vic was all "id throw hands at any dude for emily too if need be but she'd probably go off first"
I hit my peak of twitter success.
Race is a social construct. Gender is a social construct as well, but a lot of y’all too shook to accept that. Knowledge is power
According to my dad, the dude serving me at the a p p l e store was looking at me like he was in love with me. But I was looking back and wasn't getting any vibes so??
So are you still working there in KSA?
Y’all should go watch Voltron Abridged by QuickTrick it’s the literal best
just a tad overthinking bc i am suspicious of everything but TS50 can be TAE0 bc S is a common typo for A and 5th letter of the alphabet is E. Just a tad Overthinking.
I am learning about all new kinds of Twitter features hahaha Heading to bed for tonight as it's 3am. I will respond to the rest of the emails in the morning!
When the system works, it works beautifully. And it was an incredible relief to know that neither I nor any of my friends would be facing a giant bill at the end of the day for needed care.
Read an online article and there are definitely people that see hookah as a public health crisis for lower income Latinos I.e. Dominicans and puerto ricans
Assistir o Show do Bk' e Choice
You can't reason with someone who doesn't want to hear what you have to day. Dad tip of the day
Can't fuck nobody new till I fuck with them for their spirit.
LOL I MISS GETTING MY NAILS DONE!!!
Cris Collingsworth just said the Falcons blew a 28-3 lead against the Patriots. That will never get old
You Ever Seen A Bad Bitch / A Fine Ass Nigga & Cant Say Nun But W T F
zy always wanna hear a damn song .
All is NOT be a Cube tonight but rather tomorrow instead of a normal ep, its more a serious Cube Q&A.
Popsocket get here faster... I hate having to hold my phone without one. I keep feeling like I’m gonna drop it
Got my grandma to braid my hair up this time... n e v e r . a g a i n .
Never stop doing little things for others, sometimes those little things occupy the biggest part of their heart... In shaa'Allah
WAIT HFSKFSKGDLKS I realized Hamburger actually fits bc when he evolves into a Incineroar he'll be B e e f y
Bruh Alford come on you been better then that!!!
You bitches is jokes y’all something surious
IDK WHO TO PICK I KEEP CHANGING MY MIND
i hate people who got an excuse for EVERYTHING
been on a streak of listening to Eminem from 1990s to 2010s. Man this guy's L E G E N D A R Y.
how could u be so heartless
cannot believe niggas kicked JON SNOW out the bar. incredibly disrespectful.
- Ever look at a flower and hate it.
It’s so cold out, my fucking Beats died I’m pissed.
And much like when we read Road to Ruin, boyfriend and I will have to buy a copy each so we don't argue over who gets to read it first
This iPhone X not worth the money bih
tirar nudes com o meu colar da cruz é bue God is watching you, you little hoe, you gonna burn in hell
Good ol Alford with the penalty
I can’t believe how much of an uncultured swine Paris is bro
|| For some reason a while ago I used water le crops idek
Im on the mall rn and im thinking about #B T Soutcast D4 BDBAHSBEOZSOAN E
I would like some tea if anyone would like to help out sick weak girl. You can pet my dog and cat as payment. pls h e l p
Perfect - Ed Sheeran "I found a love, but not for meeee"
Prisoner's Honey might help with your ideas, but not reliably.
#Katie Nolan Now there’s fake “white privilege” i.e. Jemele Hill suspension (must be pissed?) Maybe racist too?
But today she fucked herself. I don’t care anymore. I was supposed be off at 3pm yesterday, she didn’t show until 4pm. Missed important classes. Asked if she could come in a 3pm instead of 4pm so that way I can finish class work on time.
"How You Say You Love Me But You Fake, Rep LA But I Fuck With E-40 And The Bay!" -YoungSam
from The Bottom of my bottomless heart yo what the Heck are some of you on...like... if you make a mistake and acknowledge it... but refuse to apologize to people you've wronged...?? just be nice and grow up gosh it's really not that Hard
Peach Cobbler has to be the best tasting dessert !
Oh, nope don’t like Chelsea # g u r lb ye #The Bachelor
everything need to sacrify themself to others to be happy
YALL ITS EOTHER TAEHYUNG OR JIN . THE ONLY REASON NAMJOON ISNT THERE WHEN IT SAID “you don’t know who i am" IS BECAUSE NAMJOON KNOWS HES PLAYED THIS BEFOR E
Thanks for the awkward sex #Black Mirror, now I want to fling myself into the sun just to erase it from my brain # worst fuck in g nightmare
cause i love her with all that i am
ALISSA WANTS TO KILL MY LIVER.
Iron sword, huh? What are you killing, butterflies?
This MF'er doesn't shut the hell up.
Why you dropped that ball # butter fingers #A T Lvs L A R
I think if they want to accurately represent Hypixel Battle royale, they need to make a rating system. I think this will draw sweaty players to the game, very similar to fortnite and pubg even tho they dont have rating systems
SO IT REALLY IS SEOKJIN OR TAE WHAT THE HELL WHY AM I SO KDKDKKD
Aigoo~ read some Q's arguments. My fandom is too bored.
*to dang I was too heated about this mess of a tweet
do you ever go through names you’d use for your child if you ever had one and realise how many people you actually hate and associate names with
I blame myself for expecting too much from you.
set a fire down in my soul that i cant contain that i cant control
I have answered so many blind job listings and submitted so many resumes, I actually started one “I’m so bossy, I’d be perfect for the job.... “
Fluid properties. Density - mass per unit volume - lb/ft^3 , kg/m^3 - density of water = 1000 kg/m^3 density of air = 1.23 kg/m^3
So much for Rams Jags in the Super Bowl.
n e ways i voted seokjin they better not be fucking w me
Just seen 20 kids at shells tryna buy some blunts
Binge watched Code Geass and I feel like I just went through an emotional train wreck
C.a.b.i.n. F.e.v.e.r. Dog, cat, & me.
growing up e.b.t had me feeling e.t
Know when you’re right and know when you’re not. Else your close minded head ass will be only a head ass for people to fuck up.
Rams trying to throw the ball , how'd you get here ? RUN with Todd Todd Todd
Damn, need to get on this basketball wave again.
I swear I always search ur name when I get online #R I P Rell
i'm funny. well, i mean... i amuse myself, anyway.
Do I really fake that much?
I love how Grayson just took control of E's story
WATCH WHOEVER WINS THE POLL IS GONNA BE THE PERSON WHO D I E S
remember that love is not just love, it is spelled as T.I.M.E.
WHEN I LIKE HIM I CATER TO HIM
Lol refs are not letting them play. It’s a call every time down
Omfg we out here slipping and dropping balls
OK that was a great Star Wars movie ever should to make another one Star Wars movie
Why is Nahmir starting to look odee?
just because you don't have a prince, doesn't mean you're not princess.
If I don’t get the attention that I want I will eventually get fed up and go seek it somewhere else
Some dude on FB said Mariota was trash and now everyone commenting on that post
I'm kidding. A little jokey joke.
cant beliebe fitz went from tiny awkward into time travelling and going undercover like this je e us
I aint stressing myself anymore, if you dont give a fuck, why should i
This year I will learn to not need anyone, to only depend on myself to have a good time and to stay true to myself.
Mike Pence in the book Fire and Fury, was described as “meek” and a “empty suit.” Unable to affect or restrain trump in any way. But, Pence is dangerous, his views on reproductive rights to LGBTQ rights threatening!
This the dude that’s supposedly our MVP?
Breaking bones n sniffin gear, pouring blood n sweat n tears
I'm inlove with the small things
I need some sort of happiness
Ashtun speak to me 800 times a day
Terminei Friends, The Flash, Lucifer e The Good Place. ESTOU SEM RUMO NA VIDA
vai cantar bad at love e him & i.
keeping d i s t a n c e
I know God can’t be mad at me cause all the blessings he gave me
how is my family gonna drag me along to Chuck E. Cheese & not gonna let me play any games I just wanna go home now
I contemplate all the time whether or not I should just say how I feel and what I want.. I mean life’s too short right?
We spent our time making popcorn proposing titles for the third sequel movie on the "The R-- of the ---" theme. e.g. The Regurgitation of the Hunter (in which Boba Fett comes out of the sarlacc).
i feel empty with you not around..
Bradley Beal #N B A Vote John Wall #N B A Vote
Common #LA shake it off, here we go #Turn Up #L A Rams
"When will I see you again" # oldies
I don't rotate my mattress I just rotate myself
bitches and niggas got a comment for everything. shut the fuck up.
Golden Retrievers are the best doggos i’ve known so pure for this cruel world.
ain’t cried over a dude in so long
Yoongi is playing himself and playing us all smh
wait she’s 4 LMAOOO WHY AM I SO MAD CTFUUUU
i just want my friends to be happy with themselves. it makes me so sad
bitches are s i c k you not moving shit, no one is pressed for you, stop being delusional & stay in your own lane
Just so you know, you don't know who I am. Not even a single info. So shut your stupid mouth murmuring something that will make me think, you're just over reacting.
Admiral with a last second jumper. Love that guy.
You pretend like you forget, and somehow they only know to come back once you really forget
I didn’t even know Three King’s Day was a thing until I connected some dots. I went to a Christian Church for most of my adolescence and we did all that stuff during Xmas.
The 10 best live concerts in Vancouver in 2017
do u ever have ur friends completely drop u from their circle of being bc this is the second time now and i wish i was dead i can’t LOSE MO R E PPL
Great help by DeMarcus Cousins after Wiggins burned E'Twaun Moore back door.
See, destiny. Winter Walk sounds awesome! I love local art walks! #Love On The Slopes
Is there a way besides just blocking to rid myself of the attractive young ladies with 3 tweets and no clothing from following? They obviously need their privacy. ????
Marketing tip: If you tease (e.g.) a product, provide a way for people to get notified once the product is finished.
This guy is a L I C E N S E D driver now heck yeah
Scary Monsters and Nice Sprites (Intro Piano Mix) - Skrillex
If this applies to you, where have you found ur closest friends?
INFO E. WND: 010/10. CLD: FEW035. EXP INST APCH. RWY 01. TWY H3 NOT AVBL. TMP: 29. VIS: GREATER THAN 10 KM. QNH: 1017.
my ears will forever be in love with LANY.
Having a hard time? Talk to your ride or dies. They’ll tell you what’s up
They need to change they damn cleats, because the whole team slipping!
i think i lost my patience last night
Just saw Stevo I told em you a hard man to contact he talking about I got a iPhone now text me your number “you still ain’t gone reply Bruh”
#N O W Playing - V.I.B.E (Be VI) ft Kylo FLASHLIGHTS ON Islandunited100.9FM
When you cared too much for your friends but they still considered it not enough. E di okay.
E.g. Keep failing to properly verbally escalate on dates with maybe girls. Always lose momentum
Now I’m gonna have to deal with unasked bullshit trash talking for another year
2018 and yah boy hasn’t had a dangerous amount of alcohol in his system at alll WHAT THE FUCK IS UP 4 TONIGHT
the end of the fucking world é sensacional demais mano
Rude customers don't even phase me anymore
Amor i love you Amor i love you Amor i love you
You make me better than I was before, thank God I’m yourssssss
ABU DHABI IS NOT A FUCKING COUNTRY!
Uuu i do i do i do i doo
I hope Anita has a concert close to Memphis. I would just faint.
Idc who you are. You cheat on me, BYE
Its real sad... But just try to plot d fire incidents... Mostly during last qtr of fin yr...may b overloading or something else...
My man has put me straight in discussions and perspectives I’ve had before. I thank him for all these uprising and enlightenment moments he has put me through.
Just going to sit here quietly until Fire and Fury arrives at the Dymocks Burnside...
Now playing BBO by Big Boss E!
TIME FOR A DISCUSSION WHAT THE FUCJ DO W E DO #B T Soutcast D4
0/n e g/g (0/d) s' us (t a) fxf ace a.d. (h) ea L/L i've r~e'ye (i.d.) at e
Radio 1's Big Weekend 2016 is on... And, it's showing him... Like this is a sign I still gotta go right...
Most of my shoes (investment i.e. leather) are all black with an exception of my topsider. I have got to make more color decisions.
Gotta keep my ground protected, so these fuck niggas can’t get to me
I don't got time to let you run game on me.
We didn't get a rosca & idk if I should be glad or not
Low key excited for 2018 even tho it had a rough start . But everything great takes time
3) Let's count them: Wiener's hiding Huma's treason on his laptop Uranium One - Treason - Players other then Hillary OMG one could be Mueller. Hillary's e mail - new evidence to reopen case w/Comey Clinton Foundation being paid $$$$$$$$$ for Uranium One - Treason
As for #SCFC they will struggle to find a decent manager no one really wants to be linked to them hill have eyes wanna be fans. Innit.
my little cousin so dumb LMAOOO she’s happy she got the baby jesus from the rosca
Pizza beagals and booze since Trav has to work tonight.
Not much but it’s the first time she’s worn them
But do you know who my boyfriend is? Lol rip you
Loh loh what happened to golden child?
They have not flesh, nor feathers, nor scales, nor bone. Yet they have fingers and thumbs of their own. What are they?
Aaaannnddd I don’t know if I like any of the girls yet # the bachelor
such a beautiful girl taken way too soon :(
god damn this dude really just hurt me
Everytime I get mail that's addressed to "Future [company] customer" my reaction is basically "Well not NOW >:E"
I’ll remember that when she want some pizza
My main goal is to not have to depend on NOBODY for SHIT. #Real Spill
There is no better superhero movie than The Post.
My grandfather called me fat today
Niggas don’t want us to win cuz #We Not Me #La Rams
First time Kayla wears her yeezy’s, and of course she gets bbq sauce on them
Tomorrow is the day & honestly I’m not excited as I thought I would be.
I am excited about what 2018 has in store. Life, love and happiness
Awaiting you at the end of the tunnel was the wretched BB Studio... just give up and submit all your funds to me, S-e-n-p-a-i.
"I'm gonna go drink a slurpy and if I die in my sleep it's been a nice life" -my super # words
Mountain man or bears? Hmmm #Love On The Slopes
am I the only one who’s never done the whole La Parrilla birthday dinner thing before
Yep, it seems like we're the killers. Funny how me and few ARMY talk abt this the other day, didn't guess we would be kind of right #B T Soutcast D4
My gut feeling tells me it’s Seokjin. #B T Soutcast D4 # b t sou t cast
What's going on? # Feeling IN or OUT???
overalls OVERALLS O V E R A L L S
want q maging productive ds 2018 labyuuuu?!
It's almost kyungsoo's birthday ! ! ! !
I didn’t know if I should’ve smoked or not but when I put on my jacket I found $3 in the pocket so yeah God ordained this blunt is all I’m saying also a McChicken is on me.
Tf am I really doing ?
Woodstock ties it 3-3 less than a minute later.
it’s true , you make the bed you lay in ... this is my hay stack
8. Age: 19 I’ll be 20 in March
IF ONLY IM A DOGE... ♚pearlbot♚
I need some drinks fr fr
The days of my youth, as I look back on them, seem to fly away from me in a flurry of pale repetitive scraps like those morning snow storms
You know the drought real when you have sex dreams that seem real af
im done breathing with my eyes open for today time to breathe with my ese closed and make zz sounds
How you get him wide open
Noticed some shit, I ain’t liking it.
I’m So Last Min It’s Ridiculous
N: the man on the $100 bill ugly af. Me:......Benjamin Franklin???
I just HATE a liar STAY AWAYYYYY
If it's a NYC based show, I will donate 15%
After 2 minutes I start calling them
I am beginning to believe it's possible for corruption to exist in every County in every state in the United States.
What are you # g a m e r s playing or grinding this weekend?
E v eryone is like “at least bae lo v es me..” and I’m like “at least Jesus lo v es me.” # single # Joshua 1 v 9
Hayley Kiyoko não é apenas girls like girls, ouçam sleepover, ease my mind, one bad night, feelings, cliff’s edge, given it all
Imagine hearing about Trump's wall, and your biggest objection to it is that there aren't enough drones.
Don’t worry Rams fans, it is the falcons.
but then again, y'all wanna hate on sanvers and as that's the only legitimate reason someone wouldn't want to be a part of it, y'all take part in demonizing the people who do like it
Your favorite hot mess is back on campus with a burning hatred for professors who email you three days before classes start saying that they expect you to have the textbook BY THE FIRST CLASS
Want to spar again late tonight? Wait—are you blushing?
Your Opinion Aint Shit If You Broke
forever wishing i had a dance room in my house
fico molhada toda vez que srta amy winehouse canta NOBODY STANDS IN BETWEEN ME AND MY MAN
Since i don’t have a choice but to stay at my parents making my mom take me to target
Don’t switch on me , I got big plans
I don't know why this e*** tweeted that Buddy's spreading negative rumour's about one member, lol we're busy trending #Season_of_GFRlEND SO SHUT UP
When you stab yourself with the loaded injector, you will c e a s e t o f e e l p a i n.
Every time I see you happy with someone else, my heart breaks just a little bit more
I get so mad when my friends don’t text me back fast enough
Cant wait to have this surgery so i can get back on track .
Ryan Giggs linked with yet another managers job! Yes he was a decent player but to give him a prem job is fucking stupid. He should go to a football league club and build a rep, playing for Man Utd means nowt.
(s) t 0/0 t (h) (f) a've (i) t b Lack t (h) at (ch) 0 w/h e'ye (a) t
Last night was a whole episode of degrassi. One girl full on smacked a man in his face & another girl was running from her man. Also Caitlynn almost got beat up by a man.
“I hope we (Super Junior and E.L.F.) can be the one forever.” — Shindong
Never watch a silent horror film at 3 in the morning. N E V E R (unless you're planning to stay awake for the rest of the day)
If she gah a gap in her teeth her head game better
Everyone loves you until you need something
The US Department of Defense has sent me to investigate the little kid teacher. Piko, Piko.
happy 3 kings! god bless everyone
not a strong enough urge tho bc I’m sure if I start now I’ll stop after 1/4 of my face is done
I’m annoyed with my wife. She refuses to purchase A&E. 50% of yogurt and cottage cheese should not be in liquid form.
LA has to stop playing scared. It's playoffs, yes, but it is just another ball game. Settle down and execute!
A little late but finally watching the bachelor
TITANIUM WHITE ALL UP IN THIS. Now streaming on watch at.
so I went to Ulta to get nyx butter gloss. I got to the register & my total was $60....... I get set up every time I go into that damn store
Hugging my doggos makes me want to love myself more such a wonderful creatures. You guys make me feel so special
P e to the t t yyyyy I’m petty yeah yeah I’m petty
I hope 2018 is the year where my ladies stop getting lip injections
"It cannot be too often affirmed, therefore, that the principal need of the church is neither people of money nor people of intelligence, but people of prayer." —E.M. Bounds, "The Weapon of Prayer"
THE CHAINSMOKER E COLDPLAY SOMENTHING JUST LIKE THIS Playlist
Im not with the cornball stupid shit! I want all my peoples to be great!
Don't change to make someone love you,be yourself and let the right one fall for you.
After a workout I be feeling big asf
hi guys!! who's up for solo dms? —lane
Well it's 2am. Time to bake brownies and tell the moon all my secrets.
WhO DID U VOTE I HAVE NO FUCK ING CLUE WHO TO FUCK I NN H VOT E #B T Soutcast D4
pretty unlikely to be like that. i mean cmon. Lindworm who? literally no one knew abt him/Kupala in eoiii
Eagles answer quickly to go up 3-2 on a goal by #12 Kevin Close.
Barely 1 week into 2018 and I'm already anticipating a year comparable to Britney Spears' 2007.
I'm going to MAKE IT. My power outlet that tweets is going to KILL IT at the product fair.
Laughing might be eSports some day.
VRISKA: It's that it's making me wonder if I can trust any of my own judgments, even after all this time.
Charring, melting laptop batteries cause HP to issue voluntary recall
I think it’s so funny when, my one friend only hangs out with me when her and her boyfriend are having problems, but when they are okay she wants nothing to do with me. You are cut the fuck off..
The simplest things can be your happiness depends on how you perceive it, be it temporary or permanent.
I can’t wait to be treated just as well as i treat someone else
Don’t miss P.E at school yano, pretending to be on your period every week for 5 years is long
The chiefs were this years falcons, I think
"if at present you are about to give up...what more when you become a full-pledged teacher?"
2 Banger Dropping Tomorrow!! YALL DONT WANT TO MISS THESE!
I starved before had to change my surroundings.
ITS NAMJOON. ONLY HE HAS ALL THE TRAITS?? #B T Soutcast D4
If any show runner/producer/actor/writer can help me land a staff writing job on a television show I will donate 10% of my earnings to a charity of their choice for as long as I hold onto the job.
Basic unit and dimension kg - mass - lb C - temperature - F s - time - s m - length - ft
i want baek and chanyeol appear in the Return of Superman again uhM
know your worth, then add tax
I have the urge to do my makeup
I’m bout to see if Chuck E. Cheese do takeout..
Never know when it’s your ‘lucky’ day
the bts outcast thing makes me dizzy
And that's another Broncos turnover. Killer
fr cant wait till monday gets here. need a new phone asap.
the streets raised me i’m a whole bastard
Project L.E.E. - Now or never # Premier Barbwires Radio
She let the pearls Flow gently Down her neck, Between her breast Where he liked To kiss.
I come home and A New Hope is on TV. My dog keeps poking his head up everytime R2D2 makes a noise.
Keeping in mind that I have not heard it, but if someone is using a car horn in the crowd, it is against an LA Coliseum policy that bans "Artificial noisemakers (e.g. cowbells or air horns)"
No one has control. This is reason why we pray.
What a play by Tiny Sports Man
Stah-blay Ghen-e-us..must be Italian. # i m peach #Impeach Trump # stable genius
"but, it's also about how good you are in surpassing the challenges and overcoming your foibles..."
Fuck I want to put this song out but its not perfect yet
My hope You restore Your promise is sure And I am convinced That You are faithful #In Your Name # Day 0
Sam Smith who buying me the new album easy access to my heart
Be there for your mates as much as possible and always help them out if they’re in shit situations, never know how much they might need it
E o Eric Gordon meteu um overplay no Ish Smith pra 3...
I hope I actually do end up deploying next year I need something different in my life frfr
“It gets annoying from time to time I gotta ignore her, In order to let her know we'll be friends and nothing more”
This goes out to you ... my number one
When times are tough, just call ya man, he should know what to do.
This situation really just taught me that I can’t depend on literally anyone & nobody cares about me despite what they may tell me
Now playing Hustlas Dream by C.E.O.!
Weave and make-up are the ultimate cheat codes.
Insidious wasn’t scary at all tbh the first one will always be the best one
"Uh, this is putting men in shame position" fuckoff... Women fight for equal rights but it doesn't mean that the past needs to be erased # c b b Ann is full of shit
I’m so grateful to the friends who have given me space that I’ve needed this week, especially my brer mal
Hi Linux-y friends, What do you use as an app launcher and general file manipulator? (i.e., something similar to Alfred or Quicksilver on Mac)
...I just realized that shit like my last tweet is why my friends be concerned about my social life. My own best friend told me to make some friends I be soooo cozy by myself tho
I really need that video of dobby dancing with the palm tree background ahhhhh
W. E. B. Conrad's The Teutonic Proof starring Richard Dreyfuss and Brian Blessed
Butler starts things off with a trey off the glass, then Wiggins picks up a steal and finishes a three-point play in transition over E'twaun Moore.
All da nino browns done turned pookie out here
So it’s either one of the KIMS or Jimin( after all yoongi said he doesn’t know him) #btsoutcast D4
maybe you know whomst will be a good actress i’ll give her the benefit of the doubt
So humbled because I know what it’s like not to have nothing
Sat. Maccies a d ordered a lot of othes that’s sorb even ant and tbh don’t know how to send them andk . ENEMERDAME
Why I’m I being so lazy tonight? #Random Thought
also wow this creator guy sounds exactly like saeran from mystic messenger, esp with breaking the fourth wall and all LMAO
Shout out to the screaming children on my plane, especially the one who kept kicking my seat, for reminding me why I never want to have children
Cooper blowing the game for the Rams.
I got to stick it in 2B before 9S did
What is this damn things weakness
Minnesota stadium is first class btw, I was blown away
There is nothing more satisfying than filling up my gas tank for less than $30, when the gas light is on, and your tank is on E.
i need to go to bed but uh i haven’t even been up 12 hours yet because my sleep schedule is Fucked™
aNYWAY point being that even though it would be cool for all explorers unions to be one huge information network spanning the multiple regions, the fact that events from different games are largely considered myth or stories and not hard cold written history means that they're
i’ve accepted the fact that i’m pretty much alone my senior year of high school
I’m honestly obsessed with my hair and I’m not sorry
i wanna move far far away
Was just informed that Alison's Ring is at my house! IM FUCKING STOKED!!! CHEEEEEEEEE
I’m over e v e r y o n e. I’ve never meant this more than I do right now.
lmao “no one knows me” namjoon prolly sitting over there like uhm, forgot me, bitch!!
This organization. Derrick Carr $125 million (over rated) Jon Gruden 10yrs $100 million- out 10 yrs. Raiders moving to the desert. LOL
It’s a wine kind of night.
Jetzt bei 1LIVE: N.E.R.D & Kendrick Lamar - Don't Don't Do It!
Trae Young sure gripes a lot for a freshman
hang the DJ e black museam melhores ep dessa temporada de black mirror
ayo hitman bang introduces the second audition #B T Soutcast D4
im that loving sister where in... *kisses younger sister's forehead* *mutters* "you suck."
i need a fire ass mirror
"Off-campus practice teaching is not only about how adequate you are in teaching..."
Just give him half a chance I bet he’ll rob u if he can
Heechul to ELF : Because E.L.F exist, Super Junior is Eternal.
A Girl Worth Fighting For - Mulan R un And Hide - Sabrina Carpenter A naconda - Nicki Minaj C hemicals React - Aly And Aj I s There Somewhere - Halsey E veryday - High School Musical
bruh stop that romantic thing, get us beers
Josefina lo agarro. Well shit, Josefina ain’t gonn do shit anyway so why even mention the baby.
Matt Bryant still hasn’t missed a kick since the Bucs let him go
IT SO COLD OH MY GOD
vou ouvir a playlist do yoongi
Nothing is not accept life's vicissitudes with them.
光を feat.YUC'e (TEKINA Remix) - DJ'TEKINA//SOMETHING # now playing
I see r a i n b o w s in people's hearts. C o l o u r s we have never seen before. Seven new s h a d e s .
If you negative, stay away if your DUMB, stay away if you still in the same fucked up situation & aint doing nothing to better yourself stay tf away
A (first) House for me and my Wife Danielle Taylor
my new instant pot food blog: ip freely
Didn't even do any of my projects and school is tom
Real fluid - stress vs strain rate curve is linear and passes through the origin - constant proportionally is known as viscosity - example: water, oil, air, gasoline
Your that much of a fuckin S K E T you arnt even worth a reaction
Cabbage, Italian Steaks, Rice, Sweet Potatoes, & Cornbread ima be up cooking earlyyyy!
Example: there is literally a song that describes stealing but it's in the concept of the devil tempting the rapper
For the love of god please don't give me the niño
if a dog eats a bath bomb will it die?? asking for a friend
me thinking its not taejin bc thats too predictable but also acknowledging that she could be using that to our downfall and end up making it taejin but also knowing thats too easy im geTting confused
i'll txt my bf & he won't respond unless i SC him telling him i txted him
I talk to God about you
There are some flawless looking girls on social media. I feel like a fucking potato.
why does Timmy chalamet do that thing where he just opens his mouth real wide at like random times
How's that Judeo-Christian deal we made with Jews working out, America? How about, Europe? Judeo-Christianity is ANTI-CHRISTIAN, friends. Jews are anti-Christ. Can we face that fact, please take our countries back?
You just want attention, u don't want my heart
One day Ima just get me a hotel room just to get away for a few days sounds relaxing
It's namjoon he new about the game he knew the layout of the game he's been there before
Grown Ups 2 is hilarious lol!
i want to inhale the colors you sound like feel the reverberations of breath on frigid skin illuminated by the frequency of your heartbeat
Insidious takes the cake for top 5 worst movies!
The Crimson Witch - E, 687k On his 13th birthday, Taecyeon is enrolled in Ixxfri School for Witches. Wooyoung hates him immediately.
Need a nigga wit that attitude
I want to get another tattoo so bad but I’m such a bitch when it comes to pain gdiiiiii
Thanks to the #M A G Fest arcade room, I have now played GALAGA 3, and it is *amazing*, and I need it in my life.
give me the M! give me the E! give me the M! give me the E! meeemeee!
January is my 5th year as starlight
me rn: S L E E P Y
Sirius, Remus, James, Peter. Padfoot, Moony, Prongs, Wormtail. Snuffles, professor, dad, Scabbers. Dead, dead, dead, dead.
“Every successful person must have a failure. Do not be afraid to fail because failure is a part of success.”
im v sick please allow me to just watch RLM all day/night
Never realized the depths of John. Will I ever? John 5:37-44, as well as all of Jesus' speeches. Ouch. Yet, g r a c e
Seriously, if you fuck with me, as a group where do y'all want to go for vacation
Early 2nd, Woodstock ties the Eagles 2-2.
They got blunts on here, just not the blunts i want but listennnn idgaf lmao
I wonder the bad playing the Rams are having is due to resting the players #A T Lvs L A
bruh i just came back from seeing jumanji and uh... the whole time i was like tHIS IS LIKE OUTCAST THEY'RE STUCK IN A GAME THEY HAVE THREE LIVES THEY'RE MISSING OH EM GEE
Baby im Young , But i Handle My Business
A beard and a pretty ass smile, I melt
My neighbors do NOT respect my shit.
My 5 year old sister just told me to " suit your self " because I don't wanna go in Chuck E. Cheese kids are a fucking mess these days
Listen, Bruno going from writing and producing Cee-Lo’s “Fuck You” (unbeknown to most) to headlining the Super Bowl twice is no accident. Man and his people are masters of show business.
Event grinding isn't that ba-- (gets a notification from her bank stating that she's low on funds in her checking account) fuck
Regarding my last RT, I love seeing what streets I know so well looked like long ago. We all know E 4th so well.
FYI CAD:FYI: ;DISABLED MOTORIST;NHS;419 E I-40
I'm frying fritters in one hand and reading outcast with the other jfkshdoab #B T Soutcast D4
It's funny when Ann says about equal rights, but think it's wrong to put the guys taking care of the house. And she's not a fan of paying 50/50 in a dinner... # c b b
That relationship won’t work out js
Mini Crates on sale for $7 Today!
Great Team Win # Titan up #Yeah Dat Way # Blessed
I Wonder WHY It's Hard To Find The REAL One???
Let me tell y’all that the wait at Kaiser e.r is like 9 hours
[ text to: dada ] [ wello ] [ wello wello wello ] [ answer ] [ a ] [ n ] [ s ] [ w ] [ e ] [ r ] [ hwjise i lick ur psops ] [ :o ]
dating someone who works in media is good because this morning i said amateur food blogging was the only form of real journalism and they stormed out of the room and didn't come back
Wish i had a friend who loved knowing drama as much as me w/o being IN the drama
Chancellor says: global credential disrupts administration grrrum e-text-booksssss brainzzz
Even if I hit you once, you part of my collection...
I guess i’m not sleeping tonight
like i.e put you and your friends in bangtan’s position and then suddenly the creator is your mom? see what i mean
you can be my 9, right on the side of me
You bitches ain't stepping how I'm stepping
Show que preciso ir: Bruno Mars, Maroon 5 e Beyoncé.
we can be like MCDONALD'S and BURGER KING, i'll have it my way and you'll be lovin',it.
Hold it Dub They’ve done this before
if the 8th not $25.. I don't want it.
Gotta admit the editor's direction is spot-on! #Love On The Slopes
I’m not sane enough to handle life
I am hakyeon's softie stan who's always cursing at the screen any time he does that thing with his face during performance.
I know she began, but she want the steak tonight
retweet if you know a pathological liar
13-0 falcons. Go back to St. Louis.
mfs tryna get some ass ina parking lot n shit & i just want my damn charger
We all have secrets naman talaga eh right?
u know u were my first time a new feel it won’t ever get old, not in my soul no in mu spirit, keep it alive
Everyone needs a friend like Mack
ah sim Robbie Williams, Harry Styles e Liam Payne como esquecer
Yeah so I’m dying from the flu but other than that life’s good
my mom said she wanna take me to get something to eat. I asked "why, you got the munchies now?" she said "no. not yet. I gotta smoke a lil more then ill be ready"
i'm so ashamed of myself think I need therapy
Browns dumb for letting us get Mack
Perrysville VFC has been dispatched to: E-1 QRS / EMS ASSIST
I'm glad I am being made aware of what's going on behind the scenes in police reports and investigations. I'm sure it's only the tip of the iceberg.
menonas e o played as before hein
“i’m not gonna vote” BITCH THATS HOW WE ENDED UP WTH TRUMP AS PRESIDENT #B T Soutcast D4
If I regularly snap you pics with no words of the random shit in front of me stop responding take the hint it's 2k18 and some of y'all just clueless
Pharoh Cooper is losing this game for us. Shit.
Songs that describe your twenties as your golden years/“good ole days” fuck me up
Gym shark clothing getting thinner and thinner while their shit gets more expensive lol. Not making sense
It's amazing how the person below hasn't been on Sex Sent Me to the E.R. yet.
Cleared: Bridge/Tunnel Stoppage: EB on I-64 at I-64 Tunnel-HRBT E in Hampton.9:10PM
Got my old Mac working today and am now wondering why I ever went back to Windows.
I just to feel bad about my life looking at 20 yr old athletes making millions but now my bar is Sean Mcvay a NFL HC at 31. Fuck my life.
I gave my best it wasn't enough
BUT I CANT KEEP UP WITH THISSSSS #B T Soutcast D4
Baby girl, you’re on my mind. So many others, you’re one of a kind i swear
I can’t wait to have a baby again. # planned
Spending some time with my best friend
If we can’t get high and play Mario Kart I don’t want it..........
NU-STYLE! THE H! THE A! THE R! THE D! THE C! THE O! THE R! THE E! Listen to the vision! Listen to the vision! ??? It's a NUSTYLE! ???
Been down hea damn near 2 weeks & Boomane jus deciding to come see me
Corporator finds her name missing from voter list - All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen Ahmed Nagar corporator Ayesha Rubina was in ...
I only think he’s the GOAT lmao but okay
Maybe I'm a human Trying to click undo man Or maybe an automaton Oh how'd it all go so wrong?
Esse menino de The end of the fucking World é chato demais
i get it i cant spell
Ideal fluid - known as perfect fluid - has four properties : no internal friction, the flow is steady, the flow is incompressible, the flow is irrotational - does not exist but used by scientists for analysis and calculation of fluid
(Wave) SWELL: 6.2 ft at 10.0 s E / WIND WAVE: 6.9 ft at 8.3 s E / WVHT: 9.5 ft / APD: 6.5 s / MWD: 99° / 9:40p AST
we really need to gather all of the evidence before we vote tonight. we need to discuss each option, and decide which is the most logical. this vote is an important one, lets not screw it up like we did for the last one. #B T Soutcast D4
i want to try astray but im too dumb
oscar de best actress, best actor, best supporting actress, original screenplay, makeup & hairstyle, costume design, foreing film, original soundtrack e best director garantido sem dúvidas
It’s crazy how Netflix brings ppl together lmao
Ending my night at the pacer game! Gotta look like this cause I'm in the nose bleeds! But I'm so very grateful! Lol
Wiley E. Coyote - 'Super Genius' Donald J. Trump - 'Stable Genius' Twins.
I'm eating my pizza by myself and I want to say I'm sad cause I have no one to share it with but like I'm not sad. I get pizza to myself.
The amount of married men trying to talk to me lately has really got me questioning marriage in the first place..
Told y’all what these defending nfc champs gone do. They going back to get they ass slapped
Im enjoying Winner's songs omggggg they good af
likely not to apply to explorers guilds. It's unlikely there's multiple branches in one place (in fact I don't even think the different explorer guildmasters are even associated w each other. marion who? dust who? egar? you mean stabdaddy)
Devastated I can’t be at CES 2018 this year to show people CarBes prototype and to see the competition (i.e., Continental, Connect2Car, and more).
Bought my bihh a brand new Rollie and she still ain’t happy.
Take me for what I am plss
aberration(n) a temporary change from the typical or usual way of behaving. "I had a mental aberration and forgot we had a meeting today."
Today Grade 7 ku 9-10 SCIENCE nadai ferathu. Sir G.C.E.O /L Paper marking fathil class nalai t
i know that nico and karolina make out or w/e in runaways & i haven't seen it & idk how i feel about it but that's entirely due to my preconceived notions from the comic.
My family is having the Tres Reyes Rosca bread being chopped today to see who’s making the party for the reveal of baby jesus. None of my family is lit enough to actually make any parties.
#Alexander Lee On S P S tworking = tweeting while working! ;p
the end of the fucking world é muito boooom
assisti the 1989 world tour com as meninas ontem e hoje estamos assistindo a speak now world tour
# H a b s Stuck watching the fkn Bruins. My husband a “fan”. Hate this team. Ugh
Is it hot in here or is it just me
I can make everything work except us
The day the twins quit social media is a day I don’t want to come but will
IN LOVE Kendrick Lamar i can read.
Been busy lately but i want you guys to know that i still misses you everyday & wish we could talk over video calling or whatever. Love you
My baby said he is ready to see his friends tomorrow ! Glad he has neighborhood friends and not confined indoors or under us all of the time
However, in March the supply of PAC will be reduced from 3 trillion to 3 billion in a swap of 1,000 old PAC for 1 new PAC. As a result, someone holding a million PAC will end up holding 1,000 PAC. (cont'd)
the kim's weren't mentioned... but namjoon'e character was already revealed
Defense can’t do this thing when they forget how to play defense and the opposing offense gets a TD in six plays
every time i remember the en affære cast i just laugh skdjsksk
Alex Mack helps Free out in the end zone
Debating on getting my nose pierced.. for the 3rd time.
IM LITEKTALLY GONA. HA E AN ANXIETY ATTACK
Somebody tell Bitty he seen me text him. since my social media knows how to get his attention.
I'm about to watch Akira for the first time. Lemme go to the store and the weed man real quick and make a night out of this
Freeman is the strongest rb alive lol
giftwrap is dumb. 95% of the time, you can just hand someone the thing and accomplish the same task. society has conditioned us to love wrapping shit up for no reason, probably by gift wrap industry people.
spending my sunday with him again
fuckkk wrong with these folks !
And in case this is not abundantly obvious from the other eighty six million times I have said it: I have lived and worked in the rural US for most of my adult life.
i drive with my knee more than i do my hands
Most people are lucky they can’t hear what I’m thinking
Im fucking up and getting over it! Im over ittttt!
Alex Mack kept them legs churning lol
I really don’t regret anything I’ve ever done in my life. Cuzz even tho I’ve done some real stupid shit I’m not proud of, Ive learned from it and I wouldn’t b the same person I am today
if u want dat shit u gotta be up late
Onesies are great, until you need to pee, then your sat on the toilet half naked freezing your tits off.
Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance.
Give that one to Alex Mack lol
What will it be today? 3500 Calories or complete starvation?
Guys are the worst.... they joke so god dam much that when someone pulls something on them they’re so pissed and swear so god damn much like relax bro
Just because it's not happening right now, doesn't mean it never will.
#NP Shapov, M.E.G. & N.E.R.A.K - Party People #AXT053 #Axtone Records
Ok. I have to throw out all the chocolate in my house I can’t stop eating it!!
I love how Alex is talking herself into an adventure! And look, there's a sign! #Love On The Slopes
I don’t like texting or talking on the phone
niggas will find any excuse not to talk to you , just to entertain another bitch .
Big or small, lies are lies.
Mack carried Freeman for the TD!!!
mmmm i just found out that they revived myth busters but with new people?? to say i'm mad is an understatement
SO-01G 's Battery level：80% Charging status：Discharge at 11:08:55
NIGHT THREE JUST MURDERED ME HFSJALKFM;LG,E;
Idk why I thought I would spend anything less than a whole day In the hair salon
Alex Mack basically scored the TD
Being as though I have made restrictions to my social life until then
I don't listen to much songs that are like instructional and stuff Unless it's in a concept, then it's fine
I will never go home To a house without you, Because truly, A house without you could never be a home.
It's only been thing on mind
I-N-D-E-P-E-N-D-E-N-T Do you know what that mean mayne?
He got rocked and STILL scored
“I want to dance with you that night but I don’t want your boyfriend coming and taking you” WHICH BOYFRIEND
can anyone dm me and talk ?
there he is trying to sell you things like a binch he knows if youre weak you will h e k n o w s
O'LONERA can put the hammer down, cross them & take plenty of catching. Quick back-up & S.Thornton is low-flying. Something E/W.
But you'll never be alone I'll be with you from dusk till dawn
Stop hitting my mf line only when you funny acting mfs need something !!! Stay off my shit
Eu fui falar de destiel e agora minha mente tá: i do everything you ask I always come when you call has anyone but your closest kin done more for you?
Young man very lucky to be ok # l i v e p d
if özil moves to united i would literally be so fucking happy
i’m so overprotective over Jaslyn ..
I swear everyday is make fun of brooke and make her feel like shit day
this bitch wanna eat a mothER FUCKING TIDE POD MMM
Hear her phone going off around 3 nigga that’s me calling do you got money for me
Hyman: Pitch works so well that it can be used for other things (e.g., intonation), so pitch is (so to speak) its own worst enemy, conflicting with itself—and thus non-universal. #LSA2018
“IVE BEEN TOO LIT ON SOCIAL MEDIA”
I won’t lie I miss him
I love doing nothing during Sunday except for going to church to attend the mass. #Good Morning
foxy came on the track live asf... “ who the FUCK, told bitches they could do what i do?”
So maybe, before getting all up in my mentions with your condescension, mansplaining, and pompousness, consider that I HAVE PROBABLY HEARD IT BEFORE.
My sister is P E T T Y ASS FUCK
SOLANGE SINGS BETTER THAN BEYONCE #FIGHTME
I’m make u scream my name durkioo
After ur vacation here, I'm going back to reality again. But always remember I will always love you.
Can’t be surprised by Julio’s low TD stats when Matt Ryan is his QB
It would be like Finding Nemo
Bridge/Tunnel Stoppage: EB on I-64 at I-64 Tunnel-HRBT E in Hampton. All travel lanes closed. Potential Delays.9:08PM
I love sprite but I can’t drink anymore
Need a team scrim in 15 min
lil jon falls off a table
As much as I want to blame everything on the refs. Smith should’ve put that away. #Mahomes Believer
it's beacon, but replace the 'e' with a '3', and add a pound symbol to the end.
On the bright side I found 1.30 on the ground today.
Neighbor cheating on his wife now they outside fighting
My phone froze so I furiously kept tapping the screen and it resulted in me accidentally tagging some dude I haven't spoken to since high school in a meme. Go me.
I thought Snoop was a Steeler?
There's one clue in the whole thing that tells who it is. Guess who's now going to frantically reread the entire thing an still won't find anything because I'm too shook #B T Soutcast D4
Weather got me staying in the crib like a bully moved into my neighborhood.
I finally had insomnia cookies last night, shit was bomb
"We of the # Church of #Jesus Christ # Christian , are proud that, even in these days our # church will always say, 'Thus saith the # Lord .'
terminei the end of the fucking world e eu PRECISO DE RESPOSTAS
Now Playing: [ Malik Mustache, N.E.O.N, Vinne - Rock U feat. Samantha Nova (Original Mix).mp4 ]
I'm so happy that donald actually comes up with plans for us and doesn't leave them all up to me.
I've become so numb, I can't feel you there
I missed Callie so much it was insane
or do tou not think so far ahead cause i been thinking u forever
i mean Cass is literally in competition w Regina at 2u, completely wiping Stiles' existence aside from like one quest where you fetch him materials (and you don't see him anyway) but yeah
I gOT SOMETHING IN MY E Y E
if you see me on twitter im probably depressed
Goodmorning. So excited, sc with my squad Wipiiey.
Then, the thing I never expected happened. She slapped me. Loud and hard.
IM BOUT TO START SOME SHIT!!!!!!
Couldn't thank my mama enough for what she had done for the 6 of us. We gonna make you proud my Queen.
Hungry... But too cold to go get food lol
My hair ain comb since Wednesday lol
Jackson, # Miss is sip pi , has crews working 12-hour shifts to repair # water lines. City says 94 water mains have broken since Jan. 1; 41 were repaired by today.
Why can't Kansas City just be in Kansas b
I want a camera soooo bad
entrando no wattpad e digitando harry styles na busca..
I guess you find out who your real friends are when you go through REAL shit
im seeing st. vincent on tuesday and im scared af. i love A N X I E T Y
Julio Jones is a baller, goodness gracious
Watch Black Mirror season 4 episode 4 on Netflix. Explains relationships in a nutshell these days
posting every 8 mins... T A E H Y U N G # b t sou t cast
My mom so uggh ! She so selfish all she think about is her self and her husband , my grandma needs us the most rn
You say you can't live without me so why aren't you dead yet? Why you still breathing? And you say you can't live without me
I know this is difficult for many of you to grasp, but the line you have been fed about the realities of rural America is missing considerable context and nuance.
I should point out I have had dreams about robots for the third night now.
advice of the night: never get your hopes up no matter what it’s about
Penis-Whitening Cosmetic Procedures Are Gaining Popularity in Thailand
We out here drippin' in finesse, It don't make no sense
treat me right and I’ll treat ya better
Being “woke” is such a wave now that if you have a disagreement, you’re belittled. I didn’t know that THAT was what it’s all about!
But, the trainer was really nice, and Kaoru loves P.E classes and when we sing, so it was all great! I had lots of fun!
Is It too cold to go out
"Brevity is the soul of wit"
I wish dogs lived longer, life wasn’t so expensive and people weren’t so shitty
Gases/Vapor - compressible fluid - density of gas/vapor is different based on temperature and pressure
Finally out of work Where's my rig ?
People would never pray or stepped into a church a day in their lives but claim God got a plan then.....tell me,how
So I caught a mouse with a glue trap at my house and I didn’t know how to kill it so I just lit it on fire
Enjoying my last day of freedom before the long week.
I'm shipping Siyeon to Sua. But this Siyeon and Minji's moment is freakin me out. Bigtime!
Wise men learn by other men's mistakes; fools by their own.
My # In stag ram # story is lit with # t a y l or swift # reputation dance party lol check out my # in stag ram joa_mariie777
Kansas City being in Missouri still weird to me
Dear UNLV Runnin' Rebels, can we please dismantle Utah State at home. Like how we are supposed to do!?
Bouta order some snacks from gopuff
knocking myself out with co-codamol just so I can sleep !! a&e tomoz I think
"Truly, the ' # famine of hearing the word of the # Lord ' has come upon us.
When both of your kids sleep early
31 degrees feels like a heatwave. m~ "Real Talk Ms.E The Power Broker"~
So in December he finally asked me to be his gf and well I said yes obviously I was so blind
1942 shots turned you to a monster
IMO...The Reid technique is evil. We all know what the product of evil is.
Algum dia estarei num show do Glass Animals, vou ouvir Dave Bayley dizer "this song is called Gooey"
gotta finish this essay, finish the video essay then start work on my dissertation which I have so far achieved 0% of AND have drafts ready for next Monday I AM NOT OKAY s e n d h e l p
Props to whomever is playing heartbreaker by zapp at this game #A T Lvs L A R
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
Dinner with the love of my life
my Improv teacher said I use a lot of sexual innuendo’s in scenes, but it was a scene about bowling! How could I not?! Holes, balls, shafts, it was too easy!
The Democratic Republic of Congo is the 1930s China of today.
all you had to do was stay.
Final- ECR and Palisades tied 0-0
And, I'm rooting for #cbb Malika she's the best so far #CBB
Overhearing drunk white girls complain about guys is one of the funniest fuckin things hahaha you tell him girl
usually in eoverse you get the "there's a lot of inns round here but mine/theirs is the best!!" so the same applies for the bars/restaurants where you pick up quests right?
I might stay in haven’t made my mind up yet
Just fucking ONCE I would like to post SOMETHING about rural policy and not have urbanites all up in my mentions about it.
Girls in relationships love coming on to me it's so annoying af
My momma so confused when it comes to looks ,she be quick asf to call somebody ugly like girl look at yo daughter ,tf i cant call nobody child ugly pmo
and here they go, fighting about me.. like always..
"Nobody knows me" I'm not so sure about that #B T Soutcast D4
Female pains are just shite, got a headache from hell and my stomach feels like a fucking hollow Easter Egg!
The realest shit I’ve ever read came from a children’s book. “Sometimes people laugh when they like you. But sometimes they laugh to hurt you.”
“all of you only wanted to help hoseok” is that bcos everyone that yoongi controlled helped hoseok in one way or another bcos their games are synced e.g giving lives, going up to protect jungkook etc.
when will the poll be up i want to s l e e p
Sitting here watching #NJPW #Wrestle Kingdom & writing music. These matches are crazy!
Proven fact: If a group/artist has a song entitled Beautiful the members/artist who performed it is also Beautiful. e.g.: PENTAGON WANNA ONE MONSTA X Crush
Is it too late now to say sorry? Cause I'm missing more than just your body
Its still hella early and the rams can pull this win off. Im just saying, I dont understand why no one had the falcons.
I love reading the wishes my mama wrote for my lil bro and yad's mum wrote for him. :') so sincere so pure.
Hey so uhh I stole a whole pizza from a twoleg S N E A K Y B O Y
Raptors are currently taking on the moundsview mustangs! Raptors are up 1-0 after the 1st. Let’s go girls!!!!
Ahaaaa what if you could bring ur dog 2 a rave? Crazy shit
Love your enemies. Do good to those who hate you. Speak well of those who curse you. -Luke 6:27-28 #LCF
And now we’re back to arguing about what countries count as being in Europe or not.
Do I need to be liked? Absolutely not. I like to be liked. I enjoy being liked. I have to be liked. But it's not like a compulsive need to be liked. Like my need to be praised.
Never mind. I lied. But not about you bitches being ducks.
..... I like S u m m e r
this food rollinggggg i was so hungryy. glad i decided to cook this
There's exactly one person on deadline at Massari Arena tonight and we have had a 10-minute stoppage of play ... in the first game... because of a shot clock problem....
50% off the Next Order We Recieve:)
shut the fuck up nigga ive seen yo diick
Got home about an hour ago, just completed the first episode of f.r.i.e.n.d.s and yassss + Morgan is the slogan
why am i so IRRELEVANT I JUST WANT 2/2 BITCH
i can't believe i called it
life is sooo good right now
bene ora sono in dubbio tra jungkook, jimin e taehyung. bts who? i obly know trust issues #B T Soutcast D4
"Yet, how many # churches remind their people of this?
Aaron Gordon had two very cool alley oop dunks during that run
I need to get out of this house.
u can be a bad bitch without bein a dumb bitch so
Lmao people think I'm younger than 18
I'm Martin I'm forgotten I'm replaced I'm nothing
all the real playa niggas from back in the day had a healthy balance of masculinity &feminity. &thats why they was soooo smooth. niggas aint smooth nowadays. yall e/o groupies
3 redzone tds in 2 seasons
Surely this drive will lead to a TD
I heard ya pussy on yuck
We lost a true great today. We love you Ben E. King. Thank you for the music.
ion be knowing what to say to certain things i disagree wit i rather say nothing
Howmi supposed to put sunscreen on my head wtf
"I'm so nervous. I've always been nervous, ever since I was a kid."
Ay man yall mad wild on curious cat
so now it’s namjoon? N E WAYS
Why does Apple Music only have Aaliyah’s first album ...like come on now
I'm doing this new thing where if I make eye contact w/ somebody instead of breaking it, I smile. It makes me feel more at peace #embrace That Eye Contact
Life begins at the end of your comfort zone.
White girl... Blonde... Not Hannah Montana.... Nickname Liz..... L I Z Z I E M C G U I R E
ngl sometimes when I go to Disney I coordinate my outfit with the ears I'm gonna wear but other times I go in straight pjs lol
Vegeta will rise to the occasion
Magic have the lead down to 10...
Why do i procrastinate drawing when it f e e l s s o g o o d
Liquid - able to flow and does not have a specific form - change to another shape or form if shear stress involved - uncompressible fluid
the walk from your car to your apartment after leaving the liquor store is THE most crucial
20h Johnson County Graphic: Temp. 33.6 °F, Hum. 47 %, Bar. 30.38 inHg, Rain 0 in, Wind 7.6 mph E # Weather cloud
Production looks great for #Team Shaggy4 Kids on #FLOW
I need a touchdown matt Ryan. I’m tired of field goals
I was a hot ass mess last night
L: “Let’s go to playscape!” A: “I thought you were lazy???” L: “Not for playscape!”
The E channel shows "Sex and the City" more than BET shows "Babyboy"
"The # Bible clearly warns us to make no # leagues with the # enemies of # God , regardless of the ostensible purposes thereof.
Keeping your skin intact is a full time job...
Y’all I’m so mad my hair is so light and fine that my scalp gets sunburnt THRU the hair smh
23h Maverick station: Temp. 22.1 °C, Hum. 44 %, Bar. 1015.1 hPa, Lluvia 0 mm, Viento 4.7 km/h E # Weather cloud
Y’all never tag the cute friends. Seems rude.
Love seeing my niggahs living, couple years back shit was different
Sis. Make me pull out the button down & pencil skirts. I mean BUSINESS. I didn’t come to play w y’all. I came to make money.
ALERT: 11900 E 22nd St S - Shots Heard #Crime Stream # Tulsa #StaySafe Tulsa
The grass really isn’t greener on the other side
TH E CREATOR POPPED OFF YALL # b t s o u t c a s t d 4
went from having the Glizzy side burns to a full beard in 6 months.
Ion get why the falcons were huge underdogs.. the falcons and matty ice have been here before... Like goff dont got the experience.. no matter how good everyone else is.
so now we have to reread the w ho l e thing
shoot yo shot & hold nothing back in 2018!!!!!
That yukky American Apparel-style hipster sexploitation of women musos e.g. Uffie, Karen O, Bonde do Rolê, New Young Pony Club, Crystal Castles
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later. Og Mandino
Greece is definitely next on my list aaa i want to see it so bad
And they all have Many Gay Weapons. And that's good <3. D e l i c i o u s. "I have compiled a"
I'll be your number one with a bullet a loaded God complex, cock it and pull it
Tee hee, don't worry, Teach. I'll keep your little secret.
my best friend can't stop being my best friend. that bitch knows too much.
I AM T I R E D #B T Soutcast D4
Can a guy and girl be "just friends" - I say yes, but it never works out that way.
When you wanna let an elderly man have your seat in the train but you’re in women’s coach and he’s not supposed to be here
Convincing myself not to text you because all you do is leave me on read.
It's the same as my text tone, and Delfino Plaza as ringtone.
Lion King is on right now !
We just got to the movies with my little sister to watch a cartoon and she is so disappointed that we are not watching Star Wars
There were sirens in the beat of your heart.
They're are always flowers for those who want to see them.
Who wants to see a magic trick live on here
Idgaf what he look like , if you ever find a real nigga you better keep him
We're going down, down in an earlier round and sugar, we're going down swinging
Tests of courage never scared me. I sang to myself to keep the fear away. But the people started to talk about the ghostly voice haunting the castle... The rumors were so widespread that I was embarrassed to admit it was me.
Rascal Flatts is underrated NO ONE TALK to me thank u
Traveling the world as a writer--sounds good to me! #Love On The Slopes
I’ve been wondering all day why my knee hurts and I just remembered I fell and busted ASS in the snow leaving the venue last night
fellas if you're still struggling to get ya beard to grow use coconut oil.
DOES THIS MEAN JOON KNOWS THIS PERSON
"How many # sermons have you heard demanding that we cease making treaties and "Executive Agreements" [...] satisfactory to the # Reds ?
But i dont know who the bigger joke is, the person posting the pics or people who believe it's actually them.smh
Singing is legit my first L O V E
Got laughed at when I said the Titans will beat the chiefs
I couldn’t figure out what I wanted to eat so my mother said fuck it eat jello
That shit gets on my mf nerves
Sick of always having a damn headache.
Some people are just so full of shit that it’s funny
okay so the hint, what if the choice of "run" refers to the song and remember the one clip of taehyung killing someone with a w e a p o n #B T Soutcast D4
i'll fight anyone who tries to tell me the one piece rap isn't hard
I hate that when I care, I CAAAAARE. Caring is a dumb bitch tbh. Lol
my dad just called me a teenage thug punk... lol alr
About to have all kinds of attitudes...
Like at first i wasn't into her i only liked wendy and yeri but now i moved to joy and seulgi h e l P
I knew it was regular for bitches to dickride or hate but when niggas do it ... you already know the shit
The WORSE type of DEAD BEAT is one that don’t know he a DEAD BEAT
(Wave) SWELL: 6.2 ft at 9.1 s E / WIND WAVE: 7.6 ft at 5.6 s E / WVHT: 9.8 ft / APD: 6.5 s / MWD: 81° / 3:40p HST
Life and emotions can be so hard when people don’t understand you.
Slim the episode of Martin when he found out GINA make more money than him and he went around flexing he went in the restaurant and said “give me the best goat you got, matter fact make it a Billie goat”
Sun, 07 Jan 2018, let us all send Doug E. Doug the best Happy Birthday wishes today ( # c e bi day ) (48)
A serie "The end of the f***ing the world" é moh da hora
S : sweet I : innocent C: cute A: a star
ARIANA GRANDE E JOHN LEGEND CANTANDO BEAUTY AND THE BEAST EU TO CHORANDO
some indirect me i'm tryna selife
I’m watching SVU and this black guy was actually trying to help this white girl who was drugged she’s discombobulated says “he raped me!” now this man on trial
Can we stop making jokes about drinking bleach and eating Tide pods None of you know what it's like to want to actually want to.
“I’m sorry but” seems to be the intro of choice for y’all close-minded opinions
>Find out Govt closed two radio stationsn o t r e a l i s m.
UPDATE: Smith had several marijuana syringe marks on his asscheeks. A common symptom among marijuana overdose victims. So sad.
I can be faithful I’m just not finna be nobody fool.
(Wave) SWELL: 6.9 ft at 10.0 s E / WIND WAVE: 8.2 ft at 8.3 s E / WVHT: 10.8 ft / APD: 6.8 s / MWD: 83° / 10:40p WGT
26Hrs later finally confirmed that shits always stressing
(Wave) SWELL: 1.0 ft at 10.0 s E / WIND WAVE: 3.3 ft at 6.2 s NE / WVHT: 3.6 ft / APD: 4.2 s / MWD: 47° / 8:40p EST
every few minutes i need to remind myself: max asked me out because honestly, because of the fact that it seems like something he wouldn't d, i end up forgetting plus its a dream come true a 5 year dream come true at that
chef Y O U ɢᴏᴛ C O L E S L A W on my a d i d a s
Thank god for the people who save messages on snap Bc I always forget to
one clue throughout the whole game, there are too many clues for jin, one clute throughout the e n t i r e game, her profile picture is tae that could be the one clue # b t s o u t c a s t d 4
Reading Fire and Fury while marathoning French films. Waiting for next # trump shoe to drop. Great # sat u r day entertainment. # sat u r day nightmassacre
Had to give e a talk before he does anything stupid tonight
Champa let out a loud yawn, stretching her arms above her head. "Ge-e-ez... Where is everyone...?"
Just waking up... Good evening Twitter hoping everyone's day went well and everyone night goes great to all be safe out here
I wouldn't feel sorry about it one ounce.
TwinSurvivalist: [Travel agency] Eddie Money: We'll take two tickets to... Axl Rose: NOVEMBER RAIN! E: A: E: A: E: We rehearsed this 32 times, asshole.
Once you embrace your value, talents and strengths, it neutralizes when others think less of you.
Okay come offense get it together!!
The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique
Fluid - not water but something that able to flow and does not have specific form. Example : liquid and vapor/gases
i hate you . bwiset e!
Pre-listing Governor's house Open House! This Fri-Sun 1-5pm. 4416 E Oak St. SF, SD
This bartenders shirt says “Best hooker in the bay”
Ronnie and Roxy need to do.
Lobo, need to share my level of depression whit you rn H E L P
I’m logging off of snap I think I just sent something to the wrong person
I'm amazed we've made it to the year 2018! Didn't the left tell us that the polar ice caps would have melted by now?! #Texas District21
Lmaoo I dont think anyone got that
I'll give outcast a chance once my wifi is back
Rituem sagradum in il nombre di il mismisimi god qie curem e limpium ourselves my selve. He live in me and i trust in hem ever.
Snoop Dogg at the game throwin up the sets. R E P R E S E N T
E PQ O NAMJOON DOESNT KNOW HEIN
Oh won't you stay with me? Cause you're all I need
"Perhaps they may # s e r m o n i z e in huge indignation against the man who takes a glass of beer but, how many sermons have you heard # denouncing those who have barred # Christ from our # schools ?
i listened to that video and now i feel bad for rt but i can’t unrt but homies was busting veins i can tell
And by someone I mean my wife. If she knew I liked her
Can’t help it to check the gas tank meter before getting in somebody’s car.. i hate those ppl who think it’s okay to ride on E. “i know my car, it ain’t empty yet”
that splash of toxicity keeps shit spicy
I was so blessed to meet as many doggos and cattos as I did in Newcastle too I petted all of them too
ready for something serious but all these bitches be ducks
Over hearing chicks analyze a selfie or a usie before they post it has to be the funniest shit in life ever
Ok guys who is your favourite interceptor winner goes through to next round you can only pic one from each group Group e
Wanted to go to buku but these flight prices got me FUCKED UP
Can this semester be over so I can go to Alaska already? # i have the travel bug
I’m not entirely sure what sort of person I was before meeting Chrom.
Why don’t you stay for the night? Or maybe a bite?
Aye DM your serial number (last 4 of SSN) Im tryna something
Not lien & keeping it a million is the only way to deal with me .
Each time I cut my hair, I still use the same unecessary large amount of conditioner that I used before I cut it
Right now my two favorite authors who fit this description are Patrick Rothfuss and Alyssa Wong. Beautiful words woven together to create evocative stories, gentle or bizarre descriptions that leave you thinking, and the like
At the same time I understand India I can't agree for some of her words. It's not fair that she don't value the fight of LGBT+ rights. I know this is so brand new for her, but damm girl... I like a British version of Caytlin Jenner # c b b
take me to your best friends house...
i got drugs i got lean does it look like i care
Wow I’m finally showering at 2am
Time flies like a bird The turning of the world I'd like to go even things are wrong So long!【LAST GOOD-BYE】
Went out last night after almost a month, got there at 11:40pm, but at 1am I wanted to go home na. # t it a mode
Crazy how listening to a song will transform you back to a certain time. MJB, My Life=1994,WSSU, etc...
“through the entire game” THAT NUMBER WAS THER E THE ENTIRE GAME THAT HAS TO BE IT
Why, why I tell them that it's human nature why, why does he do that way
❝I'm f l a w l e s s, murderous & the hottest. Aren't I Bon Bon~❞ #Bonnie Bot
“you know wind?” “nah tell me bout it” “it’s the uh air ocean”
The only way I could love my boyfriend more is if he was food.
Lol Snoop Doggs a phony.. Steeler fan in a Rams jacket
Thats so mf dead . It’s over
Man I swear I’ve seen snoop in every single teams gear
i feel so annoying and worthless
"If that be # danger , I say 'Let's have more of it!' Nothing else can bring us out of this quicksand in which our # nation is sinking.
Just wanna make out with someone while listening to Arctic Monkeys and wearing my new thigh highs.
There are communication tools DESIGNED to Foster clarity and consensus (e.g. Loomio) for fucks sake
“I’m not submissive I’m just lazy”
Too much salt on my TL right now.
she's falling, but she doesn't think he'll catch her
i can’t believe i get to hug THE brandon a r r e a g a ON MONDAY NEXT WEEK
why is tjer e aPlastic fork on my bed wtfsggssj
I hate when people be unnecessarily mean..... Like chill
everytime someone writes "annyeong" i read "annoying" at first. seriously e v e r y goddamn time
Do not look at the Haruka of not cheating the original? # t w i rob o
Martin is a shota who dresses up like a lolita. A Sholita
Have ya even been in Cross Keys if ya don’t take a mirror pic in toilet
Some people should stop caring about other's mistales without caring about themselves first. If your'e that type of person, I wish you'd stop. It's freaking annoying.
TRAFFIC UPDATE: as of 09:33 am Expect Heavy Traffic along E.Angeles st. going to Sagad to Dr. Pilapil due to funeral march of our Former Mayor Soledad Eusebio. TPMO on site # pas i gin f o [admin10]
I would say last night was the scariest drive I've ever had to do due to how foggy it was. I dead ass couldn't see anything for shit
Pharoh Cooper is not having fun... #A T Lvs L A R
Honestly has a lovely time in Newcastle with my angel
some lads are a fair bit deluded
MAMAAAAA. I LOVE YOU I MISS YOU HIHIHI.
When will pink release her UK tour dates?! Like Ive been waiting WEEKS
YOU'RE REALLY LEAVING US LIKE THIS I AM S U E I N G #B T Soutcast D4
“It’s the littlest gestures that go the longest way; do something that delights her.”
Went out for drinks with my department for the first time ever. Drank a bottle of wine to myself and snuck out before 7:00pm. Fairly successful evening.
Manhunter: Unabomber is my shit right now.
The meme of January 2018 would be Logan Paul. He deserved everyone's laughter.
I was guna change yah life but I don’t wanna break your heeaarttt
My mind and body is still not ready for tomorrow
I love it when Toquan cooks because he cooks way better than I do.... but I still have to do the dishes
Lincoln Ne locked in and ready. Be safe, LEOs! # l i v e p d
De wey memes have revived me
"It is well that war is so terrible, lest we should grow too fond of it." ---- Gen. Robert E. # Lee (1807-1870), #America's greatest military general officer.
So, shine bright tonight you and I we're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
now own the video of dan wiping out snowboarding # pure gold
A week into 2018 and I haven't yet gone to sleep naturally, every time it's been passing out from exhaustion. Good start to the year
Google Pixel 2 XL Has A Voice Recording Bug In Messaging Apps
Important question: zombie apocalypse. You've been bitten and turned. What destination does your zombie brain memory recall take you to?
"Just a few years ago, the then head of the National Council of # Churches spoke of what he called 'The # danger that the great # religious # awakening which is taking place in our country might become fanatical and be carried into our # political and # business life!'
my yt homepage is a mess djxjdndn
ENTIRELY UNRELATED but existence past the experience spending crash.
I feel like I’m going crazy. I’ve been on my phone too much and in the house too long
don't think you realise how much I care about you
I feel like watching Eureka It’s been such a long time
Swear it was Friday .... nah it’s SATURDAY!!
After that second turnover if the Falcons only go up 9-0 they will lose. #Wild Card Weekend #Falconsvs Rams #Ramsvs Falcons #N F L Wild Card #N F C Wild Card
Damn it Stars Wars fans got parking a mile from the door and it's cold as hell out here
Lmao this is a jookkeeeeeeee wtfffffff
Woke up with a random burger in my hand.
INTELSAT-20/68.5'E $ HBO (india) FREQ:3974 V 19500 PowerVu_Key: ECMKey=00: DE4C93B65B8F0A ECMKey=01: E429B81767E02E
I need a W&G watch buddy
The last third of The Man from U.N.C.L.E is an incoherent mess, but its a fun spy movie with a great cast.
I trip out in all my “homies” that keep following my girl on Instagram. I really don’t get why y’all needs follow her she ain’t even from Salas i know y’all don’t know her
Vancouver should take the horseshoe out of their backside. Frustrating.
Happiness is a state of mind. Are you happy?
I love you so much. Thank you for everything. Thank you for making me feel special everyday. Thank you for making me happy.
Antoinio said “bubba I have to tell you something... I love you my sweethearttt” an angel
It’s official! R. E. Lee - soon to be Geneva Heights - is an authorized International Baccalaureate work school.
Booted up my PSVR for the first time in awhile and tried out Accounting +. Goofy, immersive, and genuinely fun.
guys... i think i found the way out... to safety nOOoNM o they foUND M,E AGAIN HELP AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
#Fire And Fury ‘This was the peculiar and haunting consensus—not that Trump was guilty of all that he was accused of, but that he was guilty of so much else.’ i.e. “Don’t follow the money."
Haven’t got cute in a while I feel it’s time
Not spending this entire year dealing with the same bs from late year.
Don’t ask me how because I don’t know, but I can already taste the carvery I’m gonna ha e tomorrow
both of my DS are dead and I'm sad
This Dave Chappelle special got me cryingggg
really need to take a nap but fuck it , about to get out
flirtaus might as well be a celebrity with the amount of followers she has
When playing uno, you’re allowed to throw a draw 2 if someone threw one before you.
Crit Racing at UON Ourimbah for the 17/18 season resumed this Sunday the 7th January. D, E and F Grades were the first away.
Wow. Rams literally fumbling this game away.
When 1st time watch Wolf Baby MV i almost can't find Wooyeop here n' i see someone say that Siwoo less screen time so how with Wooyeop ??
It’s a Saturday night but I think I might just get some Chinese food and stay home watch Netflix
I swear oomf is always wearing the same thing when I see them
I love when West Indian, AfAm, and African cultures intersect in certain regards (i.e. Food, dance, music, etc..) Everyone has a unique identity but the way we respond/act within those cultures is pretty damn similar.
Seeking recommendations for fantasy authors whose prose is like music.
Seriously. Can y’all tag your tweets
My bestie gives EVERYONE a nickname so whenever I call someone by their god given name she has no clue who the hell im talking about. Like I cannot
It's been a long day without you, my friend and I'll tell you all about it when I see you again
all the teen heroes are like 'we should just talk this out' oh you sweet summer children... other people already tried that and s.h.i.e.l.d. lied to their faces it's fighting time!
I like you! let's be friends!
Kazee is a helluva special teams player and is makes plays rn
Why people making everything based off a vibe . Wtf happened to communication??
Alcohol has not been my friend
Jesus also referred to as Jesus of Nazareth or Jesus Christ,[e] is the central figure of Christianity, whom
daddy and son had a good ole time in Chuck E. Cheese without me
scp-035 just went right in. damn good quote
When your friend tells you he and his family member always “butt heads.” #Wrong Times To Laugh
Half the time I tweet shit, im fuccked up. Like now :)
anywfo im sad bc all my jbternet froends are abt to leave me alone n idunno wut to do bc whenever friend(s) leave me i just feel all e n um unwantef so
i knew it was either seokjin or taehyung i k n e w it
I never shoot my shot cause last time I did, it didn’t work out
MY BRAINS ARE F R I E D #B T Soutcast D4
All ladies lets get this tweet known so he can see it
- do these niggas how they do you all 2018 me and nae motto .
I’m still geeked that they brought this show back!
Social media has ruined y'all minds..giving you false interpretations of what's good and what's not.
Who is this team? It's like their gassin out early!! # R o c k e t s
Half of meeting someone right for you, is not keeping the wrong people around (so there’s room for someone who’s a better fit).
I apologize wholeheartedly to the memory of Faith’s grandma.
Praise God for friends that I can say, "Thank God, I'm not the only one."
Day 7 of 2018 D A M I N G P R O B L E MA
If Yall Try And Say I Just Started Watchin Hockey
When I hold the warmth of your body, there is nobody that I'd rather hold
As a mercenary, I'd think you would have realized that by now. You care nothing for power, or money, or even sex.
If I start using vitamin E oil is it guaranteed my skin will clear up?
#B T Soutcast D4 lets be honest, the creator/kidnapper isnt taehyung. hes too busy playing with his gucci products.
"You see this condition largely prevailing right now. In how many # churches can you hear any but "soothing syrup" # sermons , to get your mind off the # evil conditions?
I was wondering how Ryan would react to the Beatles quiz lmfao perfect
I really do think it's jin tho, the whole not callimg yoongi hyung is a big clue cmon y'all
Awful news to report, # Chiefs QB Alex Smith was just found dead at his locker from an apparent marijuana overdose.
Guy: All you need for a relationship to last is loyalty and trust Me: Wrong! You can be loyal asf and trust them wholeheartedly but that still won't stop them from leaving you
bagley trent yall deserve to fucking lose i o e n care
I'm looking into booking my local library's meeting room for a book launch open house. The 5th rule in their user agreement for the space is "no games of chance may be played." I love my library
Can’t nobody stop what God got planned for my family and I. We striving everyday. We gotta get it.
I have to get a car SOON.
Please play Mic Drop Remix by BTS!!!! #Most Requested Live
Road Work - E. HARTFORD #RT3 South at RT 3 SB Start at 1/6/2018 9:01:48 PM # c t traffic
This new show on Netflix is so odd but I like it
But I’ve been telling myself i need to slow down drinking anyway
Maybe give his spot and funding to an American.
Who real enough to let me use their id
I remember years ago someone told me I should take caution when it comes to love I did
tyler the creator e frank ocean shipp dos gaystan de hiphop
My space heater is rattling. Hope it doesn't blow up.
My profile either got a lot better or a lot worse. Either way, alright.
this is the only theory i'm listening to fuck u
Special teams and defense is giving us every opportunity to take a hell of a lead, our offense just doesn’t want to take them
He takes longer than me to get ready
i love your energy and i love who you are so glad i met you in 2017 , this year our year - Omari
#My Million Dollar Idea Is to find someone who can print a million dollars Until then it's work as usual
Damn, I Sure Am Tired After A Long Day Of Being An Elite Ass Nigga.
PSA THE LION KING IS ON BITCHES I REPEAT THE LION KING IS ON FREEFROM RN PSA
KENTA I L O VE YOU SO MUCH
Hazard Eglinton Ave E & Warden Ave [41 Div.] 01/06 20:48 # S car borough # Toronto
Psicadelia_Groove's top 5 artists this week: Boogarins (13), Tame Impala (11), Death Grips (5), Felipe Cordeiro (5), Mark Ronson (4) # j o t a f m
falem mal de "the handmaid's tale" e eu passo-me
They say don't question god but #Fly High E
WA RAGA OFF TOPIC MA TENG NA CAZZ E FAM
"This is kinda how the Super Bowl started for the Falcons" O V E R I T
Fanart idea: Sakamoto visiting his mother Mary Poppins.
Cooper the same one who fumbled against 9ers week 1 to give them a chance. I didn’t want him returning anymore after that game. LOOK NOW!
It’s crazy how one misperception of a situation can make someone push you out of their life completely and how those same people can’t admit their own faults
I could really use a date night
the end of the fucking world é muito boaaa
Roblox keeps removing Mans Not Hot I'm A N G E R Y
its either taehyung or jimin, i feel it
Made a pact with mainly myself , but my Bestfriend as well. She can’t drink for 6 months and she wants me to join her
Imagine being a person who burns a Coutinho shirt for social media cause he left. Probably spend like 50 quid on the shirt just sell it on eBay ffs
This woman has no idea how much she effects me, and how much I would cut her out of my life if I could.
I don’t rap to be better than other people. I rap to express how I feel. But like if you think ur better, battle me. You’ll lose aha.
if i blocked mariotas touchdown pass attempt and he still gets a touchdown like how he just did.. yall just lock me up for murder. id lose my shit.
SO YOU CAN THROW ME TO THE WOLVES, TOMORROW I WILL COME BACK, LEADER OF THE WHOLE PACK, BEAT ME BLACK AND BLUE, EVERY WOUND WILL SHAPE ME EVERY SCAR WILL BLUID MY T H R O N E
pro of living with me, my room is a trippy room, decked out and continues to grow with dope tapestries and trippy art work i make
n e way where is thay POLL so i can VOTE and then takr a THICC SLEEP
"and they shall wander from sea to sea and from the north even to the east, they shall run to and fro to seek the # word of the # Lord and shall not find it.
da semana: New Order (14), The Beatles (7), George Ezra (5), Paramore (5), Iggy Pop (4), The Smiths (4), Arctic Monkeys (3) # j o t a f m
all the messes up fights, & slamming doors
I think I’m ready to appreciate our wild snowscape again - unpredictable and heavy, with a scent like cold bleached paper - and for a while yet.
where ar e my tIGHTS HOW DO I GO TO TEACH WITHOUT MY TIGHTS I CAN'T JUST S HOW AN ANKLE TO 150 UNDERGRADS
# Herrmann : Sueurs froides ("Vertigo")-BO film Alfred Hitchcock # Herrmann : extrait - Orch Philh Los Angeles / E.P.Salonen . # Radio # classical music
Some big fanbase please speak up. This is going mess now
don’t hate the player, hate the game
So love me like you do, la-la-love me like you do
Ok, ok - there's always the Jacksonville game...
I'm trynna sleep in da pyramid
when i first saw you, i never expected that you would mean the world to me.
i know you wanna be in my b.e.d
There's no e in suing is there. Fuck sake.
#Now Playing Law (Clean) by Yo Gotti ft E 40
That’s why you hold on to it and don’t ever forget that you did good with less just gotta deal with the stress
Now i can catch up on my Will&Grace while retwisting my Locs # R i t u a l s
Went to sky zone to jump on trampolines. Next is Chuck E. Cheese tomorrow before we leave.
jacob loves my fake girlfriend more than he loves me its official
" # Amos 8:11-12 gives the warning: 'Behold the days come, saith the Lord # God , that I will send a # famine in the land: not a # famine of bread, nor a thirst for water, but of hearing the words of the # Lord :
You have shitty taste in music & you should be ashamed of yourself.
Lord please don’t let us lose in Thompson-Boling 3 years in a row
To love is nothing. To be loved is something. But to love and be loved, that’s everything
i: rt porn i also: undo those rts the next day why
i ball every single day of my life
If you can’t roll with nails , you’re an amateur
Like really? That’s the best thing you could come up with? But if I didn’t tip her I would be the reason she couldn’t buy dinner huh? FUCK TIPPING. #Do Ur Job
Gustavo Machado's top 5 artists this week: Dua Lipa (35), BTS (18), Pristin (17), Ariana Grande (14), Camila Cabello (13) # j o t a f m
My mom told me if she won the lotto, she’s buy me boobs. #Shes The Real M V P
my 5 year old sister is going to church looking like a kpop idol... lmao
I'd just like to say I'm very happy with this cause I feel like this is the first tangible proof of my progress in a longgggg ass time
"serendipity" - guessing you mean the song - nice concept - great lyrics - lovely mv (& jimin's acting!) - didn't like it at first (but that happened with quite a few other songs too) - yellow is lovely - t h e o r i e s
I seem to only remember the most boring bits of my dreams e.g. losing my slippers then miraculously finding them on my feet again; admiring a buffet table full of bread
TRADER: Which Brokers do you recommend? FX ROBOT: I trade with many ECN brokers, e.g. , IronFX, FX Pro, etc. #Forex Robot
I can’t wait til my boyfriend and I get married and start our family
I been in a bad mood and litteraly getting mad when almost anyone messages me cause I don't want to talk to people
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars? Icould really use a wish right now wish right now, wish right now
I see how you niggas be looking... I hope you don't think you no bully.
i really just wanna stay in tonight
SEUNGKWAN HAS CHOSEN TO k e e p i t....
when you go from calling off work left and right all break to realizing you gotta deal with all your jobs, classes, and presidency again... stressed is an understatement rn
I hate mfs that grab the bottle just to take a picture with it and didn’t put in shit
I want to block sooooo many people but I know they'd just sign into someone else's account!
She coming home drunk tonight, woot, woot
T1: Report for my station at 2:00 am Temperature: -4→ Relative humidity: 92→ Pressure: 1030.90→ Wind: 0→ from the E. Daily rain: 0.0.
Starting Monday I’ll be back on my regular schedule and busy as ever
Spread your wings, across the universe It's your time to, it's your time to shine There's a light inside of all of us Soon, you'll find that it's your time to fly Your time to fly
I forgot to get woods. im hot, i had em in my hand and everything
omg this episode is crazy wasn’t ready.
What’s up with these turnovers UGH Why are players careless in important games #A T Lvs L A R
I spent five hours at Barnes & Noble just reading & writing.
I saw a couple bickering who to bring the items on the counter. They are buying sanitary pads and the cashier is a guy. Boys only: are you embarrased buying sanitary pads for your girls/sisters? rt if you are a girls and you have the same question.
I’m convinced y’all niggas play basketball through any type of weather
I am going to destroy my upstairs neighbors. How can 2 people make so much noise 24/7. Do you ever leave for work??????? Do you ever sleep???????
this bitch is getting UNPLUGGED TONIGHT
LOL that moment when someone who hates you still quotes you in their talk in a positive way! Bonus points when you can tell that it hurt. ;-)
Places where walls serve their purpose and help people: 1. Buildings
y'all i got the thought of the sanvers wedding kiss being like in 2x19 where they both cup each other's faces and i felt so soft
It's Kim Army end of discussion. #B T Soutcast D4
Anybody wanna play defense?! Is there one...?
Random thought: the difference between a Gothic and a non-Gothic novel is that the Gothic always reflects the French Revolution and the non-Gothic always investigates the Napoleonic Wars.
Debating on Logans or TGI FRIDAYS
the girl helping out with our party at chuck e. cheese’s called me baby at least 4 times LESSSSGETTTITTTT
"Every time you tear a leaf off a calendar, you present a new place for new ideas and progress." -Charles Kettering
lowkey missing people in 2b2 hais
Just want to be 100% happy, back to my old self... is that too much to ask
Weekend will be complete if i see my left.
#Karachi Weather: Currently Smoke And 12°C. Sunny Weather Today. Humidity: 68% and Wind: 5 Km/h Check Time: January 07, 2018 at 07:00AM
pp s q u a n d e r e d
02:56 CET: Temperature: 8,1°C, Wind: E, 3 mph (ave), 6 mph (gust), Humidity: 28%, Rain (hourly) 0,0 mm, Pressure: 1004 hPa, rising slowly
My question is how did some people figure out the message behind the symbols of someone the messages e.g. "youcreatedthegame" or smthg like that
I lost my ring for a split second and I felt the tears coming I’m so dramatic
"What consequences must such "prudence" bring, when the # wicked march from # power to greater # power in the land and few dare raise a voice in protest?
Why would anyone set themselves up to have a broken heart?
The Falcons are awful man. How do you not capitzalize on gifts from a team that’s good like the Rams?
Never forget that Stone Cold gave Stacey Keebler a Stunner.
I be feelin sooo cocky after I ink a deal. I closed one today and one yesterday and now you can't tell me shit
It time to cash in on your great presentation – Read: Top Tips and Tools to Make Your Next Online Presentation Sizzle
I need new friends im boutta move & start over
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn well, that's all right because I like the way it hurts
I’m not fine , but I’m fine I’ll be okay though
02:00 Temp -2.1 C Falling. Wind 0.0 mph E. Gust 2.2 mph(Calm). Press 1022.3 hPa, Rising slowly. Rain 0.0 mm. Hum 78% # i w n
anyway y'all probably figured out I'm on break so the next ten minutes is just going to be eo or kujuu shitposting
My favorite use of "Genius" is on Wile E Coyote's business card. #Looney Tunes # Literally
Long ass day of work I’m just trying to chill tonight no negative vibes
I was so hungry that i cooked this meal for myself and suddenly I’ve lost my appetite ...
Upcoming Event: La Habra - Cruise Night At La Habra 300 Bowl January 6, 2018 at 06:00PM 370 E Whittier Blvd, La Habra, CA 90631, USA
I am sooo hungry. All I want to do is go home, see my lil baby and eat a chicken cheesesteak
Raegan watches some amount of shite when she’s on her own
I miss my singing career very much.
You can set up 3 periods when the Robot executes trades, thus making more profits during high market volatility, e.g. Economic News.
I b liking alcohol n sex a little TOO much
Follow arbmemes R E T W E E T IF YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS Now Please Follow Back!! #Team Follow Back #500a Day # M e m e s
Well I thought this relationship was gon be different Bc we talked for so long and he was just gaining my trust if only I knew jajaja
Why does it take a minute to say hello and forever to say goodbye?
spell "supremo" in three letters A.C.E
tunnel vision RN I’m otw straight to the top watch me
haha it’s real good that my bf is across the world bc he would be / v e r y / mad to know how much I just spent at TJ Maxx :-)
The only thing I have against you is that Steve and Lynn are /together/. And you know that.
RAMS WTF. I CANT EVEN SAY ACT LIKE YOUVE BEEN HERE BEFORE, CUZ THEY HAVENT
We pray for We the People of the United States of America and Israel. May GOD guide us & keep us HIS PEOPLE giving us wisdom, love of Mary the Immaculate Conception and love of our SAVIOR EMMANUEL JESUS OUR CHRIST. AMEN.
Temp: 2.3 C Wind:0.0mph Pressure: 1020.0hpa Rain Today 0.0mm Forecast: Fine weather # beach le y weather
I'm amazed with A.C.E Chan's voice. Especially by the time they performed red sun.
Update on my fashion nova jeans: THEY SENT ME A ZEROOO, my thigh fits in there.
i have no doubt in my mind that everything happens for a reason. every single thing. the good and bad all leads u to where ur meant to be
9:00 PM AGAWAM CURRENT CONDITIONS: Wind Chill Warning, Temperature 5.7 F, Wind Chill -11.8 F, Dew Point -6.3 F, Wind 14.5mph WNW, Gust 42.5mph, Rain 0.00in, Snow 0.00in # w x #ma w x
Stay up out yo feelings and run you up a bag # y e e d i g g w h a t i m say in
To be mad at the chiefs or the refs? W T F
somebody invite me to they prom
The Rams are making it look easy for the Falcons another turnover in the 1st quarter #A T Lvs L A R #N F L Playoffs
The best preparation for tomorrow is getting ahead is strong enough.
Cooper trying to guarantee he will play in the Pro bowl. #Wild Card Weekend
sabadou e truva so a netflix
Also, one of my draft sleepers last year, Damontae Kazee, with the FF. Dude just always knows how to make a play. Another great draft find late for Atlanta
O Allaah, grant authority over our affairs to those who are the best of us, and not to those who are the worst of us. Ameen
Report for my station at 2:00 am Temperature: -4→ Relative humidity: 92→ Pressure: 1,030.90→ Wind: 0→ from the E. Daily rain: 0.0.
You want to win at something, especially business, get a Capricorn on your side. Execution is their strength.
Stop what you’re doing and put your tix in your Apple wallet
ALERT: 11800 E 21st Pl S - Shots Heard #Crime Stream # Tulsa #StaySafe Tulsa
At 02.00; Temp: 2.5°C; Wind: 5.6mph E; Pres: 1020.4hpa, Rising slowly; Rain: 0.0mm; Forecast: Settled fine.
“Sweet Victory! I finally got him to sleep!!!”
// we were off like a herd od turtles but we're finally here: john's d e a t h
Another hour! It's January 07, 2018 at 05:00AM God loves you Prophet Muhammad Peace be upon him Calls you to Paradise
WHWT IS GOING ON I WAS CLEANING!
The weather remains 2° and partly
20:00 Temp: 53.0 F Chill: 50.1 F Wind:E 7.7 G 12.0 Hum: 71% Bar: 1021.63mb Steady|Rain: Today 0.00", Jan 0.00", 0.00" yr # g t x w x
Luigi e Peach: I'm ready to give love a shot It's not about how many coins you've got I just know I like you a lot Mario: Yo sluts! Check out my yacht!
Salem IL weather data 8:00 PM 13.1 53 pct 0.0 E
Wind 4 mph E. Barometer 1022.63 mb, Rising. Temperature 2.9 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 90%
Dancepads in 2016 and that's all the entertainment you guys get from AGDQ and it feels really good to make plays!
chrisHi and chrisKiss will be back soon!
Weather 1/6/2018 8:00 PM: 13.1F 53% humidity 30.483inHg Wind E/0.00mph Rain today None
Wind 1.0 mph E. Barometer 1027.02 mb, Rising. Temperature 3.3 °C. Rain today 0.0mm. Humidity 76%
[SHE HOVERS OVER A SLEEPY JESSIE.... Whomst. she takes another bite of her peach, but q u i e t l y....]
# west virgin i a . Find someone who can run the dam clock
'Yea, # truth faileth; and he that departeth from # evil maketh himself a prey: and the # Lord saw it and it displeased Him that there was no # judgment .'
had a full on conversation about zodiac signs with the lady at the liquor store drive thru window #JägerNight
Pharaoh Cooper got money on ATL. Hahaha.
Some Black Mirror episodes really throw me off
Shreveport, LA 8:00 PM Temp: 43.1F Hum: 62% Baro: 30.300 inches Wind: 0.0 E Rain today: 0.00 in # weather # f b
Someone tell Pharoh Cooper it was "Let my P-E-O-P-L-E go," not "Let my football go"...
A truism: anyone who calls themselves “stable” or “genius” is clearly neither. # Psychology 101
Actions always prove why words mean nothing .
39 degrees now. Tomorrow up to 56 and then by Monday in the mid to high 60s. It was nice seeing you around "winter." Gone again until next year? I hope to see you then...I miss you. # Florida
Time is so precious, once it’s gone you CANT get it back.
Water Temp:9.4 °C, Avg Wind:10kts, Gust Dir:102 °(E), Wave Height:0.4m, Wave Period:3s, Gust:19kts at 07/01/2018 01:55:00
Water Temp:9.5 °C, Avg Wind:8kts, Gust:14kts, Wind Dir:70 °(E), Gust Dir:69 °(E) at 07/01/2018 01:54:00
Now we need to put 7 on the board.
Cause you are unforgettable I need to get you alone
Avg Wind:15kts, Gust:29kts, Wind Dir:85 °(E), Gust Dir:122 °(SE), Water Temp:7.8 °C at 07/01/2018 01:54:00
Avg Wind:17kts, Gust:21kts, Wave Height:0.8m, Wind Dir:82 °(E), Gust Dir:58 °(NE), Water Temp:9.4 °C at 07/01/2018 01:54:00
My sleeping pattern is completely fucked
Sean McVay looks like Bill Burr if Burr took up yoga and general relaxation at an earlier age.
Now can we PLEASE get a damn TD
Avg Wind:25kts, Gust:29kts, Wind Dir:74 °(E), Gust Dir:73 °(E) at 07/01/2018 01:56:00
Asia waking up now and buying up verge! Tonight could have been another run for Tron but Justin sun nicely handed over today's market to verge with that non update yesterday. Speak to the people only when you have what they want i.e. Announcements
can't name a person that showed it to me
murder for fame murder for money, power and disaster murder for fame murder for money, power and desire murder for fame
It's the world? Find out about Sky Battle. Mr. Junichi Masuda is coming to Version 2 days left, Trainers! for battle! Of all in Sun &amp;
but i Cant im Whe e e e zingLOOK A T HIM
Matt Ryan don’t deserve to be in. The playoffs
If you f*ck every guy you to talk to you a h*e , if you f*ck too many guys you talk to you a h*e , if your body count too high you a h*e.
i did a workout at 4am and now i can’t sleep well done
- Take this bum out the game man # R a m s +
Why do I overthink everything ugh
// when both Alex and Pip come back on, John will be as good as d e a d
Hopefully rangers have a better second period
I had the weirdest nap dream lmao
Me: Have you ever watched Matilda? 13 yr old cousin: Yeah, I'm not about that Miss Turnabull life Me: Miss Turnabull? Her: Turnabull??... Touchable? Miss Touchable???? LMAOOOOOOOOO
Rams oh no bb what is you doin
Wtf coop. Stop touching the ball
omg y’all what if it its Seokjin because all the BTS teasers, Seokjin is usually left out somewhere... MY BRAIN IS COMING OUT MY NOSE OH MY GOD # b t s o u t c a s t d 4
Get the gloves and the shovel, he's tryna dance with the devil
"i'm so clean, i might start trappin soap" lmaooooo wtf is going on
all the parents in mavel’s runaways are so annoying
I remember I was down I hit me a lick
My mom is now watching Riverdale
Today, wealth is in information. And the person who has the most timely information owns the wealth.― Robert T. Kiyosaki # quote
Trying to figure out when it became cool not to carry yourself with some P R I D E!???
get these Rams outta here bruh
Spending two whole weeks in Stockholm without even the threat of icy streets, over jul, has been strange and uncomfortable. I’ve seen green grass.
My grand father always told me “you can play the fool but don’t play the damn fool” he always kept me miss you so much
CLEARED: TRAFFIC CONTROL/MALFUNCTION at E 15TH ST & SEIGLE AV #CLT #CMPD_Eastway
The Carters really be doing the most these days
video djing at luckys tavern dance club in downtown ft lauderdale tonight!!! 10-4am!!! # downtown # f t l a u d e d ale # sat u r day night # top 40 # hip hop # house music # R egg a e #Craft Beer # shots # wasted # lit
" # Isaiah 59:14-15, speaks of the same thing. ' # Judgment is turned away backward and justice standeth afar off: for # truth is fallen in the street and # equity cannot enter.
Lol what did I say. Rams are too inexperienced. Barely any players on this team who ever played in the playoffs
sometimes i just cant believe my eyes, one of those times was when i saw Michael Scott clock 31 mph on a road speedometer
What’s up LA RAMS! # rise up #In Brotherhood #Wild Card Weekend # f al cons
...where the fuck does he figure that is what it takes to run the country....he is a complete traitor and should be taken out of office before he completely sells us out
the dolan twins, am i right?
ion owe my loyalty to nobody
My heart‘s cold for everyone but you.
like just how similar supernatural and the satellite stuck in my head, turned on q101 and it was playing.
Pharoahe Cooper is this game's Chaz Green, lol
Pharaoh Cooper playing for the falcons tonight bro
Wind 6,4 km/h E. Barometer 1011,92 hPa, Steady. Temperature 15,7 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 67%
You were the shadow to my light did you feel us? Another star, you fade away
Trudeau must be taken out of office....he is the most ignorant, unqualified arrogant little prick I have listened too......he doesnt have a clue about running a country....he is going to kill the Canada we love and know.....bouncer/boarder/boxer....with a minor in drama...
“Please her, respect her, protect her, love her, and support her”
When you find Laguna Beach on your TV apps. # throw back # don t judge
If you see me and I smell like cologne my mom did it
damn Rams fumbling away the game/their season
Whatever we choose in polls, we're all fucked anyway. That's the whole point of a horror concept #B T Soutcast D4
These are the rams I remember
Cooper is costing his team the game
Get the Los Angeles Rams the fuck outta here!!
if i spend $200 on a pair of shoes they should already be broke in smh
There's one particular place where they put - F I V E - of the strongest monsters in the DLC, patrolling a staircase full of ambushes by little fast buggers...
I’m so sick of y’all who and what is blackness threads I could scream. I see why they wanna take away our internet, y’all not being good stewards of the speed you’ve been given lmao.
Why waste time & energy, which could of easily been used for something/somebody else?
Impaired Driver 427 X S Gardiner X E Ramp & Gardiner Xwy E [HP] 01/06 20:45 # # Toronto
sorry I was late, I was dancing to Beyoncé in my kitchen by myself
INSIDIOUS: THE LAST KEY has a few v e r y effective scares, too. The script just really peters itself out by the end. Totally serviceable and I’m of course fully down for the inevitable fifth entry
Falcons ball again!!! Can we plz score a TD!
Y’all couldn’t delay the classes before I got here?? but GOD is still AMAZING
kat, will e matt indo pra st lucia
Get the fuck outta here smh
olhei the end of the fucking world ontem e n curti
I can’t wait to get my car out of the shop
Good morning! The family's complete, mom's cooking breakfast for 6 of us, and we're spending a wonderful time in our lil house. This doesn't happen very often but it's the little things that make my heart full. Happy Sunday!
Stack that trap rap #Bobby E snaps back like # El a stack
Can not wait for A-m-e♡'s birthday ♪（ ´ Д｀）っ !
All ATL, Rams killing them self
Special teams is killing the rams right now
WVU is legit. Like Final 8 in the NCAA tourney or Final 4 legit Big 12 is loaded
Can't decide if I love or hate Russell Peters' new show #The Indian Detective.
n.e.r.d.’s music is hella weird but I fuck with it heavy
Every single thing that could’ve gone wrong so far, has. & I swear if I run into one more problem I will literally cry
Should I bring this bottle of crown to the slab???
i barely left my house & i already regret going out lmao i h8 myself
e*chi tenshouin kicked my dog and killed my father
napping is better with someone. smoking is better with someone. well fuck why not do both together with someone
So Cardi B got abused by offset now everyone is calling him upsetoff. Ridiculous
Clear skin wit lipgloss is crack
My dog always cries when I leave her
about to call everything quits on some real shit
So many ppl at H-E-B rn whyyy????
Turks and Caicos in September for my 25th
Send me your location, let's Focus on communicating 'Cause I just need the time and place to come through
LRT they are e v i l
netflix, reddit, pastel e twitter. # s ab a do u
Continue update on fire in the 700 blk of E 27th st. No injuries, as of yet. This is the 2nd working fire this evening.
Random but, some favourite songs from last year: N.E.R.D - Kites Brockhampton - JUNKY Denzel Curry - Heartless Frank Ocekn - Provider Gorillaz - Saturnz Barz Injury Reserve - 91 Cadillac DeVille Jaden Smith - The Passion Jay Z - Caught Their Eyes Joey Bada$$ - Super Predator
Don’t watch me. Watch tv, sis.
I see a lot of people say that Hyunwoo n' Siwoo need more line but i didn't see they mention Hakmin n' Wooyeop esp Wooyeop T_T it's T$ fault they waste such a good talent like them T_T
E.A.Diddle Arena is going to a Hot Ticket very soon. If you have any doubt— ask anyone who has seen them play.
I think that it was Mel pulling up. Not the po po. # e a s t e n d e r s
Humble yourselves in the sight of the Lord, and he shall lift you up.
sorry i thought i put that into google
Her smile was the moon and I loved all of her phases.
#Jerry Van Dyke was a class act-a true comedian who didn’t disparage others and in my opinion he “made it”! While he did make some unfortunate career choices, his run on Coach stands out as perhaps the best comedy of its day.
I wish Capricorn’s had the ability to let go of control, though. The way Gemini’s do. Just let things flow. Balance.
Jardylly e bruna foram me acorda
it hurts too much to know we've reached the end, cause we'll never be just friends..
The best combo would be if my uni friends and my friends back home knew each other ohhh that would be so sick
I don’t know. It’s fucking freezing here and the snow is piled high, but it’s January. It’s supposed to be like that.
I swear I’m so old lol I’m ready for bed
My cousin smoking dick thinking im about to come to the westside to scoop him AND drop him off after the club
Okay okay so remember when tae wasn’t revealed yet during their debut?? And how Jin wasn’t a appreciated as much? But since yoongi was involved and left “him” who was closest to yoongi at the time?? #btsoutcast D4
Final score from the P.E. Complex; the #2 Vincennes University Trailblazers improve to 16-0 on the season after defeating Owens CC 87-60
i anit never wanted to piss myself so badly because i got scared but my alexa said “connected to breana’s macbook air” um bitch my computer is on the opposite side of the room and hasn’t been touched for hours
i can’t believe the amount of people that don’t know how to take a joke or joke back like go cry in the corner or sum damn i’m jus tryna have fun life’s too damn short to be serious 24/7
Some things you have to just ignore and show no attention towards
my dms are always open if anyone wants to talk :)
It’s harder to maintain then it is to get
Literally everyone on Southfield freeway was doing 55 except me and this other car. Fuck Michigan and that dumb speed limit .
Favorite scary movie *Who’s gay* No your gonna die in 7 days. Secondly where is this tape i wanna watch it
what is the easiest way to kill urself
I’m just extremely stressed out wit this fucking show #The Mist
3 months to go till vacation..
THUNDERRRR ThunderrrthunderthundeLIGHTINGGGG LightninglightninglightniSTRIKINGGGGG Strikingstriking Striking Again And
how does one pay their utilities or do taxes in dynamicland?
Not gonna trip on someone who ain’t mine. That Shits for the bird.
me and loarel need to live together but we don’t bc we are bad influences on each other
maybe its m a y b e l l i n e
''IM A BIG FAN OF PORTUGUESE PEOPLE'' E MORRI MIL VEZES
Focus on you, until the focus is on you.
There needs to be a remake of the thong song music video.
Basically everyone but Shawn’s character on this show #The Good Doctor sucks
HOW FID THAT NOT GO IN
I wish I had the natural ability to be disciplined that Capricorn’s have. I’m telling you ANYTHING they want, they manifest & no one can tell them it’s not going to happen.
the new pistol on fortnite is way too op take it out the fuckiGn game
maybe im 2 picky lol idk
Lmao that thread rlly wasn’t good send bc those were capitalized? Ctfu
I just want a life full of true friends, loyal guys and good livestock. that’s all I’m asking for.
First week of january ang rami ng plot twist
[lies down but suddenly remembers pineapple in the fridge jfc]
Defense is really holding us down so far
Apparently I deepthroated a fucking cactus last night.
Can’t wait to do my makeup
wait... taehyung and yoongi are both from daegu? maybe, they grew up together and yoongi did something to taehyung when he was little that he can’t remember now? #B T Soutcast D4
I'm honestly so blessed like God really never fails me
LETS GO WVU KEEP IT UP
aos prantos ouvindo beauty and a beast ariana grande e john legend help
dirk gently foi cancelada e eu to :c
Kirsty is too sweet she still lol’d my reply even if it made no fucking sense
Woke up to Damani’s mom cooking I’m finna smash
I want some jabi i would be hapi and will smile like a papi
didn’t end up buying boots because my calves are still too wide went to ulta instead and got some good stuff! only downside of no boots is that now i have to wear my high heeled boots to the museum tomorrow and i might die.
So ready for my eye to get back right . I’m tired of people looking at me .
If the good die young, why I ain’t die already? Heaven can’t be far cause I’m high already
I listened to you talk , now can I see what you’re really about
Keep shit fun & spontaneous. You only young for so long.
It could make a bigger impact than you think, never let anyone stop you from speaking up on what you stand for.
Once I buy concealer, highlighter, contour, and setting spray, then learn how to do a glam face.. it’s over for you bitches
The messages for night 4 should me in the memories now (If not please tell me).
it’s the memories that haunt me the most, they wont let me forget you.
Small YouTubers: why are you so bothered if your videos are getting demonitized if they get like 5-10 views? You ain’t going to get anything anyway. Maybe if you’re in the thousands, but when you’re not even getting 50 views.
You will never truly understand how deeply my heart feels for you.
he's just confident and knows he's a good leader. so i'm glad he's made a statement on it. and done it in a way that (imo) makes him and a.c.e look good.
i really appreciate josh but why do you have to tune down your guitar a whole step
"...and his eyes, which, when their other, kinder gaze fell on you, came like the miracle of the Resurrection. You could never stare long enough, but needed to keep staring to find out why you couldn't" #Call Me By Your Name IM D E A D
if you’re feeling generous today, feel free to donate to my paypal
You dnt have the right to degrade people around you dahil lang may kapit ka sa taas. Okay?
My heart is about to e x p l o d e
"This too, is an ancient thing, unchanged from that day to this and expressly # prophesied by # Amos .
Sir Froderick & DJ Harrison - Bassed Eyes (Songs About H.E.R.)
small world with a whole lotta money.
Role: (e, n) = Public key d = Private key P = Plaintext C = Ciphertext coprime = if the only positive integer that divides both of them is 1
Currently charging my Apple Watch about to head out...
Me being in bed on a Sat night is pretty rare but I dig
Put in an application on the worlds greatest apartment today, fingers crossed
Nobody likes a two faced bitch
I can’t believe I’ve been sleep since 2
Everyday is a make it or break it day. Always choose to be happy and always start your day with a positive mind
Caulfield Race 2 Portion Control e/w
my love life is head ass asf lol
num jazz de um bass num mix, num feat um boombap com class com a bic e um drink! no stress pros raps pros hits, nos beats
Leave iPhone crack if I take a loss
y'all please pray/send good thoughts my way that i get this internship!! thanking God for opportunities starting to come my way xx
Imma be in this onesie all night.. my friends better not ask to go nowhere... I’m staying in lol
hate holding grudges,idc about you or what you did to me
When bae start trippin.. I just get fine af and walk around naked until he starts apologizing for shit he didn't even do.
im gonna miss you lee shikyung ;;;
This one time, in p.e. I threw the basketball at the wall and it fucking smacked me in the face. 10/10 it was a traumatic experience, never did p.e. after :/
It’s 2018.... also known as moving on from the people that hurt you
just say you hate captain swan and go
When do we go back to school
Omg jikook week translated it to korean too i hope k jikookies join in too ;;
Groove slam work it back space cowboy just play that track Gaga in the room so starstruck cherry cherry cherry cherry boom boom.
I'm sort of feeling like E.T. trying to phone home...but without the phone.
CAN E AND GRAY GO HOME PLEASE?
You know the deal defense: Help Us Out Again
Need to get out of the overthinking habit.. I wind myself up to the point of insanity
T.T no puedo ver SCC clear card #Crunchyroll Down
niggas say they don’t pay for pussy but they tank on E & they shordy got the newest gucci purse
"It is strange how rare is the quality of # moral # courage . Lots of men who have physical courage , who would not run away from a fight, whether with fists or with weapons, still dare not face the # hostility of a # wealthy and # politic ally # powerful "minority group".
In all honesty the shower & on the toilet is where you get that much needed time to self. A bih really can sort life out during those times
If you needed to get to Brooklyn, from Queens, via the subway... is there any reason you’d *have to* go through Manhattan? I just can’t make this make sense, logistically. # am reading # am very confused # that was the phrase used
i asked fb friends to play words with friends with me..... and then they started sending me the game thru messenger. i didn’t know fb did this through messenger this isn’t want i meant. no thank you.
When life gets blurry adjust your focus
I genuinely don’t get a long with the people who don’t think rick and morty is funny ://
You gotta love some me... I do...
I want a good as omelet
Aight offense, defense saved the day twice...we need 7
This game will be fun to watch. — watching Atlanta Falcons vs Los Angeles Rams
still can't believe sarah lynn died whthhthwerW?R?R???/e/?rEW
We’re all gonna die this year. Either cause the president of the u.s. is an idiotic lunatic or we all gon’ drown.
I Do Not Have Tha Patience To Be Waiting In Tha Damn Nail Salon
I need strippers in my next video
I tell Melanie her brothers name is bentley and she’s all, “no it’s Benjamin.”
#DONALD TRUMP IS A DESPOT DICTATOR......IN HIS OWN HEAD HE IS A KING.
Nah you can keep that lil pussy lil mamma im super straight, im too busy running up that mf cake
it better stop soon bc i cant go to a&e at 2am lol
John Wall is playing like the best player on the court tonight #N B Avote
Thanks Amber for coming to Cherry's Beauty Salon # beauty queen # miss p h i lip pine airline # Miss Filipina International Pageant
Call that a bhot bhot bhot
I need a MUA for tonight
Feeling my counseling sessions coming on... Send them ladies to me... I promise you... They won't be the same...
need to move out of my parents house so I can walk out of the bathroom titties out after a shower instead of getting dressed on a damp and flat bath mat
Thank you Lord for waking me up today. Today is another blessing.
Limantha's official song Girls Like Girls e Luan Santana kkkkkkk
Turned to football. Didn't realize it was Falcons/Rams. Might just watch a movie.
My husband is leaning and napping on me, and Sass is curled up on him. Momo is glaring from the computer chair. Sounds about right.
Kiki lost the first set to, E. Perez. 6-4.
watching Atlanta Falcons vs Los Angeles Rams
I’m so happy I’m off tomorrow
I eat so good in Mexico , I’m going to go back home so sad
When I get older I wanna be the man at sporting events with the radio head phones
Adjust your speed to match your condition. s l o w d o w n & l i s t e n to God.
After 1 period at Pomfret, the Eagles lead Woodstock 2-1.
ive lost many friendships and relationships or potential relationships due to my pride or stubbornness
If you can’t be patient at the thrift store with me then don’t come
Minecraft broadcaster: did you know that if you put a cow on top of a glass bottle and drop and anvil on it that the cow is squished into the bottle and then that's where it lives Me: this game is so much darker than I ever knew
then when i asked her where the extra e came from she gone say " you started spelling it like that " lmfao niggggggaaa , correct me
Friends from Rio - Para Lennon E McCartney
parents: Clean your room me: SORRY TO BUSY TRYING TO SAVE LIVES parents: Are you finally becoming a doctor? me: NOPE IM SOLVING MYSTERIES parents: a detective me: A GAME parents: omg clean your- me: GODDAMMIT YOONGI YOURE A TERRIBLE GAMER #B T Soutcast D4
gente lana del rey e the neighbourhood VCS TAO ENTENDENDO A MINHA CRISE
❝Why does everyone keep bugging me?..❞
i wish back in tahlequah w me madre watching lame shit on netflix rather than be alone all mf night
Bitches love tweeting “say it louder for the bitches in the back” bitch YOU in the back
if you don’t get it the first time it aint meant to be continuously explained!
escutem anyone else do pvris escutem anyone else do pvris escutem anyone else do pvris escutem anyone else do pvris escutem anyone else do pvris escutem anyone else do pvris escutem anyone else do pvris
So, my mom got me a remote for my camera back at Christmas, and I swear...My life is so much easier already
A person thats willing to look bad for you ... a ride for you on E
There's an old saying, if no-one will compliment me on my abilities and achievements I'll compliment myself to be able to continue doing good and helping others. This is what our President has done.
Just bought some cute ass thigh boots and 22 inch hair... I'm gonna embrace this ratchet stage until like February.
Mom: Did you eat black eyed peas for the new year Me: No Mom: But it brings you luck Me: I refuse to believe eating something that disgusting will bring me luck
I asked my mother is she saw the lady, and she said “Yeah, but there’s no need to notice”. #LEARNINGFROMPARENTS
my anxiety really loves to creep up on me whenever I need it NOT TO
Listening to Versace On The Floor in the bath while eating chocolate ganache and drinking dr.p. I’m FOR REAL living it up rn
At this hole in the wall with my battles.
Nothing like being from Dallas and dealing with how much your man from Oklahoma loved Texas rap
Whoo we look trash on 3rd
You go thru things to learn... So act like you know....show and tell baby...lol...
why do i feel like it's joon now
The difference between me and you, you gone make up an excuse and imma do what i gotta do
"Through the prophet # Amos , # God Himself told the people of that day, 'But ye commanded the # prophets saying " # P r o p h e c y not".' ( # Amos 2:12)
My 2018 Resolution is to stop (1) oversharing personal information and (2) collecting my semen in glass bottles.
I miss my man that's not really my man but my man
We Might Just Go See Our Bestfriends Since We'll Be Up A While .
I’m very impatient and I like to plan in advance, so if you didn’t text back in like 2 hours confirming our plans I’m just going to assume our plans are cancelled and I’ll go ahead and put on my pajamas. Thanks and bye.
3 more days 2 more finals and im done with this college ‘insha’allah’ i honestly can’t believe it
enjoy the day u don’t know how many you have left ..
You know it's time to sneak away when you get your parents drunk "what are you doing with your life" chat
I’m like a walking zombie I’m never pulling a 24hour unless it’s needed to therefore it’s not gonna happen again
THATS T E R R I F Y I N G
Excuse me, miss, would you even be without an infinity of Twitter accounts . *Bacon waifu birb :*
I do root for the Black people at award shows. Then the NBPoC. Then the White people I like (few lmao; e.g. like bae of course, Nolan). So many Whites win they’ll be aight whether I root for them or not.
Cause it'll have you in the end, oh!
I could be in a room full of my best friends and family and I’d still feel completely A L O N E.
The end of the fucking world é buee estranho jr
All about me. Focused on myself and my goals.
SAM IS C U T E
I am telling you what I know—words have music and if you are a musician you will write to hear them. -E.L. Doctorow #BTD # am writing # writers life
Hey Blake. Is that San Andreas? Yes.
Hosting ladies night at my crib I’m excited
When i first listened to the song, i'm like "okay this song is good" without really knowing the real meaning Damn i'm so late
If you lose yourself, but find yourself, you won.
Love truly is spelled t-i-m-e :'( #Goodbye Christopher Robin literally shed tears
i'm the type of person who doesn't really see the english lyric in every korean songs. But then yesterday i just saw the english lyrics of btob's song guitar and then it hit me like: WOW THIS SONG HAS AN EXPLICIT MEANING AND HOW COME I JUST KNOW THAT
Minecraft broadcaster: I want to go faster. Let me go fill some syringes with horse blood. Me: WHAT IN THE ACTUAL
How tf the Chiefs let the Titans come back & win
I love me enough for the both of us
Wanna punch someone real bad rn
ONE OF MY SHIPS JUST GOT BACK TOGETHER IM LITERALLY SQUEALING RIGHT NOW AND ITS ANNOYING DAVID WHICH MAKES IT 100x BETTER
Yes so much is in me... And boy I'm telling you... My hubby gonna love love love some all of me...
Watching Rams vs Falcons. Neither scares the crap out of me. # S k ol
CHILDREN OF THE WORLD DREAM IN PEEEEEEEE-E-E-E-EAAAACE HERE REBUILD IN SOLITUDE UNDER DENVER, CALLING YOOOUUUUUUU
Fuck this sickness Nganong ning balik pa man ka There are no difference between death and this illness cause its making me suffer through the pain.
My bro my bro that nigga my homie
Chocolate is definitely disgusting but I am about to be on my ass with these brownies.
One of my reading targets for 2018 is to read min. 3 poetry books Working on an E.E. Cummings book right now Got to be honest, not a fan
i need a Gucci Mane type comeback
I hate feeling this damn way !!!!!!!
Now have moved to naming state mottos, and if in Latin translating into English.
Why does it sound like someone has a car horn in the stands
"The past is a foreign country; they do things differently there." ~Leslie Poles Hartley # quote # quote oftheday
I’m about to duck that choreo yuuyypppp
When you sneeze after abs day.... ohmai
all i know is that the Belcourt is LIT right now
SOMEONE WANNA TELL ME WHY I LET THIS BOOTLEG BUFFER FOR THIRTY MINUTES AND I GO TO HIT PLAY AND ITS STILL FUCKING BUFFERING
Can someone give me some good alternatives for a macbook pro? Usage mainly: serato + logic / ...
Keep running, keep hiding a good day, I'll be the only one to make you understand that I'm going to be your man.
Until EVERY single man you've dated or liked has broken your trust and left you for someone "better," don't come at for the ways I try to not be so broken.
I get ranch with pretty much everything I eat n I get heated when ppl don’t remember to ask for some lmao
I’m sick, I KNOW I can’t go a damn place. When people hit me. I ask them what they on
So 4 more. Why am i cryinsjshsggsjsjdksll
*2nd year Qb no playoff experience.
Ready to be back on campus...Not for classes to start
Should I deact my Instagram or nah?
n e one ever feel totally disconnected from yr surroundings and every1 around u
Can we pretend that we’re in love?
2018 Green and Gold NC/VA Border Clash Boys 55m Hurdles Finals 1 WALLER, Emmanuel Glass, E. C. 7.76 2 BUSSEY, Jakobe Enloe 7.92
STAIRWAY TO HEAVEN IS THE GREATEST SONG EVER MADE.
The USA voted to keep the evil Killary Government out. Canadians can and must do this for our Freedoms,our country, our Children and Grandchildren. Imagine their lives under Sharia Law. Horrible! CANADIAN AND CONSERVATIVE PARTY!!
The Magic are very bad. The Cavs with IT are very good.
"So next time, please be hopeful. No matter how dull." - Naive -
I NEED TO STOP WATCHING SO MUCH BUZZFEED UNSOLVED I CAN’T S L E E E E E P
My antifreeze just froze on contact lol
But if you're in it and you're not going any where then step it up... Seriously... You wouldn't need a counselor if you learn how to compromise...
Gases contained in food and beverages is likewise emitted largely through eructation, e.g. carbonated beverages.
I don't understand what are the armys doing right now hahahhahaha..maybe they are creating a game title "Bangtan Raider"
My favorite part of the day is when they play fireflies at my job
If you're feeling lonely, Kurapika would Kura-pick-you !!
Can’t wait for Monday tho. I really love business days more than weekends lol
"Yet, when we # defend our # c i v i l i z at ion and our # moral standards against these attacks we are told that this constitutes "intolerance" and "bigotry" on our part!
If she don’t get what she want she whineee ...
Update had bonsai now I’m full af & sleepy
I was doing so good today too..
め：Isesaki City, home of beautiful Meisen silk.
being treated good is so refreshing
Work all night, full time YouTuber by day. Because who needs to sleep or rest am I right?
Is she giving us time to pick before we chose? #btsoutcast D4
You childish if you wear gym shorts under your jeans.
i could kill people with words and write them eulogies after.
I never noticed how much of a bad my momma was. Shit don’t phase her.
It’s crazy how someone who says they’ll be there for you no matter what don’t be there for you no matter what lol like come on now be fr ,
hoje vou assistir the end of the fucking world e ja sei que vou gostar
That field is trash! Change your cleats! #A T Lvs L A R #In Brotherhood
Can you unscramble the letters and find the correct word? A K S T E. # puzzle # i n d i e d e v # brain tease r # brain sport # brain games
Kind of an indictment of how Ted’s drafting has gone down the last few years, as well as showing how our star players at these areas have regressed
It seems they doesn't like me neither do i? Lol
Davante Adams is more talented than any Rams WR, but their whole group is better than ours.
I’m bout to start fw Twitter more
Honestly after thinking about it, the Rams have a more talented team than the Packers at every single position except for QB and maybe OL.
welp i had a job for about 2 days
Watched friends for the first time tonight and I am 100 percent phoebe
Why run the same play twice in a row? Lol
Mom: come with me to the store Me: what are you getting? Mom: oh I dunno Me: what? Mom: well probably gummy bears ok good plan
Episode 1 of devilman crybaby W H A T T H E A C T U A L F U C K I S H A P P E N I N G
i can't skank for shit someone teach me plea s e
It will be very interesting to see if Congress acts to install policies mandating what were once norms for the POTUS that Trump has ignored (i.e. making taxes public info).
Just finished #C M Paradise # i love color run # color run # color run manila
Ate ally is so kewl yes
All 2017 these girls yelled they wanted love and that’s all they worried about! they remained broke and never found Love hopefully this year they chase the bag and worry about love later
get it off my back one time and for all
ima have a flat tummy 2018
It's sad becuz if my ex would have been on my level we could have made it... But since he wasn't it was no need of us being miserable any longer....
I’m excited but bet I’m gonna get my dreams smashed
"Why is it that we must take this in silence as being just the exercise of those supreme rights that # minorities are supposed to have?
Which, in your opinion, is the greater handicap? Being blond, or being deaf?' - Pizzadrivr
Mama Gayle caught E & Z smiling. It's an Epiphany miracle!
Why is my edge of duality breaking?
I’m off today so I’m chilling
i gotta get out of milwaukee
i want e and hanpen to hug once and them one of them wiggles away bc awkward # n e v b o t
Halftime my favorite Flippa song now
you have the munchies but its all GMO
last year I produced 100tracks 4 beat tapes ..this year am abt to create 400 beats.. I'm hungry for this..
I smell a blowout coming rookie Qb, hot weather in La, and no playoff experience. Rams ain't ready...
not that joking about maggie dying and mocking sanvers shippers was funny to begin with but now it's not even creative... your edgy humor isn't necessary lmao
Julio is a big ass nigga lmao
"the Rogue lady refuses to side with a faction -- her loyalties lie only with the priest man." W E L L .
My body: water!!!! My dumb brain: c o ph ⛾ f i e e⛾⛾
Saturday night plans: brown butter Rice Krispie treats with a dose of anxiety
My favorite part of each and every night is when my phone stops working <3
Lrt My type is loud rowdy boys who have something to prove and make dumb mistakes but also know how to have fun and enjoy life to the fullest. Extremely loyal, supportive in their own way, and has the b e s t smile.
Paying for sins i no longer remember
I wouldn’t ever trade neither gal gadot nor diana prince!
Let alone being married 50 years
Exhausted from the week... Time to unwind
Rams looking like some damn fools
I just don’t know how to respond..
My aunt and uncle renewed their values right now. Happy 50th!
I’ve been lying in bed for 2 hours and still can’t sleep
DR. COYLE IS MY W I F E
You want it all gotta work 4 it
Good morning sunday hello schoolworks :(
Just used a toaster oven to heat up some leftover pizza for the first time and I feel like the rest of my life has been a lie. This is the best reheated pizza Ive ever had.
DEVOLA**** BYE my memory is awful
Special day turned to ordinary day.
These jawns really wild out here
im so tired, i need something to wake me all the way up lol i dont want to spend Saturday sleep
I like navirella.. except for the intro
I need to get out this house though.
what y’all females fail to realize is I can wear no makeup and my natural hair and kill your whole life
I feel happy to be in my country I am delighted with your women and places
Rams playing like a team in playoffs for a 1st time. Obviously early, but why I picked Birds.
WHEN PEOPLE THINK WHAT'S SUFFICIENT FOR THEM IS SUFFICIENT FOR YOU . FIRST OF ALL ... 80% IS A B- <YOUR VIEWS> 82% IS A D- <MY VIEWS>
"Why is it that every vicious # attack against # Christian ity by those who fled here as " # refugees ", seeking shelter in the kind of # c i v i l i z at ion that only # Christian ity could build?
Men are trash. I don't even need to give y'all context.
My personality's addicted to it Pick up a habit and I'm stickin' to it
It doesn't matter who does what the thing is do it together... Love together... Laugh together... Cry together... Chill together. I'm saying come on...
I remember one time I drove for Uber and then I realized it'd be a bad idea bc I'd be trying to listen to music and navigate: I.e. prolly woulda killed some niggas
I'll live stream tomorrow night I promise!
i wanna go eat at famous Dave’s so bad
Unknown Trouble Zenith Dr & St Clair Ave E [41 Div.] 01/06 20:40 # S car borough # Toronto
im about to be 18 and ive never been on a date
you know it’s real when a nigga say some people ain’t your friends
Please stay away if you ain’t bringing the Franklin
So, my new title is “Executive Director”. I already had to request that no one abbreviate it. E.D. Commercials have ruined it for me.
I lost my Abs. For real One big fat tummy left and it's been 3 years with me.
Shit can’t wait for this new album
Funny as that Kehlani story is, it’s nasty too. Like girl you do not know this girl from Eve and you tryna smash lmfao
Ok, making my final adjustments to my fan fic. A little nervous about changing up the format but you don't know until you try!
Quite a few years ago I saw how many people liked the Walmart page on Facebook and it was truly devastating to my perception of humanity. We have no chance.
Wow I really knocked out for 8 hours
LMFAO I had a heart attack earlier because I literally thought my tattoo FELL off but I then realized I was looking at the wrong hand
I wish someone loved me enough to bring me some rice and Mac and cheese from hip hop chicken with gravy all over it!! It sounds soooo bomb
To com saudades do Simba, Daphine, Theo e Lucky
Still sleepy. Idk how many time I need to wakeup during the night.
Tbh I thought I fucked up with my mentor project choice but Alo really out here and I can say that I’ve worked with them wow
Vikings hold a 10 point lead, 55-44 w/ 1:05 left in the 4th qt.
Juliooooo for a Falcons FIRST down
i wanted to watch pop team epic but the voices throw me off rly badly
How can you deal with a depression that started from the one who are supposed to be the one who is beside you fighting against that?
i have som e.,,,, deep ass psychological issues my dues,,,,,,,,,,,, my pals.... bros ,,,,,,
What is even happening with this narrator in Bronte's Shirley?
So protipTwo Red Baron thin crust double high pizza is calling me.
My bday 2/1 ... we parade 2/7 ... Zulu ball 2/9 ... Mardi Gras 2/13 ... Valentine’s day 2/14 ... my February is about to be lit!!
*taehyung or jin* taejin, looking at yoongi: e v e n i f i d i e i t s y o u #B T Soutcast D4
“The universe will keep repeating itself until you’re ready to hear it”
Julioooooo and Sanu made a nice play on that play!!!
Bonitas las canciones de James Athur, Sam Smith y Calum Scott. Bonitas, bonitas.
im sobbing with laughter i love her so much
IF min yoongi is in the poll I 'm gonna choose him cause I'm done #B T Soutcast D4
Uhhhhhhh why tf was Julio so open
Has it really been 14 years since DY released gasolina???
Do not complain about your difficult circumstances when in fact, the hard life that you have now encountered is a blessing... # if you know what you doing
It’s a dead body. No matter what he should’ve known what he was doing shut off the camera and deleted the video. He put it on the thumbnail too. He could’ve thought “would this effect the way social media thinks of me already?”
"But it is equally true that those few # clergymen who dare tell the # religious # truth about the moral # evil inherent in current # policies are also smeared as "bigots" and "hatemongers".
I was hoping for a shoot out... this is like the M. Night Shyamalan of Play off games... maybe something will happen? #N F L Playoffs
Lol that nigga love me. Ain’t no leaving me alone no Capp
Hollywood had lost sight of the basics. They're a lot of fancy talkers who like to pigeonhole you.
Yeah breakfast pagi ini adalah cream puff beard papa!
It's all about give and take stop taking everything and not giving... If he or she pours into you make sure you're pouring back equally if not more.
This is the most embarrassing thing I've ever seen
pulled UP w my new ting , i kno yu mad
I wish I was as spoil as my child he truly gets w.e
*tambak ng school works* me: i'm such a busy person
Tem uma performance da Bey, Ed Sheeran e Gary Clark mt topp
So much in theatre reflects life. So much in theatre reflects life. See/read more plays.
I always forget that just like Exists
My dad is the kindest and most generous person ever and I can’t wait to buy him everything to show my appreciation.
icb i just listened to these angels, also known as a.c.e
Chuck E Cheese has a strict “buss your own fucking table” policy that’s strictly enforced.
One of a biggest challenges I've ever faced while self-editing: finding original ways of avoiding adverbs if possible. Pretty fun to see the results I come up with, though.
me: lucy how drunk are you lucy: i’ve had 3 cans of those dragon buddies
Just reserved my ticket de Ida
I literally just screamed in the movies watching “Insidious” and I was the only one but it’s okay because other people were scared too.
fast forward to month of july pls. im so excited na e. plsssss
all i want is for my open e to not squeak
Mississippi trying to come up boyyy
...Stop looking at me like that. e - e
Mitch, trav, joel, and I have been in charge of a shit ton of kids for 3 hours and it feels like its 2 in the morning
LP’s listened to today: N.E.R.D Luke Bryan Jeezy Huncho Jack Any suggestions ? Any genre? I listen to everything
man these eyebrows ain’t gonna do themselves
#Now Playing B e yoncé by B e yoncé - Lov e On Top # e 3 radio # good music # l g b t #qu e e r radio don e right
just gotta speak what’s on my mind ...
Anyone else just realized thanks to autocorrect ki therapeutic has a second 'e' in it?
I was right...only people who truly know you have the right to judge you. :-)
waiting for the day when men realize women find out e v e r y t h i n g
I be going thru real shit everything ain’t for social media
They casted Samuel L Jackson as Shaft and it makes sooo much sense
Why I can't progress in Mario Run because I'm that self-destructive2 .
Staying In the next few weekends to save money.....who trynna go somewhere for spring break...seriously
I don't know how to feel after what I just watched.
Apparently i look dumb but ya nigga my best friend # U n bothered
Man how you let that dude get a first like that
OH MY GIRL IN 2 DAYSSSS
And I never would’ve been able to live such a wonderful life if I continued to hold on to those toxic relationships with people that would do anything for attention. Sooo glad I got out of that mess
2018 is NOT going to be my year
don't apologize, I'm used to it
How is my hangover kicking in right now at 6pm?
bring me back to you... satellite, shine on me tonight, i'll be your gravity i will stay and never leave s a t e l l i t e
At my family holiday party in 15 years explaining why I’ve adopted a family of 15 teacup pigs and how they’re more intelligent than dogs and cats
Idk how I got black lash glue on my arm
Cmon Falcons! If you lose, I have to put my toilet paper with the top of the roll on the bottom FOR A WEEK.
That person you see in the mirror is all you have, all you are and all you will ever be. Love that person or you love nothing
Give kim wonshik all the love he deserves
SE BEM QUE se a gente votar no seokjin ela vai falar only if you hadn't voted in the uncorrupted one e se a gente votar no taehyung ela vai falar only if you hadn't voted in the corrupted one eNTAO FODASE
When those texts start getting shorter with you, they’re getting longer with someone else
I just hit my knee on a Nissan damn I hurt my Knee son
then taron is going to be in the remake of billionaire boys club with ansel and IM VERY EXCITED
And ladies try new things with these men stop being so boring and open up your mind and take them places and allow them to take you there too...
Manu really had 21 points at the end of the third quarter last night. Every time he does something vintage Manu I hear the Still D.R.E. beat in my head. Hashtag Still Gi.No.Bili.
but yes welcome to the horrible world we live in where 6pm in 4 years time can move around because we keep fucking with stuff sorry
the problem with timezones is that you’re talking to someone else who isn’t using UTC in their daily life unless iceland and/or ISS but
basically i’ve had e-fucking-nough of people thinking they’re edgy for joking about subjects that aren’t funny and that make people feel outcast
people keep going ‘oh! timezones! typical computers’ but no the problem is social, y’know? the computer doesn’t give a shit, it’s a counter
also: ha but what if you did it anyway, but stored creation date which ‘works’ assuming every timezone in same offset has same dst
All my guys in the shop asking me to bring back tamales and shit lmao bihhhh
congratulations me i have someone saying ‘no utc for everything’ and he doesn’t live in iceland *or* the ISS so tbh i think he’s pushing it
Someone talk to me pls xxx
also do you guys remember the fact the sun no longer sets in nier is canon because wow the permanent daytime is mentioned in the engels quest and by popola in route a of gestalt
PlexPy (GumbyPlex) Gumbee13 (Gumby + Roku) has watched Marvels Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. - Fun & Games.
*does bath bombs and face mask for the second night* ~s e l f c a r e~
Support everyone, the world needs it
Don’t question me about my response time with texts and calls if you’re not feeding me, financing me, or putting out..and even then, be careful
"For this they are smeared in the daily # press and over the radio and television by # editors and # c o m m e n t a t o r s who have # p r o s t i t u t e d their talents to the service of a cause which can pay them well for it.
I'm waiting for the day when there's a twitter moment about a kid who ate a fucking t i d e p o d and probably died
Taking my washed ass to sleep with no shame. Z e r o
someone please talk to me,,, everyone else has leftttttt
There's always that one customer that walks in 10 damn minutes before the store closes
bet the au writer is lookin at all the theories like "..its not tbat deep :p"
After taking a semester off, I am so ready to kill this semester. # your girl is back
Don't miss Sarks play calling at the Coliusiem at all lol
quit wasting my time. i won’t waste yours. SIMPLE.
When a thread reminds you of a scene you forgot existed...
So quick backstory me and him had been talking for 3 months Bc I had my guard up Bc what happened in my last relationship
And it's like the fire replaced all the love.
Chris farts probably be life threatening nigga dropping bombs in that toilet
He should introduce Jinx to Csergan. They'd never stop robbing banks.
we Still Look a Little Sloppy but Hey Atleast we're Competing.
Our defense also wasn’t really the problem down the stretch. They did fine aside from the Detroit game where we had given up anyway. Our offense couldn’t do anything. The playcalling was horrible.
Why do I get drunk by myself’ who let me do this
BBB: East Noble 44 Huntington North 36. Final. Great bounce back win! 2 and 0 in NE8 play.
I’ma ride him crazy and you’ll never have a clue.
Just ordered some Columbia gloves. They better get me through the rest of winter and these -5 degree days.
e you won’t help me pay it. Have a nice day
Put some effort into your relationship it's more than just a safe haven or comfort zone... If you gonna be with that person make it do what it do...
When I’m drunk somebody need to take my phone cause I be texting people ion got no business texting
consider yourself a catch consider yourself a catch consider yourself a catch consider yourself a catch consider yourself a catch consider yourself a catch consider yourself a catch consider yourself a catch consider yourself a catch consider yourself a catch
I remember when the phones had the music playing as the ringer that was lifeeeeeee
Of course I end up with the flu
should i watch andante's last ep or nah aksjsndkdnf
I just don't see Goff winning this game
They need to ban the media from comparing college basketball players to superstar NBA players. A freshman getting every little ticky tack foul call
imagine being so fucking stupid you decide sanvers stans aren't allowed to like the f/f ships you do... anyway
R.I.P, R.I.P, When I D.I.E # a w g e
I like to publically apologize for not living up the expectations set upon my 6th grade self by the D.A.R.E program, but most importantly for failing Officer Pat.
My stomach is dead growling and I can’t eat the food I just cooked FML
We don't have to go anywhere at all, anywhere at all.
questions for u ; a thread (pls quote rt ur answer, this is a t h r e a d ppl!!)
I cringe at almost every collision I see in these games. How did I ever play this sport lol
tell me, how can I right my wrongs?
Guys think they’re entitled to a DM response
" # Pat riots warn of the # political , # economic and # social evils inherent in the course set by the popular "Left-wing" politicians.
THEY GOT A POSITIVE RESULT SO SOMEONE ELSE TESTED I.E YOUR DAUGHTER FIND UR DAUGHTER THEY ARE LYING AND U KNOW IT SO FIND OUT YOURSELF MADAME
((Anyone played BeatYGEvo? Let's be friend
Filled my gas tank and the total came to exactly $69. Tonight’s gonna be good.
But I am so ready for the reputation era
Basil's reign also saw the apogee of th medieval E Roman Empire in Italy. 'Lombards' (Latins) and their Norman mercenaries were pushed back.
Someone unfollowed me after I posted I got a gf..... w e a k. Begone, thot.
oh nah this the 3rd spider I seen
''Twerk'' es el baile, NO ''TWERKING''.
months later i still feel the same
The players club should be on Netflix.
I get mad irritated when people try to shit on nicki minaj like ??? She make more money than u so keep ya broke ass mouth shut
Keep running that ball! Let’s get it going. #A T Lvs L A R #In Brotherhood
e: Even My Dad Does Sometimes – Ed Sheeran
Ahhhhhh yes got my CBD OIL cartridge -OGkush
From the same pain will come a n e w d a w n
Unplanned moments are always better than planned ones.
cuz if I could I will feel nothing that's the truth and I don't care bby
Never be afraid to speak on important topics! That ONE TIME you step forward and speak up could help someone feel accepted when they thought they were alone. Don’t let anyone’s negativity stop you from doing so.
It was G R E A T!
and he looks even better in the trailer for the second mamma mia
Trying to be more active on Twitter :)
e o youtuber de BMX usando lunarepic
If you lie to me after I give you the option to tell me the truth , you’re dead to me . P E R I O D !!
Right on NFL RAM,s vs FALCONS
Ya bitch really wanna slap a bitch (ahEMANDYAHEM) really bad
74th Annual 2017-18 Geary Tournament results 106 D. CHAVEZ 3RD PLACE 113 J. TWO LANCE 4TH PLACE 120 L. GARCIA 5TH PLACE 126 C. MANDERFELD 3RD PLACE 145 Z. CARPENTER 5TH PLACE 152 E TWO LANCE 3RD PLACE 170 N. DOTSON 6TH PLACE HWT D. OUSLEY 4TH PLACE
I. s t a n d. C o r r e c t e d
I really hate getting so upset over things that I shouldn’t get so upset about
You can be holy and still love your spouse better yet be in love with your spouse... It starts with both of you...
I’m topping for the first time in so long tonight
The end of the fucking world É MARAVILHOSO
Never give a permanent feelings to a temporary person .
I just sent Justin's pic to my sis now I wait
{ junko and ivlin being friends?? y e s ?? }
Jessica barden me conquistou em penny dreadful e arrasou em teotfw
It’s shocking how few people on # Bones ask for a lawyer
Gameboy Color: Oracle of Seasons DS: Trauma Center PSP: Monster Hunter Freedom 2 3DS: Monster Hunter Generations xBox: Onimusha XBox 360: Assassin's Creed 2 PC: either WoW, S.T.A.L.K.E.R or Skyrim.
You don’t give a fuck & I neither do I
O shit so close to 400 :o
Some of y'all wigs be threw, or whatever that shit be on y'all head.
My phone isn’t broken right? SEVEN goals in two periods?! A hatter for Bergy?! WhT is this wonderful magic!?! #N H L Bruins
Lets Go Wolfpack!.. Looks Like we Came to Play in rowdyRaleigh tonight!..
Not the best #Black Mirror season but loved #Hang The D J and #Black Museum. If they'd have left the teddy bear behind in Museum I'd have been thinking about it for weeks. Prob still will. Show still has that power even if it does feel like they're running out of things to say.
My work ethic is so crazy don’t EVER SLEEP ON ME
Mom takes out romaine lettuce and I ask: Aren't we going to get E coli? Her response: Oh yeah, I dont know..... #I'llMakeMyOwnSalad
Unsure as to why my boyfriend cup cakes me about 3 times a day but it is disgusting
And special thanks to all the 412 alumni that came out and talked and showed the guys the family bond team 412 shares greatly appreciated
WHY WOULD JIN CALL YOONGI HYUNG IT S KIM T A E H Y U N G #B T Soutcast D4
I REALLY miss the 1989 era
Boi its a Scam E Scam world outchea becareful
On Jedi Challenges I did this with angle definitions (for, e.g. the angle to block at). Now I'm doing it for int-grid stuff (for like the 10th time).
Threes are raining down in Orlando Go Cavs Go!! #C L Evs O R L
Happy 3 kings Blessed Sunday everyone!
in other news, I’m mad excited for # a quiet place . looks fucking insane
"To try to save the people from their own folly is surely not 'How to make friends and influence people'.
You can block me but you can’t delete all the times I masturbated to your profile picture
ok colin firth in MAMMA MIA oh my god
Yo I was definitely wrong about Trinidad James.
I just went inside the Alo store they just opened at the grove and they had an entire section with my colorway and I’m just shook like wtf
You can't help but feel bad for Kansas City fans. Not only does their NFL team choke in the playoffs all the time, they also have to live in Kansas City.
At the end of the day everything turns out okay :)
Low key regret getting my tongue repierced today I can’t eat anything
People that always got something t say bout you and what yo got going on clearly wanna be in the position you in, do what you doing, have thebthings or people you have in your life...so why get mad and stress about having a fan?
“Danielle you can shut the fuck up, you’re my fucking best friend, fuck off, I love you so fucking much, fuck off” I dunno whether B is telling me he loves me or hates me
its sad and disappointing. New year,same shitty step ups. No new content for your older players.
Let's have some fun... Lets dance and slow jam and cuddle and laugh and feed one another go out and walk and see a movie or out to eat... Like stop this boring mess... It's 2018 ....do something different...
In 2018 I hope all perverts go to jail
Get rid of that stupid mindset that Christians are supposed to be perfect cause it’s not helping no one
Horizontal traceability:The tracing of requirements for a test level through the layers of test documentation (e.g. test plan, test design
I mean I thought you was on a diet but I seen you at McDonald’s 3 Times this week We all messing up and learning from it and growing from it and that’s fine. You fall down and get back up, right?
01:49 Temp 4.4C Hum 91 Baro 1017.7 hpa Wind 3.1 mph/E Solar 0 UV 0.0 Dry
We all growing here and trying but when you tell ppl you a Christian, as soon as you mess up, they wanna be like “I thought you was a Christian??” Ya that’s true but that don’t mean we dnt mess up.
Boring adult tweet: I just bled the radiators in the house because I'm sick of being cold in the mornings as my room doesn't get any heat. The pressure in the boiler has dropped all the way down, IS THIS BAD?
sueivi com breakfast club e pizza por aqui
Spent ages asking Jonno to hop in the pool with kids. Gets in, wasp bites him.... oops
Ppl get the idea that because you tweet about God, go to church and all of that, that you think you’re “perfect” or better than them Kwasiasasm paaaaaaa That’s not even close to the truth
I’m in a really good mood all of a sudden because I’m sitting listening to music, it’s my escape from the world.
For this life i cannot change - Travis scott
if my hands wasn't so damn cold i wouldn't of double tapped triangle and fucked up an easy swap clip...
Convince yourself to enchange to reality
He wants to kill us without a fight.
I really can’t wait for the summer 2018!
Heartbeat racing like a junkie, i just need you to want me
People in the White House call Trump's sons Uday and Qusay.
Today a customer asked me if I celebrate “normal” New Year’s or “Gung Hay Fat Choy” so that’s how my day went...
If I fuck with you than you the only one who can fuck that up
2 Fev Richie Campbell e Mishlawi no Altice Arena... Parece me muito bem
I’m looking forward to Monday so much
I wonder if I’ll ever mature one day and start drinking wine that isn’t Wild Vines lol
How I came up, they will never know
I need some crawfish in my life
We need a TD on this next drive
BEFORE THEY GE T T O ME I HAVE TO TE LL Y O U G U YS. I L O V E O N GW IN
Pokémon will receive a never-before-seen artwork of Krookodile to share! Take a tough match, Trainers? you added Marshadow-GX to expect to
Lmao funny to see conworkera outside of work
Wow cupcakKe really is rolling with the LGBT yass
i miss the old you the one who always care
the end of the fucking world es buena???
That Tiger&Bunny article... words cannot express how much I want Tenga to sponsor Barnaby. It would be so perfect
boys game was really live !!
"So also have vicious attacks been made, in our day, upon Senator Taft, Senator #Mc Carthy, Senator Jenner, Senator Eastland and upon Congressman Martin Dies and Governor Bracken Lee, to mention but a few.
So in an effort to lose XX pounds before the end of March...drink of choice has changed to vodka & soda with lime. Craft beer consumption is being drastically cut!
11:11 I'll still love you, even if you don't want me to anymore.
i hope in six months i'll be in warm covers
It’s 2018, we don’t have any more time for pettiness! We are gonna grow as human beings and be mature adults.
Feeling like the lack of good protest songs for this generation is due to the fact that nothing rhymes with Mnuchin.
(Delayed) Possible B&E in progress: White male at front door trying to get in to the 5600 block of Treaty Ln
I miss the speak now era
Clearly y’all niggas don’t know that getting a girl drunk just to fuck is rape
Am I the only one that has noticed since the new year shit is getting real?
Hahahaha or should i say last night was lit
i just had a crisis thinking walmart was spelt wallmart
[Travel agency] Eddie Money: We'll take two tickets to... Axl Rose: NOVEMBER RAIN! E: A: E: A: E: We rehearsed this 32 times, asshole.
Watching Trae Young for the first time against a very good West Virginia defense and man has he stepped up in the second half. Dude can ball.
Tryna please a nigga, it almost drove me crazy
“soul cycle”: when my cycle syncs up with every woman in my life. see also: “sister witch” and “hell”.
i am a slut for fUCK ME like it's H E L L they need have sex i would sell my moobs
Lavar Ball is Black Excellence personified.
Any army’s living in Melbourne wanna form a kpop squad and go around taking awesome photos together & having kbbq & getting bubble tea???
Sweeps in back to back nights, I like it
Thought I'd let you all my tweets and watch all my vids but dont want u the misery of me on ur timeline, but nothing good lasts forever
Hi Mr. Watters. Why didn't you tell Dr. Bottle Blond about the 10th amendment? If it isn't written into the Constitution for the feds, it's reserved for the states and people.
Isn't hurtful when you realize that he just make you his game all the time.
This King rules Kansas City #Titan Up
Zaddy? Zaddy? I saw these shoes down on Rodeo I really wanna get... you tryna go? Hmmm, Zaddy? I know you know I know you know you know you ballin'! So what's up?
Chad just paid for us to put Lavender Kiss on Spotify
okay but james’ dad was so sweet why’d he punch him
STEPHEN CURRY THE BEST PG IN THE LEAGUE!
“She’s definitely a stoner” “Yeah, have you SEEN her laptop stickers???”
i juST FOUND A BOX OF CHEERIOS IN MY ROOM THAT I LOST LAST WEEK H E C C Y E A
Heavy Weapons Guy is my best friend #Sandvich Bot
cause she loves to lay, i learned the hard way
I’m so salty right now I’m bout to go to sleep already. Put this whole day in rice.
it's been three days and I'm still having stomachaches looks like I'm doing well with my New Years resolution on losing weight lol
Some of y'all relationships need to either cease or step up... I mean why be lonely with someone... That sucks...
So how do I even draw tf art
Random alternations c fishnets e vestido do Kurt Cobain
I’m gonna start calling my depressive episodes “deppy e”s because it adds a little fun to the fact that no amount of sleep or caffeine will make me feel rested!
"But this, also is not new. The # prophet # Amos found the same conditions 2700 years ago. He records that 'They # hate them that rebukeeth in the gate and they abhor him that speaketh uprightly.' ( # Amos 5:10)
Should I be alarmed if I have frequent intrusive and self-destructive thoughts?
Alex Smith will never win anything , captain check down forever
— the movie was so good! wasn’t as scary as i expected but still good!
Made dinner.. Trying to get something done but this weather is killing me and i need a ride.. Anyone? Lol.
I might do some things you don’t like, we all make mistakes that’s just life
I stopped liking Bruno Mars music after he made 'Just The Way You Are' there I said it
'Cause you know I'd walk a thousand miles, If I could just see you tonight.
You ever notice yourself mentally maturing? It’s a beautiful thing.
i’ve realized i could never live in Baltimore because whenever i even hear the word Baltimore i must sing the entirety of Good Morning Baltimore
#My X Factor Is adorableness I have to admit my family is pretty damn cute I'm not gonna tell them that though
BUT IT BEINF JIMIN MAKES THE MOST SENSE
LET’S PLEASE NOT VOTE GUYS SHE WARNED US WHAT WOULD HAPPEN IF WE DIDNT VOTE FOR A GODDAMN R E A S O N #B T Soutcast D4
Might have to switch to e cigs just to save enough p for photo gear
It's truly our magical modern world.. #Team Hope F A M I L Y© #Papa Iowa© #Fam Jam© #Me And U Christian© #The Beautiful Force Of Our Love Spark©
Just got suspended by Twitter. Was it something I said, e.g., Trump is a piece of shit, liar, traitor, moron, misogynist, spiteful, asshole? Humm. . . you people better quit liking my tweets or you'll be suspended! #I Hate Donald Trump With A Passion
Step 4 in getting MerzTheThird off the ground, twitter. #myfirst Tweet
They need a Star Wars-themed episode of Jeopardy to have, where all answers must in the form of Yoda sentences be.
now blocked by the casual for calling him out on his racist shit. (i.e. meme referring to Luke as the "last white guy" while he's surrounded by every POC character)
I'm going to e a complete mess tomorrow
And Andy is still doing Andy things. That is exactly why he had to go when he did. Top notch rb and he just ignores him per usual
Who hurt you ?... who made you like that ?... don’t worry that’s not me
Im getting a lot of request for beats.. PROD. BY NU$TREET
Mungo jerry, in the summer time # l a t r a v i a t a c c s ab a do
QUE DISE QUE GRITAN SKONE WHAAAAAAT
# F al cons look like the Legion of Boom 2.0
the end of the fucking world é boa
You can be right beside the one you love but yet be so far away at the same time...
Psalms 22:22 I will declare thy name unto my brethren: in the midst of the congregation will I praise thee. # MCGIWeeklyThanksgiving
I have a shoot in 5 days and my skin decided to have a pimple party R U D E.
Sad day when my bowling ball cracks. . .
y’all bumping pussies we making kids I’m fuckin weaaak
There just isn’t enough time in the day for me to do all the things on my mind. Especially at the times I’m awake cause ya girl ain’t never been too much of an early bird lol
“Spread love not hate” “Living my best life” “Don’t let anything or anyone get to you” .. *talks mad shit on Twitter all day, everyday*
It’d really be nice to go up 10-0 right now
“I’m gunna go check if you have underwear later on”
me: I need to stop procrastinating also me: WOW YOUTUBE
The fact is you can't be together.
What is there is no hidden meaning behind anything whatsoever and it's all just random and we're just looking too much into it #B T Soutcast D4
"I am a friend of who doesn't have a friend, when you want a shoulder, I will give you my heart!" I promise. "
Who knew Twitter’s end be collapsing into a morass of Gilbert and Sullivan parodies? # stable genius
Don’t say ur still into me, I know ur not
Bet that one woulda bounced into endzone lol
Im 16 and I’m so tiny
Debating about which one I should start over. Been a little while since I’ve seen both.
Couldn’t be in a shittier mood but w/e
have never seen a got ig stan with functioning brain cells
Just want to thank everyone that came out to team412 tryouts today so much talent on display why to come and show out # we got that Juice # we just different # # on the muscle #
The field may seem crowded sometimes but there are literally billions of people walking around who want to escape into music, books, stories, and narratives everyday. And a majority don't create any themselves cause their passions lie elsewhere. People wanna see your stuff.
If I'm a human, I would be so old right now. # melon b o t
Only if our offense can get going !! #In Brotherhood
I’m not complaining about being single til like July. Somebody hold me accountable!
Throw whatever cheesy headline you wanna make up at us. But when you step between those white lines, TITAN TF UP!!
I fucking HATE catering. That shit is about to come to a complete fucking halt.
Hai..Letting go 2 zone C ticket. Only meetup available. pm me for more details #K W A V E2 Music Festival #NUEST_W #Super Junior # M am am o o # T a eye on
I hate getting my eyebrows done but the massage Meehna gives me after feels so good
[ I’M GETTING A TONGUE PIERCING TOMORROW Y E S ]
*muaahhhh & SUPER BHUGS* ..those amazing #Magic H A N D S© #Team Hope F A M I L Y© #Fam Jam© #Time Travelling Soulmates© #We Are The Best E Va©
"The sad thing is that they are always able to get many thoughtless people to follow them and stupidly parrot their attacks against all true # patriots and against those who would tell them the # truth of # religion .
People care to much about what I do man
"We fall in love with people we can't have."
1:45am and now I decide to do this h e l p
I'm gonna leave twitter for now. My tl is full of negativity. Goodnight everyone, I love you all
Ugh I love being spontaneous but I don’t have enough freedom :(
I want those Louis Vuitton boots
when will people learn that it's "Imma stickwitu" not "I must stickwitu"
Man I just wanna go to sleep. Gaaahhhh Lee
I wonder how my bfs gunna be like as a dad
This vitamin E oil be having me looking and feeling like a glazed donut.
hi for a moment i forgot kyun is my boyfriend. / b o y f r i e n d / wo wi have a boyfriend.
Will watch movie A.L.O.N.E nice fam!
Beat:J3, DISTURBANCE, OTHER at 71XX BLOCK OF E GREEN LAKE DR N reported on 1/6/2018 5:16 PM, Call# 18000007038
If Reigns must win then he should hold it for the whole year til next years main event and be dethroned by a top babyface e.g Daniel Bryan, Johnny Gargano, Braun, Miz etc someone fans actually care about
2018 Green and Gold NC/VA Border Clash Jan 6, 2018 RESULTS Boys 1000 Meters Finals 1 WOODS, Theo Glass, E. C. 2:33.90
I want D E A T H
Going to the casino makes me hate cigarette smoke even more
YALL DO THE OPPOSITE OF EVERY CHOICE I MAKE ASDFGHJKL #B T Soutcast D4
So I guess we're assuming that Mel has the money or whatever it is? # e a s t e n d e r s
IT SEEMS SO OBVIOUS WHO IT IS BUT WATCH ARMYs MAKE HUNDREDS OF THEORIES AND I GET SWAYED
The worst thing we can do in life is to have a relationship with God that brings nothing to this world. - A. W. Tozer
Can someone bring me a drink a shot a edible
PLAY MAN COVERAGE ALL FUCKING GAME.
Erasing the past will be a challenge but time will tell.
Girl is the Rams gonna score?
It hurts when people don’t care as much as you do.
i want to be around my boyfriend constantly. his love, his affection, his warmth? his p r e s e n c e. it's all just so magical. i don't deserve him
Listening to Far Alone [Explicit] by G-Eazy feat. E-40 & Jay Ant, on my Echo!
the end of the fucking world é boa pra caralho
Only I stay up until the middle of the night to finish my homework because my teachers and I are convinced that I don’t need sleep.
How the fuck have I gone through eighteen years to have less friends than there are fingers on my hands? It’s soooo funny.
Eagles score again a minute later to go up 2-1 over Woodstock on a goal by #74 Kyle Jacobson.
i need to be with someone who makes me feel like an r.e.m. song all the time
and yes i meant the E
there is only one way to tell if a girl is rping as a nigga
HOW ARE YOU GUYS S O S U R E THAT ITS SEOKJIN ALL YALL DOING IS PULLING THE HONORIFICS CARD
The saddest part about somebody dying is remembering when they was alive e
May the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be pleasing to You, my beloved Lord and Friend. (Psalm 19:14)
everyone is watching andante I gotta leave e e
Somebody bring me something to eat
I see you Tru!!!! Offense get yo ish together!!!!
"Today, they try in every way to bring # ruin upon all those who dare speak the # truth .
i dnt wanna hear E mother fucking thing
I finished all 7 seasons of “Shameless”...
Feel like Jayson Tatum can be something similar to kawhi Leonard
I hate when people try to make me remember something I wanna forget
When my skin grows old,when my breath runs cold, I will be thinking about you
180105 Seungkwan’s Castella. Seungkwan said that A.C.E Chan’s parents gave Seventeen members tangerines!
We been having a lot of day dates and dates that’s the best way to go n keep the relationship Strong
There’s pages I see RT’ed onto my timeline that are always arguing or making a 30-tweet thread over why the sky isn’t blue. That has to be draining.
Gen Xers are the same as baby boomers, only instead of setting up two radio stations that play the same 100 songs in every media market in the name of "classic rock", they make docs about obscure hardcore bands
I feel bad for all y’all that came back to Howard this why I don’t never come back early ... lol *stays in my Philly bed for another week*
I feel like there’s a huge red blot on my back and it’s itching but at the same time I feel like a living warm compressor
caralho the end of the f***ing world é mt bom
someone has shit on the bats
Baixando The Killing of a Sacred Deer por causa do poster e Nicole Kidman.
ouvindo black eyed peas e chorando
This is a thread on how I found out my ex was cheating on me
why do I feel like I found the one? what’s in these shots your ordered us?
uhh im not emotionally or physically ready for this next poll that's looming in the distanc e
Need to start back taking iron classes this is the WORSE pregnancy ever, stg!!!
I just realized that I kept on fooling around myself that she would still love me the way she used to love me before... Okay, nag-e-emo na naman ako! Nevermind this! HAHAHAHAHA
#Now Playing We Fall Down - Donnie McClurkin on # e g i m radio
listen i’ve been avoiding talking too much about outcast but oh god
this...is supposed to be good? eh? (i think i missed the joke but w/e, not worth my time)
Really mad that my face is breaking out
My bitch too foreign need a visa
Looks up to past idols S.E.S and BoA
"Although # Jesus had done # miracles of # good , yet we read that 'they began to pray Him to depart out of their borders.' ( # Mark 5:17)
I wanna hold you forever but i guess i have no choice I hate to see you cry but i love to hear your voice This could be our last this could be our end . . .
Every time I read about an artistic work (movie, music, book, comic, ect.) receiving "overwhelming commercial success, but mixed critical reception" the positive side of me just sees it as proof that there is an audience out there for nearly everyone's work.
my circle so small i be talking to myself
I don't know how to use this app
The stars look very different today
180105 Seungkwan’s Castella. Seungkwan said he has many Jeju friends but he got no friend from the same neighborhood, turns out that A.C.E’s Chan is also friend from same neighborhood as Seungkwan!
Love taking an uber and they don't say a word. Perfect. 5 stars and a tip coming up!
You wanted day time, i give you late nights
Let's wake up in another time, in another place. I'll make it right this time.
About to get up & make something ... my hunger pains is not playing !!!
Update n°4: sono le 02:44 e crollo. Sleep: 1 Fanfiction: 0
oh and I like Jon Gruden ... word to your mother
A group of 10 new jersians ban together after being stuck in Dublin then jfk and share a van and memories all the way to Newark INSPIRATIONAL
I wanna love you.. In every kind of way like H.E.R say
If you ever betray him, make sure he doesn't survive.
Lots of psychiatrists+psychologists doing a disservice to their profession at the moment.
Them gator boys for ATL know how to tackle
My antibiotics are on the way.
Set a guard over my mouth, Lord... let not my heart be drawn to evil. (Psalm 141:3-4)
I can't believe the first new #Ghost Adventures of 2018 is on tonight and I have to wait to watch it on demand because I only have the tv in my room where I only have local stations.Someone else has the tv with the cable box.
“Josh McDaniels wasn’t good in Denver” yeah no shit. Look what he had to work with.
mcFUCK odfsfdkjh my brain wants to say taehyUNG BUT IDEK IF THATS TH E LOGICAL CHOICE
Baby we don’t stand a chance, it’s sad but it’s true
PG&E power outage check list items to have ready & handy Flash lights Transistor radio Glade candles "get um got um"
"p...e....n....i....s... omg is that you are you pienus???" is my favorite underrated vine
Told ma to call and order pizza I’m gone cry if it don’t stay down I already can’t swallow anything and my ear and head hurts
Mom: we ordering Chinese what you want? Me: the soup with the things in it. Mom: wonton soup? She’s a mind reader.
5 Stars OSCAR E. (Pico Rivera, CA) "Very fun experience. pilot was nice, professional, funny and smart. Very clean and relaxed facility and location" (AIRPLANE LESSON)
Could I be the one you talk about in all your stories?
ok w/e im going to bed
I honestly have so much hate in my heart. I hate those who meant the most to me. Fuck y’all.
I’m ina good mood, someone make me laugh
It’s one thing to fall in love. It’s another to feel someone else fall in love with you, and to feel a responsibility toward that love.
ouuuuuuu e&j vanilla tonight I’m rey act up with my sis in the brib
At least it's not 7-0 #C A Rvs B O S #Positive Spin
In bed at 8:45 and so happy about it # g r and ma status
I understand everyone is busy with their own lives and problems.. but it just sucks when you only want to see certain people and it’s hard.
"They warned # Amos to 'flee thou away into the land of # J u d ah ' ( # Amos 7:12-13).
When will I ever stop suffering from my allergies due to alcohol ;-;
My little brother is too fucking bad like I’m pissed
I give myself one chance to cry per year before going back to my bs and the amount I cried this morning covered the next five
My head hurt so bad like the bitch finna bust!
Baby what you wishing for Maybe you should wish it more Baby my world is yours Maybe when it rains it pours
I wish I never met you at aaaaall
It's a proven fact that Marijuana legalization is more popular than Jeff Sessions and Trump.
i just sobbed over the ending of one day at a timd
Just take your time and don't worry too much
im watching elders react to top 10 songs of the '60s and one of them described elvis presley as "pretty but manly" and it reminded me of a lot of male kpop idols
brooo what have i done :((
2018 Green and Gold NC/VA Border Clash Jan 6, 2018 RESULTS Girls 3200 Meters 1 DAVIDSON, Jette Glass, E. C. 11:26.86 2 PETERS, Lila Sanderson 11:47.28
Ending this trip full of problems by accidentally leaving my headphones in my checked bag and not my carry on I cannot wait to be home
“I think I’m having feelings for someone. I can’t be too sure though. I gotta see where this goes.”
But my god has my back so am not worried if you willing to pay break bread to the person you hate so much by all means Show me the money honey
Amazing open field tackle by Poole
Eastern CT Eagles tie it up 1-1 with Woodstock in the 1st on PPG from #18 Evan Tower.
Imma have a big ass wedding and my reception gon be everything
Yes i know i haven't tweeted any shits for a fucking week. #Melanie Martinez Is Not Over Party # t i moth y hell e r exposed #Timothy Is Over Party #Melanie Martinez #Timothy Heller
Now playing Tra Re E Il Mare.mp3 by !
How do I get rid of this feeling.
Sehun new solo single titled " B E W B L E S S " dedicated to dear bewbless boy Jae bewbless.
all these people just now realizing that logan and jake paul are pieces of shit
Chick fi la wass Buss Down
about to stream team pro am... come through in a lil
the bands i like have ridiculous names. i.e sticky fingers, bumpin uglies, tropidelics. like my mom thinks ive lost my shit when i say i want to see them.
Now it’s time to do what Tennessee does and beat Kentucky in TBA
I CAN HAVE A PET ALPACA IF I MOVE TO NEW ZEALAND .
Never Too Late: This Italian Grandma Takes Google Home Mini For A Spin (And She Goes Viral!)
use soft words and hard arguments
My dead middle name is her name and anyone who uses my full name can die
As if the night could get any worse for the # Chiefs , it just did. MRI's reveal that TE Travis Kelce is GAY.
im really gonna run my bank account dry soon i need a job
I may love somebody but I don’t trust nobody
Forgot to tweet about how Creep played last night at work and I srsly stopped and stared for a few seconds cos reminded of Party People Chanyeol with the guitar and asdfghjllasfghjkkl
this outcAsT aU is s t r e s s i n g m E OU T
"Every man who says that our # American # C o n s t it u t ion has proven to be good and should not be changed is said to be " # extreme # right wing ".
Never let social media determine your value
2018 Goals!~ 1. Come out to irl ppl about being trans 2. Get on E 3. Get a job and actually get my damn license 4. Maybe start doing sex work 5. Make sure my mental health and self care always comes first!
"Thunder only happens when it's raining... Players only love you when they're playing..." Celia thinks she is the only one still awake.
Whoever found my wallet earlier is one lucky SOAB
I tried to do a Makeup Look™ and it's so messy I wanna dieeeee
A'I does it mean Artificial Intelligence Or Annotation Of I ? Become not just a footnote on a computer.' Spend some time with your family today and remember what we were born for!"
I KEEP THINKING IT’S JIN CAUSE HE SLIPPED UP AND DIDNT CALL YOONGI HYUNG LIKE HOSEOK WOULD AND IDK WHERE TAE COMES IN YHE PCITURE
Todd Gurley just pushed the ENTIRE defense back 5 yards lol
*siren noises* THOT PATROL HERE, B E G O N E THOT.
I haven't been drunk since december 22nd h e l p
Please tell my why my boyfriend eats fried chicken from a GAS STATION
Has anyone ever had a quilt made out of old t-shirts?? I want one made but don’t know how it will turn out.
Might as well force some sleep since fone e thutse..
I just want you to stay.....
Wishing I could join those ww2 clans but I'm Trash
RIEN / NOTHING January 07, 2018 at 02:45AM
I’m on another level of starving like legit
Don't be fooled, feminism was N E V E R for black women, the empowerment of black women or the advancement of black women. #Black Twitter #Black Girl Magic
Literally cut my hair last week and I want it shorter already.
Falcons got the best receiver in the league and don't know how to use him
Dear TL: sTOP SPOILING POP TEAM EPIC IM A N G E R
I need to talk to you. Puta
I keep thinking everyone that passes by is watching and judging me ?
Today was a success!! # beautiful day # grateful a f
bUT WAIT REMEMBER WHEN THEY USED HYUNG ONLY TAEHYUNG CAN CALL YOONGI HYUNG NOT JIN SO WHAT IF THE CREATOR/KIDNAPPER WAS TAE AND TAE SLIPPED UP BY USINNG HYUNG #B T Soutcast D4
If it turns out to be Jin and I joked about it being Jin bc he's a snake I'm gunna die # b t sou t cast
So if I had a chance would you let me know?
Ashes 2017 LIVE: Australia v England fourth Test, day four updates at MCG
#B T Soutcast D4 SE OKJI N IS TH E KI LL E R. CAS E C LOSE D
Guy DeBonaventura sinks a 3 pointer, Vikings lead 50-42 with 3:31 left in the 4th qt. Timeout Vikings. #V K Nation
timmys reaction to hearing about frank ocean is deadass about to make me cry dhhdhdf ugh wow
I was in the bathtub, listening to Escape on Sirius. An instrumental song came on that was really familiar. E G Bb G F I started singing... "Can you read my mind?" AUGH! It's from Superman!
damn I almost threw my phone
(Wave) SWELL: 0.7 ft at 10.5 s E / WIND WAVE: 2.0 ft at 5.0 s NE / WVHT: 2.3 ft / APD: 3.9 s / MWD: 40° / 8:30p EST
geico has never put out a bad commercial
a.c.e really like to shut up yg and i'm totally here for it i love my mans who take no one's sHit
Will I always be this unlikeable? Like, can I have a personality transplant?
im telling you all now it’s hitman bang #B T Soutcast D4
1: Retweet this 2: Like this 3: Follow all that Like & Retweet 4: Follow back all that follow you 5: Gain Followers E
yes this is a very important question
This time I’m really going to sleep, goodnight
that’s what I’ve been wondering since that night lol
He ain’t going nowhere even if he could baby
this really the type of cold ass weather that got me never wanting to go outside again
I made my first cobbler and I might be a chef.
Not A thread but T H E T H R E A D
I’m gonan become a tattoo artist wait on it
"Catch me if you can - BabyMetal" Kawaaiii overload!
I just woke up, so what did I miss?
I just want somebody I can kick it with run it up with fuck it up with build trust with
The End of the f***ing world é bem boa..
I’m going full time at work & already regretting it but half way through the semester I’ll tell granny I can’t do adulting anymore, and she will save me
ONE STEP AND TWO STEP GIRL EVERYBODY WANNA MAKES THAT NOISE
Ima make sum shit y’all never heard in ya life
It’s just unhinged and repulsive the way Republicans continually go after the Clintons. For decades, republicans including Trump have wanted to destroy that family. Taking down their non profit foundation and destroying their lives. Fuck Republicans
mosquitoes have been keeping me out of sleep for nearly 3 hours. i’m feeling real homicidal at the moment. like would slaughter something.
notte guyz amo jisung e chitta
Confusion blinded me, mental and physically
Don’t pray for an easy life, pray for the strength to endure a difficult one.
#B T Soutcast D4 for everyones sake dont let them fool you, yoongi!!!!!
#The Four is rigged ain't no way #Z over #E Hell no this sh!t rigged
At times I wish...I had a cold heart.....Would make some things so much easier
Tell me why I’m here at work feeling anxious as hell and keep looking around as if I’m afraid someone is going to get me....????
"Against all # patriots who would # warn our # nation before it is too late, they cry "Rabble rouser! # Fascist !"
Me: that's why I brought... A KNIFE Laura, from the bathroom: NO!!!
Biggest fear is getting hurt again. I’m in so deep . I can’t help it.
Remember when Ted Cruz got caught honking off to incest porn?
Some think loud is strong while quiet is weak. But I believe being able to guard your words and speak when needed and valuable is where true strength lives.
I just want to move away from all of this
Any man in North Bay that doesn’t want to pretend like I’m their first choice, only to make me their second in due time?
She spins around in the living room, dancing to "Dreams".
if yoongi chooses kim taehyung i'm going to lose brain cells
I’m O V E R the cold!!!!
What do you call a really crappy turtle? A Turd-le
i need someone to talk to really
I'm just happy to be home relaxing
My hair looks so nice rn, I hate that my camera doesn’t catch the definition of my curls
Also I just spent 3 hours doing a high school girls hair and her friend was with her, I didn’t say one word they were talking and gossiping the whole time; it was exhausting.
Updating my Mfc page, I’ll tell you when to go look
Head killing me ready to be off
There’s nothing like a mother’s comfort.
No human can be terrible at their job and keep going like Chris Collinsworth
Noelia don’t remember any conversation from her birthday lolol
Blog from our homes each yr.
i’m sad and anxious! i should just sleep my life away!
i have the very beginning for this written and the very end and a few points in-between and it's based off my absolute favorite urban fantasy novels and adfgbajbfg it's one of those that i JUST WANT TO READ :E
First episode of black mirror was pretty disturbing
if i eat 10 packs of PEZ will i get diarrhea or is it my boyfriend trying to stop me from eating 10 packs of PEZ
Lies? So you think i'm lying?
But that nap was everything I’ll probably be up all night now.
EVERYONE THE POLL TONIGHT IS WHO IS THE CREATOR ITS SEOKJIN TAE IS THE OTHER CHARACTER IN THE GAME #B T Soutcast D4
GET ME TF OUT OF HERE
“I’ll take a healthy Carson Wentz over any girl in this bar” - Joe #Go Birds
I think I’m getting my piercings tmrw I’m scared
Barkada tayo but you blocked me and unfollowed me. Idk the reason why? What did I do mahn
Finished #Black Mirror season 4 a few days ago, simply phenomenal.
i have $46 and the cmbyn vinyl is $38 .. hey
“What belongs to you but others use it more than you do?“
Feel what you feel, then get back up.
You a fuck boy, you gone stay a fuck boy, you gone die a fuck boy! Fuck nigga
It mingled with her own biscuity odor, and my senses were suddenly filled to the brim
Cassi is out of town & I’ve been bored out of my mind
Strat planning na ba 'yun ng EB or another walwalan night? I don't mind having those nights kasi grabe tin naman silang magwork but I really hope they'd give the audience something new. Walang bago that's why when ST came in, mas nanood ako nun e.
"Against # Amos they said, ' # Amos hath conspired against thee in the midst of the House of # Israel : the land is not able to bear his words.' Against # Jesus they said, 'He stirreth up the people'.( # Luke 23:5)
All of my looks are inspired by Priscilla. She's a queen for real.
Go ahead and pour gas on a already burning building. See what happens
I've been off this all day and y'all are STILL arguing over nonsense.
Watching Pocahontas. Bring back childhood movies
GODDAMN IT BITCH SEND THE DAMN POLL I WANT TO S L E E P
how can one have an opinion on something they’ve never experienced? hmm
Soooo tired all day everyday but when it actually comes to bed time I’m wide awake nope no sleeping tonight Jodie
forever wishing there was no drama in the world at all .
hi if you try to tell me that someone is not worthy of the same level of respect and equality as you because of their religious beliefs, cultural upbringing, race, sexuality, or gender just get the hell out of my face lmao
can i drop school like right now?
whats crazy is, all i ever asked from people is to keep they word & mfs can’t even do that
My friends used to be jealous of how “cool” my grandmother was because she had pink hair, and I was dead proud, but now I can’t wait for the evil psychopath to rot in hell
What a boring, uninspiring and pathetic bunch of cunts
And here are the dumb penalties smh
PG&E played me they said they’d turn our electricity on today before 6 and they haven’t so Steph and I have been living off of 20% and our flashlights
We’ve been estranged from my mum’s side of the family for 2 years, and I don’t miss a single thing about any of them
I hate the feeling of starting to work out all over again. I’m so sore , I can even move
idontwannabeyou a n y m o r e
It's sad to know the fact
This cold ain't stopping a nigga
I wanted to go to the movies tonight oh well. I’ll play chess by myself and listen to trap rap
all I’ve ever wanted is to be enough for someone
Jesus, Your joy is my strength
My feet my legs arms hands back stomach and face are all burnt and sore from yesterday at jamberoo
I feel like people don’t listen to you until you snap on they lil assjust hit them with that YO LIL DUMB ASS ALWAYS.....and I bet you’ll have their full and undivided attention
Ayyy Okay gonna pick a winner soon
The sorrow behind your smile. The reason behind your silence. The love behind your anger.
I THINK ITS TAEHYUNG BY E
Dark remy turn me into a monster
Booth and Brennan during this S&M episode makes me heheh # Bones
We are never weaker together we are stronger together
and my fortune cookie had no fortune
My dog currently has the most rancid farts.
The Behoimi you know has gone back to the Magical Kingdom.
Called it. Titans move on. Let's go Rams .
Monday will be crazy in stock market land if this cripto action keeps up.
Wait are taejin pitted against e/o ?? #B T Soutcast D4
I shall become a N.E.E.T. # a k i b o t
Okay but a The Script ft Niall Horan would be K I L L E R and I WANT IT NOW
Maybe this will be a good year, Amanda & I are actually bonding a little more.
can’t wait til my b u n d l e s come in & Dee S L A Y my sew in
My dream is to become a great samurai! --Just like my father was.
FOCK OFF britanico e mt legal FOCK FOCK FOCK
Why play ... just have the Refs make a call go to commercial come back review for 7 minuets back to commercials... and repeat .. oh wait that’s #NFL football at its finest in 2018 .. shit show at its finest
Hey this acc is dead find me at . R e m a d e .
There's been this song that will pop into my head for like the past 3 years, and I didn't remember the name, but I remembered the artwork. I'm so satisfied to have finally stumbled upon it again. Seventeen Years by Ratatat.
Forgot what it felt like to have weekends off
Today we're going to talk about e! the big, famous, constant e!
Luxury Independents; Chanel, Hermes, Versace etc.
I am so prideful that I don’t want certain help from my family and they see it as me being ungrateful
If you could # retire in 2018 with & freedom what would you do everyday?
Thinking won't be eSports until the game has been grown.
I can't BELIEVE no one has tried a coat pocket that sends out generic excuses to all Facebook invitations yet! Madness!
I hate being ill , the only good thing about it is sitting in bed having a DolanMarathon to make me laugh. I love the twins
I tell my shooters Paul Walker but that just mean crash whips
YOONGI THE CREATOR. HE FOCKED UP REAL BAD. NOW THEY AGAINST HIM.
Plus Huston picked it up and was running with it. Who knows what happens if it’s not blown dead. Smfh
they threw a flag on that LOL
hi hello aloha to all of u i just woke up and by i just woke up i mean that i’ve already been awake for an hour, showered, and ate already.
UND leads Omaha 1-0 after one on a goal by Rhett Gardner. Shots are 6-5 Omaha.
Opened it by myself cause I’m an independent black woman who doesn’t need a man but kinda wants one but not really.
I need to learn how to skateboard
But what if it is Jimin and he just gave those options because he already feels forgotten and just wants to see if Yoongi would think of him on his own? Having two options... it seems to easy # b t s o u t c a s t d 4
"Today we still find that the same # forces are always attacking everyone who opposes # communism and that they always make the same # false accusations.
We were out for most of the morning. "Ireland" was on tonight although at first I was sent to bed. E asked Daddy could I come down and I was allowed to watch it.
Lame left you scarred so I had to reinvent you
Giancarlo Stanton fucks Kimore Lee Simmons and Christina Milian that is YANKEE behavior
Meal prep with Mumma. Excited for taco salad!!!
I always feel like somebody's watching me... And it ain't no privacy lol... Michael Jackson... And whoever sang that song...
If your name is Indianapolis Colts, Pittsburg Steelers, or Tennessee Titans, the chiefs can’t beat you.
But in secret, I work with my adoptive sister for the D.E.O. to protect my city from alien life and anyone else that means to cause it harm. I am Supergirl.
my timeline is a mess right now wow
wooh sleep is love!!!!!!! good morning!!!!!!
it’s genuinely keeping me awake u don’t realise how big this suitcase is
snapchat needs a feature to search in your story views if a certain person watched it or not life would be so much easier
A ll We Know - Paramore N ew Amercana - Halsey D on't Wanna Be Torn - Hannah Montana R unaway - Avril Lavigne E yes Closed - Halsey A ll That - Cymphonique
Kinda Wanna Smoke So We'll See .
im not living I'm just surviving
tonight about to be so lit
Taking the website down for a min. New year, new shit! # extinct 1
EHAT I LITERALLT HAVE NO IDEA WHICH ONE IT IS IM SCREAMING IM TOO YOUNG TO DIE SKBDKSKS
I do not like the smell of men
Okay so Elyxion in Bangkok is not happening, and neither will HK. So I'm gonna wait for more dates and my plan B is Elyxion dot in Seoul hadjfkhsdfhnOMG, this ho might be going to Korea this summer D E D
Ion care bout nun of that you saying. Actions speaks louder than words.
I won a skateboard but I don’t know how to skateboard lol
We’re making moves this year. Giant leaps & all .
Liam is growing up too fast, he doesn’t want me to carry him down the stairs anymore, he wants to walk and hold my hand
This what I like every sunday, old music sa lahat ng radio station.
cant wait for jr's lojt aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa i have to wait for atleast 3 months :((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((
Apparently I'm single at school but I have a boyfriend at home... where he at? He gotta be invisible.
HALP FELLOW GLASSES WEARERS: Where do y'all like to get your glasses from? I want some new frames because frankly I hate my current ones lol # b l o g g e r s wanted
My head is pounding but I can't sleep. What is life.
a-are we gonna have to vote on taehyung or seokjin ?? that’s so much pressure... we could ruin everything. we hold so much power. #B T Soutcast D4
Plus I look like a fat moose
Finally taking my Christmas tree down
I mean... I just want pizza
Starla is in her room. Only knock if you want to see millions of stars e v e r y w h e r e .
Let’s go VIKINGS! Extend their lead 47-40 to force a Sallies timeout. Keep hustling Vikes!
I have turned my flirting all the way down on these here social media sites becuz I'm being watched too... I see you...
My nude game gonna be so strong when I get a man
"Of course we find the most bitter # hatred directed against these men, whose only "faults" are # honesty , # patriotism and # t r u t h f u l n e s s .
Pumas suck at set pieces like arsenal yeayeyaayeaaaa
broooooo when june 4th rolls around i tell you whatttttttttttt
"Myriad possibilities produce endless variations on tomorrow. Some even repeat themselves." # infinity war
Hate when you see people comin into the gym without a plan...
To go out or stay in
People ask me where I got my singing style. I didn't copy my style from anybody.
life is one time offer,use it well
this new anti depressants side effects better not be insomnia or istg i will swallow down a whole box of pills to just S L E E P
This has been the worst work week of my life and it's only day 2
ouvindo i wish - one direction e carente
“tch” THE CLOSEST HYUNG??? THE CUTEST HYUNG??? THE CARELESS HYUNG?? # b t s o u t c a s t d 4 ESTOY E CRIEI
Hate gettin all hot n sweaty in front of people
Shoutout to E for doing my stalking dirty work for me #Best Friends Who Stalk Together Stay Together
This isn't a traffic or maps issue. Because it's both consistent and immediate (i.e. right after I confirm), it's deliberately part of your algorithm. But it's more sinister than a simple #U Xfail that disserves your customers (and driver's)... # u be r is a broken watch
but im in love , can’t blame me for checking
who remembers saying “h-e-double hockey sticks” ??
I am almost done with season one of the last ship
this gotta be a joke man
always set a good impression on people in school otherwise you’ll end up like a depressed cunt like me
Thinking about practices this way is a unitary approach for knowing & being. It allows a focus on KNOWLEDGE-IN-USE (i.e., social practice theory)—which makes it much easier to attend to context, relevancies, identification, histories, heterogeneities & hybridities. #N G S Schat
“All you ever wanna fucking watch is peep show, inbetweeners, the office or can’t pay we’ll fucking take it away”
# l r t , i felt that in my soul
Need a fill in, don't wanna pay
Jin is the creator. He was mad at Yoongi for not laughing at his dad jokes #B T Soutcast D4
Do yourself a favor and work hard for your future self
miss keisha miss keisha oh my fuckin god she fuckin dead
HELLO i honestly don’t know what to say but i think i’m gonna start spamming tweets on here instead of my main twitter but idk i honestly forgot why i made this but iTS FINE
Everyone be lagging so much...I need new people to dm
L-o-v-e's just another word I never learned to pronounce.
NO ES JIMIN FUCK ES JIN
take me back to the night we met
It's either pink or black Those are the nail colours
The next station is Shimbashi. The doors on the left side will open.
Goals since August 2015: R. Mahrez (30) P. Coutinho (28) E. Hazard (26) Assists since August 2015: R. Mahrez (21) P. Coutinho (18) E. Hazard (10)
The more i get closer to her the more she makes me wanna pull back
I’m trying to forget you but I’m also waiting for you to come back..
"We also find a few # courageous men seeking to # awaken the # nation to its # peril . Men like Gerald L.K. Smith, Upton Close, Major Williams, Joseph Kamp, Charles Lindbergh, Conde McGinley and Dan Smoot for examples.
& can I just thank John Williams for his amazing talent on the music he did for all the Star Wars movies, Harry Potter, old Superman, Indian Jones, E T, & more classic movies.
this EXACT moment of the song.. so so beautiful
THE NUMBERS ARE 3 AND THEN 7 K I M S E O K J I N #B T Soutcast D4
How you want respect but don’t respect yourself .. ?
Looking at jokers flirt with your boo lol... He knows not to flirt back becuz I'm looking dead at you...
They push 'em up don't they? Woo boy!
Dapper Laughs on CBB has me crying
I feel like the burning smell in the mrt is a way of trying to kill off everyone slowly
Just need Tyrod to do well tomorrow.
i hat e this thinG #B T Soutcast D4
Terminei The End of the F***ing World e nossa .
Been exhausted these past couple days
Who trying to hit half off apps for this wvu/ playoff game
I went to the park with my friends and these 2 boys were just calling us and following us . Iam never going to the park again
love came in o n t i m e
I wanna pierce my face again
okay smarty go to a party
all i;ve known is to be real & spread real inspiration .
Apparently only one player is on the court in Morgantown in the second half. There's only one I'e heard the announcers say anything about anyway.
Old coworkers expect me to fail. New coworkers don’t want to see the king walk through that door
ahem,,, t— tits h— humping e— end global warming. 8— D
Take you a bath dusty ass boy
eou: apparently a hexer now, arcanist shenanigans from iv bit him in the ass. teamed with said enforcer (survivalist) and a bunch of guildmates. still personally after ameno habakiris for the enforcer.
all i gotta say is maybe if yall dumb mofo didnt choose namjoon yesterday then we would have more info on who to choose #B T Soutcast D4
I’ve got a boyfriend now and he’s made of gold, You’ve got your own mistakes and a bed at home.
week 15 of doing nothing on a Saturday, feel like I should be 16 again
i will work on my happiness this year
i was about to. scr e e e eches.
BIG to all artist and producers with there OWN sound
Seen my life Try to cut it with a knife Now i made it big And now you call me your friend and not a twig
Eric Paschall from 3 this season: Before today: 2-27 Today: 3-3
and the crazy thing about it, i was starting to trust you again
Wile E. Coyote, very stable genius.
I made sure I got everything at 21 so I can be where I am today.
Dapat galit ka sakin after what I told you.. But why are you still here..
Going to the gym makes me so nervous
Ppl be hating on Russia and they don’t understand the context of being a nation that has perpetually been felt a shorthand...I.e there growing season for crops is 3 months shorter than the rest of Europe...reducing their ability to generate wealth for centuries :(
Marc E. Bassy - only the poets mixtape Vol. 1
NOT WE. BUT YOONGI. I SEE.
i will lose weight this year
⌜ Passed out for a moment. Good night, everyone. 2:41 AM. ⌟
“Sometimes darkness wins. Sometimes that’s okay.”
Hangeng to ELF : All the more important E.L.F. Thank you so much and I love you
Are there any kids who asked their parents for a Matt Ryan jersey and got a Matt Bryan jersey instead? Because that would be hilarious.
Can't spell Transcendent Young Phenom' without the.... ....'T-r-a-e Y-o-u-n-g'. #O Uvs W V U
I’m unstoppable, I’m a Porsche with no brakes I’m invincible, Yeah, I win every single game
should i read the part 4 already
4 DAY'S 2gO U B E C
i will move to boston this year
always be kind , no matter how much you’ve hurt
WHY CAN'T YOU JUST TELL US #B T Soutcast D4
Just on here tweetthinking for a minute... And laughing...
I’m not the best but I know I’m nothing like other females..
achievement c.1 - unlocked achievement c. 2 - unlocked achievement c.3 - STILL FUCKING LOCKED, but now it's better asi nikdo moc nechape co??????
Headaches back. -____- Stuffy nose decided to join us too. o/ ITS A PARTY NOW
I only smoke the bag I’m on a diet
I'd climb every mountain And swim every ocean Just to be with you.
You're giving me reasons to step back, you make me feel less important than before, you make me lose my mind thinking of what is going wrong with you, so now don't be surprised if why i am being like this.
Personal Injury Collision Yonge St & Sheppard Ave E [32 Div.] 01/06 20:28 #North_York # Toronto
" # Power which no admitted # minority should have. We find them in control of # communism elsewhere and by their control of # government steering the course of this # nation towards # communism here.
the 'es' is still pronounced the same as the ê and follows the same rules wrt euphony but its just. There Now, Suddenly
The announcer just said WV has gone 6 minutes without a field goal... There hasn’t even been 6 minutes gone this half and we have 2 field goals lmaoo
I smoke a woods with your bitch coolin in the lobby, I watch my spine all the time cuz these niggas plotting. I like the way she drop it, and let me milly rock it. O
I need Atlanta to get this win tonight.
course of action is exploring ur hybrid identity e.g asian american or asian british etc etc
I want to sleep for 30 years
The way Gerard Butler kicking ass in London has fallen got ya girl
clinical days are coming real soon LETSSSSS GOOOOOO
This program has zilch artistry, Z E R O
I wonder if I still have them actually coz there was a point in my life where I had a ‘ew no cute shit in my territory’ phase and my mom might have thrown them all away along with my other plushies
i will travel to europe this year
Time 02:40AM Temp 40.5°F WC 40.5°F Hum 96﹪ Winds E 0.0 to 8.1mph Rain 0.00in Baro 29.91
I May Just Come Out The House For A Second .
I hate how y’all make seem like somebody can only be from Haiti ,The Islands , South America & Africa to listen to that music .. NOBODY SAY NOTHING WHEN YOU LISTENING TO ARTIST FROM MY CITY SO STOP
I have like 4 episodes of Black Mirror left. They’re all over an hour
my 12 year old sister is crying over a fun dip right now.
This weekend I cancelled every one of my personal commitments so I could get my house in order, organise my room/diary/finances, train my dog, and READ. I feel 10% flakey but 90% wonderful, and am ready to rejoin the real world tomorrow.
I will graduate this year I will buy my own car I will join the army
WOAH THIS IS MY 10.000th tweet. I just wanted to say that I love harry styles so much and I will always support him in everything. He deserves all the love and happiness in the world, I hope he’s having a great time, always.
Rooting 4 Rams, Eagles an Bills this offseason
CANADA WHY YOU SO COLD PLEASE STAHP
Oh so you wanna be somebody?
Because God is powerful, change is possible.
i will meet niall this year
In conclusion of my short vacay in my hometown: There to witness the beginning of my parents' mid life crisis
Avg Wind:17kts, Gust:20kts, Wave Height:0.4m, Wave Period:4s, Wind Dir:66 °(NE), Gust Dir:70 °(E) at 07/01/2018 01:36:00
Avg Wind:17kts, Gust:30kts, Wind Dir:90 °(E), Gust Dir:102 °(E), Water Temp:7.6 °C at 07/01/2018 01:36:00
Avg Wind:17kts, Gust:22kts, Wave Height:1m, Wind Dir:86 °(E), Gust Dir:75 °(E), Water Temp:9.5 °C, Wave Period:3s at 07/01/2018 01:36:00
Avg Wind:24kts, Gust:29kts, Wind Dir:75 °(E), Gust Dir:78 °(E) at 07/01/2018 01:38:00
I'm home sick and I haven't even left to go back to school yet.. I'll be fine when I'm with the homies again, but leaving home fucking sucks. Responsibilities fucking suck. I just want to be 13 again and not have a fucking care in the world.
Most of my memories feel like they belong to someone else
Water Temp:7.3 °C, Avg Wind:15kts, Wave Height:1.3m, Wave Period:4s, Gust Dir:85 °(E), Gust:23kts at 07/01/2018 01:38:00
I’m trynna take some nudes in the shower & send em to my bitches but my shit not waterproof
Makes you melt like chocolate... In which I am... Very berry chocolate... And I love it...
Hacking flipped your Votes like he did for Obama and tried to do for Killery before we stopped him on Nov. 8, 2016.
people needs learn to stay in their lane like if other fandoms got drama don’t get involved & make everything worst if you don’t even know what’s going on lol
Seeing a movie in theatres for the first time in years and I've already sat through F I V E car commercials. # what happened
So sorry, Canada, that you have to suffer through Trudeau's term just as USA suffered through obama. Canadian Conservatives MUST take down Trudeau. NWO's Soros owns Trudeau. Audit your Election Ballots and Voting Machines. Soros' Computer
I literally got frostbite from exposing my fingertips for the camera shutter button.
Always show your true power never hide it
He died just for us to live
Just got off work and saw that coutinho signed for Barca, made my year already
Ready to hear what Pops has to say for that opening 2018 at church tomorrow.
"Today, we find the same situation. We find a certain "minority group", who were known as # C a a n i t e s and are now called Jews, become extremely # wealth y by promoting organized # evils and by their # wealth have gained great # power in # government .
If you are happy in this moment, if ur with people you love and ur having a good time and everything is okay, take that in you lucky mf
don’t fight over niggas sis they ain’t good for shit but ah quick lick
My man sleeps at 3 am bcs he busy studying but still can chit chat and laugh and most importantly be very attentive even I know he is so damn sleepy. The sweetest E.V.U.R.R
#B T Soutcastday4 in the end of the day we should choose between seokjin and taehyung
Tim Allen has degree in philosophy.
Uses chopsticks to cut the cake
can someone tell me how to screen or filter tweets?
"How many smiles have you faked?"
White people need to stop listening to rap music
Well at least we came away with some points.. This offense looks pitiful though
WAIT ITS SEUNGHOON OMG IM SCREAMIDNDBNFS
A good man doesn't love a million girls, he loves one girl in a million ways.
Football seasons done now time to get ready for some baseball sf Giants baby
Mirg was in my game yesterday btw
No morals , no self respect, & the sad part about it is they think it’s cute ..
sometimes i am sadder than sad
Touching bands but I’m not a groupie
Im so in love with Christina Aguilera i need so much help
hateful things built in her head hateful things she won't forget hateful things she will regret hateful things she is herself
CHOSE WISELY FUCK SHE SAID THESE NEXT POLLS WERE HELLA IMPORTANT #B T Soutcast D4
To God Asking For Some Sleep: Noma yini Bhozza yam. Noma seku 2 hours nyana... # K u n z i ma
Hold up it’s a YOON MIN AU?? #btsoutcast D4
Um Gold goal e nenhum first down#NFLnaESPN
I was really about to reply to his dm and be all adorable but he got me fuccccccccced up
gonna get your name tattooed in an arrowed heart
And I wanna be useful And I wanna be hopeful What's the matter with hopeful? I just wanna get out of here!
Is it supposed to be funny that I have to pay for a $130 textbook that I might open once hahahahaha I don’t get the joke
emd: again goes back to prince shenanigans. just him and the enforcer (now a ninja) this time. still searching for ameno habakiris despite enforcer saying four is enough
I honestly can't wait to get my momas name tattooed
But then you got your handsome sexxii guys too.... And them smiles... Oh yesslawd...
WE THE STUDENTS OF WESTERNBURG HIGH . . . . W I L L D I E
love how...this is only my second day but they choose to throw me into the busiest night of the week
Shut up there’s a second goon film
A punto de una depre I need my hubby
Mariota on 1st drive of 2nd H: 5/7 51yds 2 rush 21 yds 1 rec 6 yds 1 TD Literally outperformed the entire Chiefs team's entire 2nd H in every phase himself.
Alex Smith in playoff losses: 95.9 Passer Rating Tom Brady in playoff wins: 95.3 Passer Rating
dick pics r ugly n no one wants them i’ve never asked for one in my L I F E yet i still got spammed with that bs i hate boys
to vendo netflix e essa "The end of the f***ing World" que vcs tanto tao falando mal eu achei mt boa
Why did i Have to be anemic
The way you walk, that’s me. The way you talk, that’s me. The way you got your hair up, did you forget that’s me?
Supporting an idiot makes you an idiot.
Imma Ride For You Baby If You Gone Ride For Me !
Alright fr tho I’m in need of a workout partner that’ll workout everyday with meh
Does anyone know of a fruteria in IB? Or just a healthy spot to eat at
Like girl you’re pregnant that can harm your baby
I don’t think anything makes me quite happier or fuels my soul as much as experiencing live music does.
Anybody trynna buy me a waterproof case pleasee
Wind 7.6 km/h E. Barometer 1019.0 hPa, Falling slowly. Temperature 31.7 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 45%
Giants are undefeated against the Patriots in the Super Bowl
Just tryna live my best life
WHY WOULD YOONGI CREATE THE GAM? E
She keep it real unlike these niggas!!! Thats why i fuck w her!!!
Howard should have cancelled classes when they made the news, cancelled chapel services & had to tell students to stay home almost four days ago.
without keiichi okabe no nier game would be memorable he composed all the beautiful music which is an integral part of nier and not to mention emi evans who literally made up an entire language for the series most iconic songs
The end of fucking world é pequena miss sunshine adolescente.
I was thinking about you, thinking about me, thinking about us, what we gonna be?
Do I want to do a smokey pink/burgundy eye look tonight? Or a black smokey eye paired with Fenty's Midnight Wasabi?
I hate dudes who act like theh got that good dick game & then whip out a sardine & Im like fake moaning lol put your pants back on boy
Denver has some weird ass people man lol all my life shits been strange here
Press Vagina fans really chanting "Trae Young Sucks" Y'all don't watch much basketball where youre from, huh?
Some of you should thank God for good personalities becuz they take you a long way..
That’s why I just got me a Quinn jersey
assisti the end of the fucking world e to tipo como ok, e agora acontece o q
meu,The End of the Fucking World é mt foda
It’s hard to love someone so much but have to let them go cuz you know you can never be with them (not talking about e&gray)
This is the most lit my tl is gonna get at this point until hixtape
The rams defense is everywhere right now.
I’m convinced some females need Jesus and won’t call on him ..
Curious cat a fi people wah have fans Me nuh have that
Thanks bae for my new bag
Nothing is worse than being sick and by yourself
it be your own niggas who don’t support you
Why is Matt Ryan trying to scramble lol
IS IT CHILL THAT YOU’RE IN MY HEAD CAUSE I KNOW THAT ITS DELICATE D E L I C A T E
We all have talents and we all have beauty we just need to shower them it’s not what is in the outside account but in the inside we are all the same people
Five Tips to Lose Weight This Year
I remember Snooki being pregnant and she didn’t heavily work out cause of the baby. So why is khloe..
NOOOOO ~ SHIKAMARU, GIVE HER BACK H E R COUPONS!!
plick a side or run nd hid e
We forgot Vatican City and are arguing whether Turkey is technically Europe if you’re saying Georgia is.
why was call me by your name like one of the most beautiful films ive ever seen asking for a friend im so sad also
I really hate people who take pictures and videos of themselves on the toilet. It bothers me so much. Yes. That includes Chris Brown.
I swear my defense is so fkn sexy
E very Rose Has It's Thorn - Miley Cyrus F reak The Freak Out - Victorious I Am Damaged - Heathers
HE ' S GO N E
E&M theory didn't need to change after the discovery of relativity. It already implicitly accommodated relativity.
# now playing So in Vain - CHEMISTRY - ALL THE BEST [Disc 2]
Don't you worry yourself , I gotta do this for me.
feel sorry for any nigga that did me wrong
the galaxy s6 is two phone models old so we are clear. making a joke and my own expense
I need someone to talk to
know the difference between who to cut off & who to be patient with
Make that old bitch kick that FG!
apparently my new friends showed me a different genre of porn... i'm only scarred a little
Let’s go Falcons! # rise up — watching Atlanta Falcons vs Los Angeles Rams
Okay and I'm done lol... I'm just saying.. .
I’m never going to be good enough, pretty enough, smart enough, skinny enough, or just simply enough and that is tearing me apart.
I started hustling at 16 because moms didn't have it to giv,e she was a single parent with 3. So i had to hustle just so i can have money to look good for the bitches lol
I'm trying to keep a level head. You have to be careful out in the world. It's so easy to get turned.
Jords is mad at m e
A bunch of random people keep trying to follow my private account. How do they even find it?!
#Supernatural No S B T Dean e Crowley otp sim
you know the only sad thing about the i7 anime??? n o r e : v a l e
Who Cares What Other People Say ? Man Fuck What Other People Say .
You were amazing and always will be.
im so surprised e said molly can sleep in bed with us, but my heart is so full now that i have my little family together again
Yeah I'm just speaking truth... Always wanna knock these females but y'all step up looking like roaches...
Just got the deathnews of my khalu. Inna lilla e wa inna ilehe rajioon.
I’m going to do this reading a certain amount of books in 2018 ..I’m going to try to read 24 books if I exceed that then that’s great but I’m gone try to get to 24
Yes, I have M.E.M.E.S : M-Memes E M-More memes E S-Stolen
kiss me hard befoooore you goooo, summertime sadnessssss
3 point play by Justin Money pulls the Vikings ahead 43-40.
#B T Soutcast D4 what are u doing with me?
I have made a proton satellite conducting laser surgery (e.g.
wanted to order ramen but deez niggas playin && im not tryna go outside to get it
eo iv: starts as a sniper but somehow in the middle becomes drained of life, goes into drawing magic circles, is still hunting for ameno habakiris, still for the sake of the enforcer who is a nightseeker this time
Who do we need to drag
LMAOOO WOW STILL going behind ur gfs back to talk to the girl that almost ruined ur relationship HAHAHAHAHA It's ur life boo
Rams are coming so close to Ryan every play
I have to look at my following and unfollow people that don't tweet me.
No more talking leaving people behind, If you don't know my time is coming. #Young Collected #Bronx N Y # We the movement
Yoo Apple Map is the worst
I fucking can’t TODAY IS MY DAY OFF STOP BUGGING TF OUT OF MY SOUL
Basically 3 hours in a damn phone
ml here ml there ml everywhere
I forgot how much I loved The Good Wife. It’s so great to watch good smart television again.
Relatable Encounter of the Day: Typing things into Google to see if you spelled it correctly.
i got an iPhone 8+ because i hate good technology. i can finally do what the samsung galaxy s6 does # why am i like this # i crack
Sigh... You're so serious. You're just like Kyle. If you take the battle too seriously, you're sure to make a mistake.
We are NOT the same...I promise
Several Players Slipping on that LA Field.
Wish someone would bless my messages
make sure it got no MEAT, no CHEESE, N O V E G E T A B L E S
pretty sure I ate shrimp shit today
She is so drunk now. She goes over to the record player and slips in Fleetwood Mac's Rumors.
And men folks look at us women like we all fake this and that but y'all need a few fake things lol... Becuz some of y'all are busted..
No more "soda" or caffeinated" drinks 2018
I don’t ask for much but sleep would be absolutely fantastic. I’ve slept 9 hours in the past 3 nights
These chest pains are real deal
She said "Thank you, Happy New year din" you said "thank you as well for ending my 2017 with your memory" and that broke my heart again.
You gon’ have to say my name for this
wah.. i still in love e
I don’t wanna go back to school, I’m getting really anxious and I’m really stressed right now plus I’m really depressed and on the verge of kermitting seewerwlide
it was only a bet how did it end up a show and my entire source of income it was only a bet (it was only a bet)
Black Dahlia Murder and E&J brandy bitches
These kids dance songs sooooo w e a k bruh
Andy Reid and Bob Sutton should split the cost of every DUI in Kansas City tonight
I WANT CHR*S BR*WN OFF OF MY TIMELINE F O R E V E R !!!! WE WILL ONLY BE SUPPORTING AND PRAISING MISS FENTY !!!!
The forest stood still. As they neared In the moon light, Leaves whispered And danced.
glad I can say wtf I want without worrying about a mf recruiter
I need to ride horses on the beach
gonna look like broly in one year
I literally get depressed when my son sleeps out missing him like crazyy
Make love was THAT song that triggered gorillas to act a fool.
VRV telling me to check my internet connection every five minutes when my internet connection is fine is getting on my damn nerves
Do you ever watch a tv show and when the characters kiss you just think about the person you want to be kissing
I’m tryna fall asleep while suckin on ya titties cuz you my lil titty binky
“90210” by Travis Scott is a classic
Kim Seokjin is older than Yoongi, therefore he doesn’t use honorifics, so what if it’s Seokjin getting his revenge at Yoongi for that one time he didn’t laugh at his joke BOOM MYSTERY SOLVED # b t s o u t c a s t d 4
Nomo sleeping on me gimme dat pillow
Grandma: *watching E!* Who is that? Me: Leonardo DiCaprio. G: Oh must be when he was young. Me: Yeah, 19. G: Who was 19? Me: Leonardo DiCaprio. G: Oh yeah. Leonardo DaVinci. Lonardi-- Michaelangelo.
Earlier today I wondered what happened to the boy in the R.E.M. video for It’s the End of The World as We Know It. I know I could google it, but what if it’s bad. I think I prefer not to know.
If we don’t get a TD off this break I’ll snap I swear
the time you warned someone you would fuck it up anytime now
Ain’t mean to break yo heart but baby that’s what thugs do
grape juice is the best juice
DAY E CAROL FIZERAM COVER DE GIVE ME LOVE QUE JOIA RARA
I bumped into a wall and fell over.
You are beautiful just the way you are... It's okay to enhance but Sheesh...
Hell hath no fury like a man who lost a first-place lead in Mario Kart because of those GODDAMN LIGHTNING BOLTS MAKING ME LOSE MY FUCKING ITEMS.
To make a curious cat account or no ?
or would it be russ* asf
would it be sus if i watch a movie by my self ?
the locals are tweeting brockhampton and n.e.r.d. lyrics i’m feeling bamboozled
Eu acabei de assistir The end of The fucking world e estou perplexa, que amor
MY HAIR IS FALLING OUT I AM S T R E S S E D
Old people say “mank” not “mink” lol
On top of the world is such such a feel good songggg
Well today’s been depressing and no one wants to talk to me,, so I guess I’m just gonna go to sleep
I just told Misa my Valentine’s Day story and he was not amused lmao
Right Twix over left Twix everytime
Asked for a shot and got 3!!! BUT GAS TANK ON E!
So it’s down to Tae or Jin, who could have been Hoseok but never really him? My moneys on Jin, he wouldn’t say hyung but that would make sense since he’s older # b t s o u t c a s t d 4
the amount of us locking ourselves in our rooms listening to hold tight tonight with that pic LMAO
You never stoppin this shit! Like a BULLDOZER BITCH!!
Bar game: name the different countries in Europe...
geez I forgot how shitty the people in Tijuana drive
I am sICK AND TIRED OF THIS MOTHER FUCKING N E G L E C T ATLUS-
Never force someone to make time for you. If they want to, they will. It's a matter of choice. Di palang siguro sila bored
are people really clubbing in this weather?
"I'm #Back Ni9e drunk on hole number 1 fellas" - This was the beginning of Back Ni9e Golf. Absolutely gold.
"We read, 'Then Amaziah, the priest of Beth-el, sent to Jeroboam, King of # Israel , saying, " # Amos hath conspired against thee in the midst of the House of # Israel : the land is not able to bear all his words".'
i found sweets i got on a new year oh y e s
am i such a buzzkill for not caring about this whole outcast thing? im not even being sarcastic, i want to join the whole thing but i cant find any hint of interest in my body
I hope you love me as much as i love you
Excuses aside, it's just not fun to watch Football games when your two best players are watching from the sidelines. Still excited for next year tho! Hoping the Mahomes era is a fun one!
"One ounce of prevent is equal to one pound of medicine"
That's why you don't overdo anything do things in moderation...
You know it’s cold when ya mama pull out that mink!!
Why have I been sleeping on Imagine Dragons for so long??
Island Vape & Vibe has a loyalty card system, my next visit I'm getting a free 30ml bottle of e liquid and they gave me a cute ass carrying case. Really awesome customer experience for me.
Changing my whole mindset for this year, just tryna be positive and not stress about the bullshit
THERES AN ARTIST HERE WHO LITERALLY HAS AN AIZAWA BODY PILLOW SHIBARI STYLE AND A MIC EARPHONE WRAP CHARM AT #SACANIME #ARTISTALLEY AND I AM DYING I HAVE N E E D S
Listening to music is something somewhat impt to hubs when he gets into a hotel, e 1st thing he does is fish out his mb, start playing music hahaha doing e same in e hse now, get home or wake up, get music playing
I’m pretty sure I’ll ship Larry Stylinson until the day I die.
How to make vaporwave music LOW THE SONG D O W N make the pitch D e e p (inside me) then! Add some reverb
The weather is so terrible. And the new year is so busy. Ugh!
KC doing what they’ve been doing for a good portion of this year... imploding
Down on farm. Democrats have no leader, have no offense. Trying fake news, becoming dreamers, saying nasty things, Hospitals going to be throwing children out on streets. My family has many Democrats. You are isolating them Not careful you will become socialist Party
i’ve lived a life full of feeling out of place and i’m completely okay with it now
I don't even gotta talk trash about you bc you make yourself look bad enough all on your own
Hands ‘round my neck, you know i got a lot left
Spn it again [#22] SUPERNATURAL: ((once mo r e
It’s the weirdest feeling ever lol
Just not feeling nobody back to keeping my distance
I love when all of Twitter learns one announcer’s name once every few months
gotta get hype for harry this year like i am for niall
Get a TD plz and thank you!!!
amém Iza cantando I put spell on you
So ask yourself how does a retarded wetback get into g. a. t. e.?
it rubs me the wrong way when people only praise yoko taro for how good the games are when a ton of other people also contribute to them
soooo....this Black Mirror: Black Museum episode....worth watching?
In your head In your head Zombie Zombie Zombie-e-e-e
I want to travel the fucking world
Once you're use to it just wear it becuz your faces look old and just sunk in and just all in patches... Come on ladies...
Too bad the Sens seem to quit when they get a lead
“You didn’t love her, because you don’t destroy the person that you love”
kiss me hard before you go
*waiting for killing stalking's next chapter*
goodnight, i love louis and timmy with all my heart
I have so much to say but at the same time nothing to say
People fall in love in mysterious ways
Late last night we brought my grandma to the ER & she got admitted in. I don’t sit well in hospitals, but God knows I want nothing more than to her to be okay.
Tie game at the end of the 3rd qt, 38-38. Big 4th quarter coming up, let’s go VIKINGS! #V K Nation
I cant wait to physically shut down from exaustion in public in front of god and everyone. Magfest is the best
whoever plays alyssa in the end of the f***ing world is so gorgeous wow
Late night walks (5pair of pants)
Complete this sentence: Trump is as dumb as... I.e., a bag of hammers; a sack of hair, etc.. Shoot your best shot!
Bouta watch the new insidious with my mrs.
side note, cheesy name for the book my guy
Had I not put Parmesan in this soup it would be vegan and that’s amazing because I don’t think it added much so I’m getting on my way.
I'm tired of getting the same p.e. class
holy fuck .. i lov e jongi n
god Blue Neighbourhood was such a fucking masterpiece troye sivan is so good
Will never buy another # chiefs playoff ticket again. This team and the # n f l deserve nothing for that excuse of a game.
Happy to see what this has in store for me
Good work today. Do you do these patrols by yourself to relax?
typed out every station on the tube map ohhh yeahhhh
3am pizza is the creepiest thing I've ever made
What is the scientific term for "satisfaction gained from calling out bullshit," and has there been a study about the connection between it—i.e our collective impotent rate tweeting about Trump—and the lack of meaningful social/political activism?
Damn I got a flight to catch and it’s icy as fuck outside.
o Brasil é a versão país daquele meme ONCE I START A POLITICAL REFORM, BETTER INCOME DISTRIBUITION AND REFORM ALL THE INSTITUTIONS WHICH DEEPLY HELP THE INEQUALITY AND PREJUDICE FOR LIKE 500 YEARS IN THIS FUCKING COUNTRY, ITS OVER FOR YOU BITCHES
well at least i can now answer “how british are you” with “i burnt my finger on a teabag”
it’s probably not Taehyung either because Taehyung would need to use honorifics right
I want some pills rn. Fuckkk
I was wondering who texted me. AND I WONDER HOW U FCKING GOT MY NUMBER
I’m going to relearn how to read and write music
Trae Young should try Bosley. Get that hair thing fixed
time management will be a major focus this year, & being a more effective communicator on specific issues.
You never know who’s looking up to you
Helping me grow my channel was still alive.
Kush loud as Fred calling Wilmmma
Really hope they take a shot to Julio this series.
time for a nap. I’m a cat who loves to snooze g a r f i e l d y o u l a z y c a t I hate alram clocks I’m am hungry I want some lasaga yo
"When # Amos warned that the # evils of the day both # weakened the # nation and would bring the wrath of # God down upon it, he was accused of # sedition , like # Jesus who gave the same # warning eight centuries later.
So I’m ok with people knowing I travel sometimes but no you ain’t getting my Mom, Dad, nieces, nephews, or my 3rd cousin twice removed.
idk when my family is getting home but im binge watching brooklyn nine-nine and life is good
But I will say, I am private and I think the internet is way too big to just be putting your whole life on it. It’s so easy for people to know stuff, that they would never know otherwise just by checking your Instagram.
That might change in the future, but probably not. I don’t think I’m important. I just didn’t think people really cared or noticed.
That’s just how I am, my social media accounts are about me and only me. I don’t post anyone else because why?
First, I will always be the only person in the pictures that I post, whether I go with friends or family
I know I've said some females and this makeup is ridiculous... But hunnii some of them need to put it back on... For real...
all i want in my like is some dem to filibuster with fire & fury
I’m on e this bitch jus put $20 in my tank I luv uuuu
Nahh get you a friend like Benni
Sometimes I’m like wow I’m so skinny, like way too skinny and then I grab my ass and then I feel better, bc you know I’m just skinny in the right places
When i have 4 quizzes and a test to take that is all due tomorrow .... meh I’m going to the mall I need a break
Babysitting a drunk man cause he can't get his feelings together.
I’m on day six of vegetarianism again and lemme tell ya I made the best soup out of random shit in my house I’m so damn proud.
Cant wait for my annual leave. I am so t i r e d.
The bad thing about being married to a Haitian man is no matter what you cook he gone ask "where the sauce?"
As a colorful butterfly His lips smoothly touching In-between her blossoms. # c sat r prompts
Is it legal to shoot ppl trying to vandalize or take down confederate monuments anywhere? Asking for a fren
Eyes more red than a laser yeah
a.c.e are really just coming for YG's life like that huh
Wait what if namjoon and this Kim _______ have a battle Will it be A DANCE BATTLE??? #btsoutcast D4
can’t name single person i don ran from
Im Bored Af & She Aint Even Texting Back
Get it now, picture’s big n clear
#B T Soutcast D4 Is it inspired by the game outlast? É inspirado no jogo Outlast?
Escutando loucamente the neighborhood e Lana Del Rey
So I’ve been asked 3 times today if I’m shopping for my wedding registry. Signs?
How gross some people force excessively strict political correctness (e.g. Kimono event cancelled at Boston Museum) and other support a racist as President! It's like two sides of the same coin.
Going to Arizona tomorrow morning. So excited!
Trust the univer$e . $tay in your world. $tay focused. $tay humble. Gain knowledge and learn more key$ . # shooter academy
Crazy the whole world knew it was a fumble 8 minutes ago except the official
I can die happy once I pay my mommas bills
Back in the gym... time to grow this Asd Back!
H.e.r- focus ... is a moooooood
i’ve had enough of emotions for like a thousand years bye
Anyway, this is just an advisory that Phat Mike's makes some solid BBQ and their pecan pie is pretty choice.
Isss a lot of crips coming to town & they buying nice suits, just to send their big bro home right. Excited to see old friends, but man F these sad circumstances #R I Pchico
How dumb can you be??? Get out the damn way fool smh
Benni is too cute she really called me cause she thought I was walking home alone
Harry Potter and the other Hand
D-R-I-P-P-I-N-G. I got that VVS I-C-E. Ooh, feels like a cooler. Juice, blame it on my jeweler
don’t know if i should binge watch scandal or htgawm
Y do I have the feels that it's Jin? 1st no honorifics & 2nd the symbols r 7 (Seokjin). Still not sure what (#) could be. #B T Soutcast D4
So this season Agents Of SHIELD has become Titan A.E.? Gotta give this show credit for reinventing itself every season.
Nigga said I'm homophobic because I didn't want to watch the gay people making out, then said I'm close minded because I don't like modern rap, which I do. I just don't like Lil Pump like he does.
Reviews by the NFL in NY...
Okay so beards don't look good on everybody... Neither does a mustache... Like no babes.. No...
OK OMG BACK TO WHAT I WAS SAYING ABOUT THE THREE KIMS
SINCE WHAT PLS DONT MESS WITH ME LIK E THIS
I how have a audio recording to prove thats trap
I spend so much my money on food and clothes and yet I'm still hungry and I can't find nothing to wear
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me. – Henry Ford
No ar: Rihanna - S e M
I’m too old I don’t know what anyone’s cosplaying anymore
4. Marx and Marxists also did everything they could to discredit or destroy every other form of state socialism (e.g. "utopian" socialism)
um whoever that anon is go fuck yourself pls. tas doesn’t deserve the shit u give her. if u don’t like her unfollow her. sending hate is so unnecessary pls get a life
Naples at night: high schoolers out driving their moms Range Rover while their passenger vapes
Fuck you know all of these just so mindblowing?????? Im so????????
Soooo my phone broke and AT&T sending me another one
Funny moments stream almost finished uploading
First of all where everybody at
Purposely waiting to iron my clothes in the morning so i can put on each layers while it’s warm.
terminei the end of the fucking world e to tipo ???¿¿¿
can't wait to start dancing again
600 blk of E. Smith Rd AID RESPONSE Diabetic problem.
ANYWAAAAYYYY THE QUESTION STILL STANDS, H OW COME "HE'S TELLING THE TRUTH" CHOICE GOT THE PLOT HERE???? EVERYTHING WENT TO SHIZ I DON'T UN DERSTAND
Goodness. I tried to stay up last night, but I couldn't keep my eyes open. Now, I wish I had slept. Ghosts? I never expected such a rude awakening!
My cousin in law Tash really knows how to make me cry and give me that reality check.
"Just as # corruption in high places cannot exist unless approved, or at least # tolerated by the general # public .
I always give u the chance to socialize but u don't even want to.
First second sunday for the month. And I feel bless
dopo stasera y’all better expect me as a fucking no emotions bitch cause thats who i am gonna be
At last, my lonely days are over.
It’s only 5:30 and I’m tired
IF. IT'S. ANOTHER. POLL. I'M. NOT. VOTING. #B T Soutcast D4
Someone just lit a blunt on the train and it’s Reggie
Cali over here talking about some damn “Carti B”.
Cmon man that’s falcons football! Nothing to challenge here
Wanna punch dis ho in ha shit so baddd yo
Put in my contacts in less than 16 seconds #New Personal Best
"C U P H E A D-"
Alexander’s little “nopee” is cute but annoying, I’ll tell him stop doing this or don’t do that he’ll be like “nopeeee”
Just sunk in. I have a 13 yr. old.
Ima get mine...you better get yours..
I’m on the verge of being hospitalized.
Anyways. I’ll shut up before some sensitive person has a go at me about how it helps them “escape reality” like yea but you are just setting yourself up to get your feelings hurt so like wake up for a sec
i’m in such a terrible mood , the slightest shit gon get yo ass turnt up on
"They fell for it! Get it? Now weaken them!"
Will You Still Love Me? // Chicago # sun day vibes
On to baseball season! Lets go # Cardinals & # R o y a l s
a.d. 0 b L am (e) u /s e (i) d ~ e/b t 0/0 t/h c re (a) d i/t 0/0 t/h d i thought 0ff t/h (d) ewe
In life what u really want will never comes easy.u should work hard for it and be patient
*waggles finger* Nobody said you could touch~ ^.~
My favorite word for the week has to be chiaroscuro. It’s an incredible one, for sure.
How do you cut somebody off and look for them in the next mf
All I do is play 2k I need a hobby
I WAS EATIND DINNER AND IVE COME BACK TO CHAOS # b t s o u t c a s t d 4
Just because yall talk/date don't mean yall have to talk every second of the day
"Now general # corruption cannot exist without the encouragement and # connivance of the # author i ties whose duty it is to suppress it.
The one person who appears even when I close my eyes The person who is next to me even in my dreams Do you even remember me? Do you even think of me? I miss you, please
Raider fans always talkin shit that’s what they do best and that’s why they fucking suck
Guys ... save the stadium assist number in your phone. We gotta get any and all bills fans outta there by any means... # J a g u a r s # d t w d
I can’t even with these night buses. People are literally bloody mental! What drugs are they taking
Thought she was a keeper but my mans hit her
I make people tell me around what time they wanna comeover Instead of “later” so I know approximately how long I have to nap
why is every single video about logan paul demonetized? i’m not trying to say youtube is doing it on purpose but i wouldn’t put it past them. i’m starting to trust them less and less.
All my niggas gone ball one day
me: im gonna stream today and it's gonna be great! also me: wakes up at 10, makes breakfast for friends, knocks our for the rest of the day W E L P
might trade it in tomorrow and get horizon ZD instead
velho the end of the fucking world é bom demais
"However, any action by an attacking player that causes a deflection/rebound off a defending player in the neutral zone back into the defending zone (i.e. stick check, body check, physical contact), a delayed off-side shall be signaled by the Linesman."
The greatest thing is surrounding yourself by like minded people. The worst is havin to return to people who aren’t
I just heard about #B T S Outcast and i am so shookt. I just checked it out yesterday. And i wished that i have checked it sooner instead of stressing myself out because of some ish. The whole fandom is talking about it and i'm also loving the memes
If I see One of you Man-bun wearers with baby hair swirls you're catching the fade Little lady
My Drivers License test had only one question n it was to name one thing thT is yello but i forgot the fucken Lyrics to Lemonade by Gucci so I fucken failed I can’t du N.E. THING RIGHT
it’s really fucking sad how some relationships end on certain terms when u never even expected it that way
“I loooooved preschool. Preschool was fun. But I hated kindergarten cuz then you had to learn.” - my little cousin
I can’t wait to get married
I am a queen and I don't need a king. I can rule by myself
I just feel so lost right now. I'm tired of this town, I'm tired of this people, I'm tired of This feelings. I'm tired for everything.
Zebras can't even get their mics turned on, its like McCartney at live aid. #L Avs A T L
Type 'Harry Potter and the', followed by suggested words. Harry Potter and the Sun on a Date.
Everyone I ghosted on tinder all decided to spam message me within ten minutes
Tell me why you told them broke niggas our business! They don’t care nothing bout yo feelings
I also want to make a meme out of that vine with the person honking at the old lady carrying milk jugs or w/e and she gets spooked but it's Rin honking at Meiko and she throws her alcohol in fear
If you can dream it, you can do it
Download the Penn Station Subs app! Eat great food and get rewarded. 1st one free with my referral code: uy8xa I just got mine and I'm about to smash.
you make my heart shake bend and break but i can’t turn away and it’s driving me wild
Jacey just left felt like I was living wit her
Tremont Waters and Trae Young killing the NCAA
Where All the videographers in the DMV area ? I’m looking at everybody work tonight.
Still waiting on my Xtina notice.
Chris and Seb wore same type of jacket almost same colour
01:34 Temp 4.3C Hum 92 Baro 1017.4 hpa Wind 3.2 mph/E Solar 0 UV 0.0 Dry
Ouvindo King of the Dead e pensando vishhhh
WHEN IT HURTS? O B S E R V E
"I love you, but I love me more."
"About 790 B.C., the prophet # Amos was warning the people of the # Kingdom of # Israel of the disasters which must overtake them if they allowed their # nation to pursue its # corrupt course.
Have a blessed first Sunday of 2018 to us all.
They came out with the Valentine’s Day $2.98 Reeses... i have a problem.
I think I should take another Maam Gonzalo class so my PE classes would have gone full circle but she has no dance class na di ko pa nakuha e HAHAH
#Wolf Season is here John Wall #N B Avote
Who gave McKenzie a Rams jersey!?!
damn ball hit 4 Rams players
This gets even weirder, Andy Reid just woke up and started eating the shit. Wow. "Crunchy", Reid said.
i am literally eating an elephant
Tell !e that you want me, tell me that you need me... I've been waiting all night.. Awesome fucking video to this tune! X
*knocking on your door* have you heard the news about kemono friends-
It doesn't matter how I carefully explain myself because people tend to misunderstand me anyway. So what's the use?
SHE SAID SHE WAS GON INTODUCR TAEJIN OKAY BUT W H E R E
cause when you look like that i’ve never ever wanted to be so bad
who’s album was better in 2017 , SZA’s or H.E.R’s ?
To drink some beers tonight or not to drink some beers?
Well I guess nauntog nako . There's something inside me that changed e . I can feel it.
He really needs to get off his f ackin high horse i s2g
Interested in being part of the #e S A X community via # social media ? Contact us now! # en t re p re ne u r # leadership
#B T Soutcast D4 things have gotten so screwed up now-- everyone thank you. I had unforgettable memories here and it was nice meeting you all. Okay. This is my last song.
It hit the Rams player. Our ball
Today I am # thankful for my mom and the sacrifices she made to put me through an expensive ass college #NYU
Can anyone do commentary for my match ??
Only # e book form that #i Books Author can use movie,sound,java...multimedia feature freely.
Omg we just had an earthquake yipes this was a jolt — feeling concerned
it feels good to wake’up next to him again
Golden closet films in outcast lost boys house
#Now Playing Grateful - Hezekiah Walker & The Love Fellowship Choir on # e g i m radio
the thought of school makes me d e p r e s s e d
bombas do lfl : in my feelings e when the word was.
Question: "What are your thoughts on YG's comments saying that Byeongkwan should be A.C.E's leader?" Junhee: "First of all, he hasn't seen/met me" saVAGE JUNHEE
28-3 21-3 3rd Q scores of last 2 NFL playoff games. Higher score lost both.
your gentle touch on my naked ass
My man’s chin game is too w e a k im telling yall
Youngster Mistake! Nice Play Special Teams! #A T Lvs L A R
2018 has been 1000x better than 2017 already. Got a job now, booked my first tattoo and still got my 18th and Amsterdam with Becca coming up
Zotz are the best candies ever
I’m 2222 thick I wanna cry yo
PLEASE listen to Starship Amazing they're so underrated
Devia te ifood de mc e bk
"...what is amazing is the degree to which the # public generally # loves only its real # enemies and # hates its true # friends .
Whatever i did for you last semester i cannot do again
When season 8 of shameless releases on Netflix I’ll probably watch it all within a week.
Leaving in January? That's a huge blow for us actually. But i'm just gonna put my trust in Klopp with every decision.
Will I ever get tired of watching Elf? Probably not
Btw I understand not liking shipping because there are those people that take it too far but in the end of the day peaceful shipping two members of the same group is less harmful than you deluding yourself into thinking YOU have a chance with your bias
I drank somebody's ice cold water .. I'll have to quickly refill the bottle before they wake up.
My dad to my mom: “wow your GPS gets really detailed. It tells ya where dogs take a shit”
7 days left at work and 9 left in NYC! It’s getting really real!
How many members on this site and how many want to take a trip to Ottawa? Bring your friends and get as many as possible.
DAD NO GET BACK HERE GET BACK TO THE REALM OF THE EXISTING YOU ASS
Gente The end of the fucking world é boa????????
Oh! Mah heart hurts so goodILYSB
I said once I cracked a brew we would wake up!
(Personal frustration with my paradigm and a bit of a confession)
Time for the big one of the day #A T Lvs L A R #N F L Playoffs
wish I had a real assss boy bestfriend .
I just had the worst uber passengers
New bucket list adventure. Make a stalker run through the Exclusion Zone.
The fuvk we're unknown aren't we
i think one of them is blistering anyways This Is Fine
just irritated at the fact you said you weren’t gonna make plans and then switched up when i wanted to spend time w you and my friends and play uno or something but nah.
Aaron Shust (e) - My Saviour, My God
NOOOOOO FUCK YALLL I DONT WANNA ANSWER THE POLL I DONT KNOW THEY ARE I DONT WANNA KNOW IM TOO SCARED AND WEAK FOR THIS AAAAAH
Crazy loss for big red. Go # F al cons
Cried and cried, and when to stop the tears are going to show a smile on our faces. 【ZAKUROGATA NO YUUUTSU】
when commands stop working on the h y p i x e l n e t w o r k
A special teams situation goes our way?
JWIN/ Unit:TWTR Inc:Autoalarm Loc:300 GRANT AV XSts:ULSTER AV/NEIGHBORHOOD RD Venu e:Ulster 01/06/2018 20:32
I’ll take it # F al cons turnover. Gotta punch it in
bitch his smile too :( more like his smirk in fuckifn dyingnd
the end of the fucking world é muito bom q isso
I really have been changing and not just cause its a new year that bs retarded lol i just felt i needed to change for the better I’m minding my business staying to myself not arguing w NOOOOBODY ever again im just putting myself first & staying positive
I feel like such a fuck up..
assisti The End of the F***ing World e me identifico com o James
The last few bots just got tweeted like I was in a convo okay
I really need to work on my awkwardness when I receive presents or gifts. Lol.
YES SIR!!! THATS WHAT WE NEEDED
On sundays we wear black. #Times Up
"Sometimes you gotta play the angles to be an effective BLADE, you know? Help each other out."
It's like not knowing which fork to use because in your house you only had one...and sometimes none at all.
Honestlyyyyy haven’t been feeling like doing anything. I’m soooo exhausted that I deadass don’t wanna pack ANYMORE! Like, I’m tired!
I love my faith and clarinet
This bastard fucking assignment man, I swear to god. Can't wait to wade thru all the cannon fodder and get to the good stuff, I.E. my portfolio and my final project!
Eat out instead of tagay out
I don't want to go back to SC, I need this break to be longer
swinging in the rain humming melodies we're not going anywhere until we freeze
didn’t the falcon special teamer touch it
Shippando ThiRah Sarah e Thiago #Junior Bake Off Brasil
I have my very first performance tomorrow... are y’all sick of seeing drag things should I make a seperate page for Kendra?
I love you and miss you so much; I'm sorry
What’s happening? # t h e w a l l
Ik i just woke up from a nap but i think i want to go back to sleep
Glen magfest quotes: • shut up faggot get in the car •its covered in baked beans just like my dick • cosplayer ass.
my new year a) drink more water b) yoga
I got Prey ages ago and I've only played it 3 times. It's so boring
just let this event e n d alread y
I've grown so tired of my bro's shiz im so done im so sooooo done it feels like he hasn't grown up
"They foresee the end of their # wealth and # power if the # public ever learns the # truth . Therefore, they viciously attack everyone who tries to warn the public of what is going on.
My body will never keep pace with my mind and heart and it has finally become a nuisance
I thought i survived, i guess I’m barely sobering up i do recall chugging that vodka doeee
Stop being loyal to someone who doesn't appreciate your loyalty.
Am I the only person with a massacred sleep schedule from winter break ?
THAICOM'5A/78.5'E HAPPY TV 65 MPEG_2/SD/FTA STARTED FREQ:11600 H 30000 (KU-BAND)
cause you look happier.. you do
dammit e-CH0, I thought your fox was a cat for sure;;
My bro my bro, that nigga my homie .
I see people say ‘I’m not gonna date someone unless they are _____’ like bitch. That will never happen. Date the dude/girl at the fucking checkout at tesco or some shit thats more realistic.
I feel like I can write a book on all the shit that's been going on these past few months
J ealous - Auburn E mpty Gold - Halsey M y Life Would Suck Without You - Kelly Clarkson A dored - Miranda Cosrove I 'm Still Good - Hannah Montana C olors - Halsey A dvice - Kehlani
No, thank you to any bullshit trying to come my way #2018
drive my bf car more then i drive mines
Watching this #A T Lvs L A R game I’m pulling for LA Rams
E o bromance dean e crowley #Supernatural No S B T
I thought the Chiefs loss made my day....then discovered Gleaming the Cube is on Amazon Prime. #80s Classic
Lmao dumb ass Rams gon be them
Can't nobody be more prouder then myself but me. Shawty came along way.
comecei a ver the end of the f world e dormi dsclp
I think this gets missed. I experienced throughout my academic career, and I've helped students negotiate it now. It's a feeling of not belonging because you did not have access.
Bitch I know the Rams lying???
Hey there Delilah, what’s it like in New York City?
? I LOVE JESUS. ? R E T W E E T ?
When your friend is guiding you making oxtails told y’all THE BEST FRIENDS EVER
SpaceGhostPurrp is still one of my favorite people and he continues to drop wisdom on us
There's nothing "stable" or "genius" about that buffoon.
amo meu summer romance crowley e dean
why doesn't yoongi just go to hobi's house
"Our # evils are always organized, because there are always those who have found out how to get # money or # power , or both, out of them.
Cuban intern: Oh please. You’re beautiful, I’m handsome...misunderstandings like this are common between people such as us. # Bones : ............true.
Everybody's middle is not at the same point. The argument that I've made is to avoid the extremes and aim for that middle. The problem with this is that "extremes" are very different to different people and thus, the "middle" is also vastly different depending on the person.
My fcking brothers think this is a dorm for their asses to come over when they’re done clubbing Mailau got me up 5am just to open my door for his ass to sleep
Me refusing mixnine's 10th ep is like me refusing to watch the final ep of broduce (not as intense tho) too many of my faves got eliminated my heart hurts????
y a cool lil environment with some cool ass ppl
I really enjoy the casino not only to gamble but because it’s reall
# p b p live . Hi Tia my name is Michele I was wondering do you keep up with the ex Parolees?
Don’t come and said something that hurts me more because your’e upset when you can’t make me feels calm.
IGN: "people really want him as Nightwing" WHAT PEOPLE
omg i figured out who chan reminds me of
“Why you heff to be mad? it’s only game”
But love is just a word, no one ever mean it.
Tied up 36-36 with 2:14 remaining in the 3rd quarter. Vikings take a timeout.
Seriously Fuck All That Talking Shit & Show Me Sum'n If You're About It .
I live for the day I get to pour into my children. Ima teach them everything I wish I knew
how can i be in peace?
i hate when a nigga say he gone do sum & don’t do it. like ok see u wack na.
cheers to a great season where we where in every game to the end! #Go Chiefs
Impaired Driver Sheppard Ave E & Bayview Ave [32 Div.] 01/06 20:19 #North_York # Toronto
Personal Injury Collision Yonge St & Sheppard Ave E [HP] 01/06 20:18 #North_York # Toronto
I don't like either teams lol but I hate Atlanta!!
Where is the fucking FULL ARM GOOSEBUMPS.
Incase anyone needs a good laugh it is $2,000 to get married at the Old Stone Church in Public Square. $2,000 to literally SAY YOUR VOWS, NOTHING ELSE. Are my kidneys even worth that?! No. Probably not.
#Now Playing Chanc e Th e Rapp e r by Chanc e Th e Rapp e r - Ang e ls (f e at. Saba) # e 3 radio # good music # l g b t #qu e e r radio don e right
_ASIASAT-7/105.5'E $ SONY NETWORK $ TEN SPORTS-(PAK) FREQ:4180 V 30000 PowerVu_Key: ECMKey=00: 113754C6C0CEE100 ECMKey=01: 0910927BE3F5CF00.
Man I legit find out everything. COMMON SENSE not EMOTION
THERES SO MUCH TO SUPPORT THE THEORY THAT ITS JIN THAT IT HAS TO BE JIN #B T Soutcast D4
Wind 0 km/h E. Barometer 985,8 hPa, Rising slowly. Temperature 15,0 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 86%
Rams D line to real !
The creator sound like me with them keyboard smashes I CANHS. DNATHRJBWNSNS E ENSJ$&$*($£×€NSKSKSSKSKSKKSMSIW8AUWJWKDEIEJEN*×(+WJWKDODKDK
E'rybody round me rich or they will be. Baby boy I promise you this or kill me
skjsjs Ivy is going to watch KnK's rain mv I l o v e
AHAHAHAHAH H E BROKE THE RULES FINE FINE ILL BE PATIENT
HOW LONG IS THIS SHIT GONNA GO ON FOR ITS 2:30 AM
About to get me something to eat and pick up a bag. .
AAAAAAAA SHE GON MAKE US CHOOSE AAAAAAA U BETTER STOP!!!!!!!!!
I do love Coutinho but i'm not gonna lie about how pissed i am about the way he's leaving and how Barca acted to get him.
I am so down for people dragging former PM's kid.
Why and the hell can we not get a drive going got damn it!!!
Don’t get lost in da sauce, you might drown ™
How do you spell “Kansas City”? “E. A. D.” #Eat A Dick Kelce #F U K Cthe Chiefs #Raider Nation
got new undies from PINK and the cutest one is a medium
i think id still sell my soul to meet sebastian stan
Before I let you go, I want to say please die.
Sacar Anim has quietly been really good this year
Matt Ryan gotta let that ball go
Someone who’s afraid of losing me. Someone who cares a lot about me. Someone who will spend the rest of their lives with me. I need you ;)
A FAMINE OF HEARING THE WORD OF #GOD "...unchanged is the stream of # v i l if i cat ion and # abuse directed at everyone who protests against current # evils and seeks to # warn the # public of the consequences of continued wrongdoing.
When you look up at a rainbow, do you ever wonder what's really waiting at the end? It might go on forever, like my love for you. An amount is hard to even comprehend.
It looks like # matt y ice may have his head taken off by the end of this game.
Can't wait to try the castor and vitamin e oil mixture for my hair
F.R.I.E.N.D.S: (F)ight for you. (R)espect you. (I)nvolve you. (E)ncourage you. (n)eed you. (D)eserve you. (S)ave you
And keep me NEAR the cross.
i’m tired of having to figure things out. just tell me straight up
droga nem comecei the end of the fucking world e já vi spoiler
ay some Chuck E. Cheese pizza rn
Simple way of approaches is just so like me. Not too heavy or lightly. Just, simple. :)
Is there a better combo than pasta and wine??
I am a firm believer in signs and things happening for a reason. Those signs make me smile.
Corey Garrett is definitely exiting my life
The last time the Giants had the 2nd picked they drafted Lawrence Taylor.
keeping it civil being all polite and shhh
“Give me one good reason why you aren’t vegan.” I LIKE MEAT.
The End of The F***ing World é massa dms
BRIEFLY COMING BACK TO SAY A.C.E REALLY ARE NOT AFRAID OF YG AND ITS FUCKING HILARIOUS TO ME I LOVE THEM I LOVE YOU PARK JUNHEE AND LEE DONGHUN PLE A S E NEVER STOP
THERE WAS A QUESTION ASKING JUNHEE ABOUT YG SAYING BYEONGKWAN SHOULD BE A.C.E’S LEADER AND JUNHEE SAID “FIRST OF ALL, HE HASN’T EVEN MET ME.” I LOVE PETTY JUNHEE
"I don't like being called Elvis, The Pelvis. That's gotta be one of the most childish expressions I've ever heard coming from an adult."
My bitch came & I’m moody as fcuk
Melinia! How on earth can you fuck Donald Trump every night??? Why don't you let "We the People" do it?
We have an hour and a half left till night 4 is done # b t s o u t c a s t d 4
My mom was snooping thru my backpack, i know because she ate some of my chips
Rolling in the deep eh um hino e tanto pprt
I hate life Nets needed this
They need to put prison break back on Netflix
Eating at the # grub b urge r bar ....if your not from around here and want some good ass food...I highly recommend this place #HRX2018 – at Grub Burger Bar
Trending Topic: #Chievo Udinese, #Basta Propaganda e # Calenda !
So much happiness!!! So many blessings!! Accomplishments!! All that!!
S.H.I.E.L.D HAS NOT SHORTAGE OF ENEMIES, DOCTOR.
ion even wanna go to playlist anymore
“Who ARE you?” Is this question for us? #B T Soutcast D4
My manger sold my shoes I had on hold
I JUST... AAAH WHY PLEAS E I CSNT OELASE PLEASE PLEASE
Hala somebody ask me to go out!
*edits photos while taking a bath*
ever really wanna talk to someone but you know that if they really wanted to talk to you they would've text first?
Offense still in the locker room
in ma bed already wow lightweight
The Marv Chat is the reason I'm suicidal.
I love you just remember that even when I'm pissed as hell I still love you more than anything I need you to know that.
I think I muted too many people now my TL super boring
YES! RT T: together E: everyone A: achieves M: more
I don't want another one. My love is enough.
n e way i hope it'll end soon, please don't hate me for being fed up with it and bitter when it comes to something that can make me anxious, and block me if it bothers you that much
Back On the Stokes With Brodie.
I hate when someone tries to force me out of my shyness. i c a n n o t h e l p i t
So y'all gonna stay mad at mama E's for as long as y'all did Mid-ks? # mind in g my business
I'm as proud of what we don't do as I am of what we do. （Steve Jobs）
BBB: East Noble 32 Huntington North 26. End of 3rd.
This will be a thread. Next thing that needs to go: that stupid Skittles pox commercial. Enough with the two middle schoolers who look like they’ve never seen the sun.
I think KU is going to lose tonight too boys, and I'm stressing over my fantasy SX picks, I want to win some fantastic prizes this year dammit! Baby is being put to sleep and I've got at least 8 Blvd Wheats in the fridge.
i’m so nervous for next weekend
PIKACHU, THOUGH LOSING TOUCH WIT H XIAOZHI, DECID E TO GO OUT FOR A BATTLE WITH HI S PALS. HOWEVER, ALL THE WAY ARE FULL OF COMPLIC ATED PROBLEMS, T HIS TIME...
If Tatum doesn’t win ROTY then idk what to say
It’s hard being still, but I’m taking this opportunity to reevaluate my goals
I'm like No, no thank you! No. but thank you for trying..Ig ..
Angela Simmons claimed she celibate til marriage then popped up pregnant by the plug & now she actin like she ain’t kno he was the plug
It's a henny type of might
sHIT MANN #B T Soutcast D3 gOT ME F U C K E D U P
This oovoo javer passed the aux cable to me but the jack isn’t compatible w my iPhone or w/e it’s called but ty anyway oovoo javer
If I leave you in read it’s probs because I know we’re tight enough for you to understand that it’s not that deep and I’ll probs bell you later
i’m omw to my aunts house wondering if they got da bottles out cuz i hate being there omfg.
"Our greatest fear should not be of failure... but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter." -- Francis Chan
I'm in my bag right now, can't lie .
If I Can't Depend On You Then What Good Are You ?
Jenni is super sweet doing all of this for her nanny/friend Monica. The day of her dreams before the day of her dreams. # s y t t d
Watching London has Fallen and quick question, does the Presidents secret service team have to go through military training? Anybody know?
acabar de ver Alt J e pensar: Please don't go, I love you sooooo
im hiding in my room forever gn
When I get sad my eyes get super blue
I was thinking tomorrow is Monday and yesterday was Wednesday smh lawwdd help me
i still know every word to rico story
TRAFFIC UPDATE: as of 09:33 am C.Raymundo ave. E.Angeles going to Rotonda (Moderate to Heavy) due to funeral march of our Former Mayor Soledad Eusebio. TPMO on site [admin10]
Wasted lahat. shut up na mez.
#Team Followback! Follow DjeLamentz and DJLADYT, let us know and we will # follow back !
Thought:There is a type of "imposter syndrome" that doesn't seem to be talked about much: It's based on lack of access to certain skill sets or knowledge that makes one feel a step behind everyone. It's based, often, on materiality of economic and social conditions.
I don’t understand people who are so against shipping group members but LOVE shipping themselves with their faves as well as their friends with theirs. Like... shippers aren’t affecting their faves lives unless they take it too far but some of y’all literally create new standards
My managers are so cute letting us wear our mittens, scarfs and hats today during our shifts
Seriously I feel like I babysit these weirdos does anyone want to watch them for like a day or two so I can have a break
Lucky Number Of The Day: 5 6 5 9
Yes, hit his CTE having ass!
Y’all really sleeping on the music from star man . swear I listen to it everyday all day .
In this moment of my life... I DO NOT DO MORE HOMEWORK!! But the only reason that makes me do it it's that I'm close to finishing my life as a university student... Well, I think that.
# I n c i d e n t s # Now MEDICAL EMERGENCY: LITITZ BOROUGH; E LINCOLN AVE & N NEW ST; INTERMEDIATE 85-3;
Blank just unfollowed me for no reason lol
Trying to flip these stacks dawg. Gotta be patient
Some men are so disgusting it’s not even funny.
I have no off days for two weeks
I hate seeing little kids on the phone all the time
You’re in charge of your own economy. Don’t let anyone tell you any different.
The hardest thing about having a new phone is teaching autocorrect to swear again.
In three words and your belief will never win if he must first believe in the art of getting people who believe that doesn't
more naps less spending pass classes pick up shifts travel
I expect a lengthy explanation after all this is over #B T Soutcast D4
pizza is cancelled. i just remembered we just had pizza the day before yesterday. maybe i’ll go for some in n out or something.
What if Tyler and Josh forgot about the hiatus and never came back
I DO NOT GET the argument that Trump really is a genius who’s just trolling the American public. Is that what you want? A president who masquerades as an overgrown child in order to play pranks on the American people?
Miss flirtaus better hurry up and let me know what’s going on before my break ends in five minutes
It's the perfect example of why I refuse to go back into debt to pay for something that you will ruin in order to satisfy your needs to feel like someone is beneath you
BARELY made the ferry to Edmonds.
My mama always has to be in control ... even when she has no idea what she's doing .
Wind 7.7 mph E. Barometer 1013.8 hPa, Rising slowly. Temperature 3.0 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 73%
it’s insane how many people actually wanna see you doing bad.
Virgina, Durban weather data 03:30 23.1C Max 23.9C Min 23.1C Feels Like 22.8C Wind 0.0 kph E Pressure 1009.9 Falling, Rain today 0,0mm
19:30 Temp: 53.6 F Chill: 52.4 F Wind:E 7.1 G 11.0 Hum: 70% Bar: 1021.90mb Steady|Rain: Today 0.00", Jan 0.00", 0.00" yr # g t x w x
Ok. So one to go tomorrow. So far so good. Came out on Facebook because I'm impatient as fuuuuuck Now for the in laws at lunch. The one least likely to go well
Wind 4 mph E. Barometer 1022.18 mb, Rising. Temperature 2.5 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 90%
I had really high hopes for Pikmin 4 and a Mario Party game but a man can dream
There is a list of goals for 2017, but i change plans so much i don't think its a good idea.
before nobody wanted me , now all da bitches startin to stick on me , can’t get em off me
Cold SMH ... I think sometimes ppl r opposite of theyre birth I'mma summerbby but I get migraines if I get overheated
Most of you are smart, but your not g. a. t. e.
I must stick with you forever
I37507 CLEARED: YONGE ST NB At SHEPPARD AVE E.
Used to go to Chuck e Cheese now it’s Brothers
I hate kpop when I was in grade 7 bcs u know just what otyer think of kpop, but when my classmates introduce EXO, I start to love them. Noooow? Im in grade 12 and yaaaaas I still love Exo Loooong roaaad.
I just deleted the wrong tweet bc of spelling so had to delete the other and now I can’t be bothered to retype both... no one cares but I thought I’d let u all know x
I dunno where to start. Mygahd
been running around all day, finna wait for the boys to get here and we gone watch movies
Why didn't Phil even attempt to get out of the hole? I'm confused. # e a s t e n d e r s
Wind 1,2 km/h E. Barometer 1025,2 mb, Rising slowly. Temperature 13,0 92�C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 99%
I fucking hate the cold Jesus
Ln i got asked to have a threesome lmao y’all wildin
Timberland Champagne for Nightwing? I'd rather DIE
Then again, you lose an hour every spring, so I guess the proverbs are right. Wow, they thought of everything.
Imagine having to tell people you’re from a place called Apopka, FL
Since forever ain’t forever, let’s just kick it ‘til whenever.
Brave-blade! Let's do this, You are finished! ...I dit it.
30$ MP3 leases all day hmu
"I could down a Vodka bottle in the blink of an eye right now. And I fucking hate Vodka."
ppl who r grown as shit still putting their boyfriends name in their bios??? im siiiiiiiiick
there's somthing about his m a n n e r s
i never should’ve started reading outcast i feel like i’ve become part of something evil b y e
My mother-in-law told me my ass is getting fat lmao
I h8 Sunday comps bc I need at least like 24 hours to recover from comp days and my mom forces me to go to school the next day so like.... do u see my dilemma
these lil girls out here will realy make u catch a case ... lil bitch next to me was bad asf i asked how old she was she said 15. i críed
I been chilling on some me shit
Ya pockets may be deep but you shallow as a puddle
Hopeless Fountain Kingdom is in my top 10 for last year. No. 3 push the rest down
CAN MIN YOONGI JUST GO TO JUNG HOSEOK'S HOUSE SECRETLY AND CONFIRM.
I want to get a bicicyle but I’m scared of these Miami drivers..
..she didnt say her man was mentally unstable while yall cheating now this nut at your job conjuring demons talking on a Xbox controller
e a mesma coisa com a simmons!!!!!! I'll tell fitz I see him
Anyone wanna keep my company tonight
To the titans you lose to the titans. Just put the Pats in the AFC championship game already.
I honestly thought that getting the rosca with Nutella filling was the best thing ever! I was wrong, I don’t recommend it. #Three Kings Day
The true test of a good platformer
eo 2u: back to prince shenanigans. adventuring team is himself, his two brothers, one of said brother's wife, and said enforcer. searching for ameno habakiri of H.L
And this bulls game is a joke...
family ain’t the same no more! i will stay out the way until August
love is patient, while hatred is not
You’d think I was planning to kill somebody by the shows I watch lmao.
I was gone for 5 mins. Bet there are 1000+ new messafes in the mars gc
money will never be a substitute for good taste
I love you more than words can say. # i l y
I’m at the “we’ll see” stage in my life. With everything and everyone. We will see.
Anne Amie Pinot Noir is on, replacing Old Soul Pinot Noir
since? since what? what did yoongi do
whaddup my name is kaite im 19 and i never fucking learned how to properly cope with minor inconveniences
Okay I’ve done a good job on Level 1-2... I’m already lightly punching my desk in frustration
My Son So Bad Like Ion Understand
Make effort to learn, and fully understand your ancestral languages. Familiarize yourself with its unique writing.
Let’s get it right this year and take Saquon Barkley.
William E Rae, editor in chief of Outdoor Life magazine in the fifties and sixties: An editor is a man who doesn’t know what he wants but recognizes it instantly.
I hate that feeling. The feeling when you're sad and you have no idea why, but you just are
i wish sleeping all day made me rich
Omar sterling is way better now lmao Medikal is definitely mad
My obsession is a little too crazy
“What’s up with all these little ass parking spots, my truck ain’t made for them, that’s why I park away” - Ian
seria pop team epic o rick e morty dos animes?
Bergy with the Texas hat trick #N H L Bruins
I really don’t like how I’m out of the house and am missing a Hallmark Movie
[TINY RITS: PICKED UP. Wraps he in a blanket. C u d d l e.]
being catfished by clothing you order online is the worst :/
i used to hate this town but i'll stay because you're here
“nigga you dooooo need help , but im not gone help you .”
My brother has to get better
ABSOLUTELY L O V E HOW GRONK IS AT THE GAME TONIGHT
ignoring people while my headphones are in but not playing anything is my favorite thing to do
My ghad it's the 3rd time Armys been making the wrong decision #B T Soutcast D4
So tempted to buy these damn tickets but no one is down to go
At the 24th Single Janken Senbatsu Tournament she reach the 3rd round after beating Takeuchi Mai of Team E then bowed out to Yamauchi Suzuran of Team 4. #Amina Fact
John Wall looks like last years All NBA John Wall tonight #N B Avote
wow dal is a w a k e .
Now if only our offense can do something here
CAN MIN YOONGI JUST GO SECRETLY TO JUNG HOSEOK'S HOUSE AND CONFIRM?
Uma tese é: 1% inspiration, 9% of doggish work and 90% suffering
watching the devilman crybaby, w e w
Lord please help the Falcons Offense score touchdowns
"""What comes after the letter T?"" Normal People: ""U"" Me: ""Wait, ... A, B, C, D, E, F, G..."
I work with some savages I might not hold my tongue tomorrow
i couldn’t change him so i changed da way i fwh... make it make sense
Gave My All To A Bitch How Stupid Of Me
I need get new smaller body jewelry for my tragus piercing with the quickness cuz this ish hurts so bad
Tried wall climbing today to fight my fear of heights. Almost made it to the top until I realized 1) how high I was and 2) holy crap, my legs are sore... #New Years Resolution
The Lightning totally came to play for the 2nd period!!
I feel like I'm using exclamation points more than I used to. Not sure what that means. I prefer periods.
Run for 8 yards on first down...pass pass punt. Tell Sean McVay to go back to Chuck E. Cheese
anyway, hadn't rped in a while. so that helped.
Jayson Tatum dunking on niggas looking like he got a panda on his back, ive seen Zbo jump higher
So far Hekker has been the MVP of this game. #A T Lvs L A R #N F L Playoffs
got a fucking migraine now I can't even do shit tonight
But what if it's really taehyung?
just as clueless as those that ask
I just want somebody by my side who looks at me the way Jay Z looked at Timbaland when he first played the “Dirt Off Your Shoulder Beat” #Gotta Have It
old friends! i give the effort i get! no hard feelings it was nice while it lasted
6 straight wins !! See you in London. # C e l t i c s
So I think my window is frozen cause it won’t open. And I wanna ask my stepfather to open it but I got mad clips in the windowsill.
I still go to text you like nothing's changed. It's been 11 months and 26 days since we've last spoken and I want nothing more but to hear your voice right now.
with his love, he will calm all your fears.
Follow me on Instagram at selenas_main
Atlanta Falcons Los Angeles Rams #NFL #Wild Card # P layoffs #A T Lvs L A R Who advances?
# s v en go o lie if the house e rockin, don't come knockin!
i be on ft with my honey when my hairs a mess no makeup and this guy calls me perfect
seriously though does namjoon have a wtaps sponsorship bc that's the only thing he's wearing since forever
NEW YURI ANIME THIS SEASON? 2018 SPRING IS OFF TO A GREAT START
I refuse to fully assimilate into American “culture.” Never forget your roots, and why the diaspora exists. For balance, we must keep and restore our ethnic traditions.
hey don't take a functioning human
game: YOU HAVE A MESSAGE FROM PARK JIMIN. DOWNLOAD or LEAVE? yoongi: DOWNLOAD game: DOWNLOADING 14% 69% 92% DOWNLOAD COMPLETE. OPEN? yoongi: OPEN PARK JIMIN: //!$end nud/e$!!! ;));))%//!! # b t sou t cast
When I take my hair down frm being up all day it looks like Goku’s.
welcome to the club, where the sad kids look good
i’m currently sat with my finger and thumb wrapped in paper towels that were soaked in ice cold water to prevent them blistering
I wanna watch The Greatest Showman so badly rip
I deadass can’t understand southern niggas they blow mine
was gonna tweet about how much i love my mutuals but i dont even have any hahahHHAHahahah aaa
“Uh… is there anywhere you want to check first?” Way to go, champ.
Really wanna go see Marco Antonio Solis in April...
I know Chris lying with his stank ass lmaoo Why did he just post a video of him on the Toilet taking a shit?! I can’t stand him
don't ppl realize that trump only seems crazier bc he can tweet 280 characters now
Mularkey continued: "Unlike MLK, Mariota can handle some shots." Disgusting.
I can ALWAYS depend on my momma
NO tHE sUn iS a dEadLY lAzEr
you always hurt the one you love the one you shouldn't hurt at all
The Rams just showed you that they have a fake punt on deck for later.
With that fucking said, I will still be using Twitter in particular, as a learning and teaching tool. And laughing my ass off at funny things But the way some of you behave is grossly troubling. Please check that before you get rocked. IRL Tysm
Well Presley’s party was a success! But MAN I am T. I. R. E. D.
O ROOKIE SAMBOU NA CARA DO GOFF!!! TAKKARIST MCKINLEY!!!!! SAAAAAAACK. E punt. #N F L Playoffs #N F Lna E S P N
Happy Happy Birthday to Eddie! To celebrate donate to the Eddie Redmayne Birthday fundraiser in support of Motor Neurone Disease Association. #eddie4 M N D
o live action da bela e a fera ficou tao bosta mas as musicas sao a+ THE STRUGGLE
Buying anything else but food and alcohol w ur student loan ??? Can’t personally relate x
This is such a strange way to save the world
Refs did the Nets dirty tonight
ok we had our cry for the day now we are unstoppable
I’ll talk about gfriend tomorrow I’m not emotionally ready today
Kinda want a new tattoo. Kinda wanna eat a whole pizza to myself. Kinda wanna dive head-first into a pool of wine. Shmoods.
RT AmericanExpress "ad0rechanel Connecting you with AskAmex to see if they can help look into this. ^E"
lrt never forget "GRASP T H E P OT AT O "
It’s no coincidence that my celebrity crush is a triple threat #The Greatest Showman is an awesome movie!!!!
But cant i needd to know the question before i go to sleep
Police with an eye infection; a real pigsty(e)
So basically, my appointment for my passport application is on march 28, i hope i can go to Korea before going back to school
This movie has been an adventure film, a war film, a period film drama, and then back to an adventure film. All while being absolutely beautiful. #Lost Cityof Z #Film Club
*driving to dinner* Will: “do you wanna turn up at Chuck e. Cheese after we eat?”
oh lord football on , bye twitter.
Lmao my plans always get ruined
SEWARD HIGHWAY: Advisory - January 6, 2018: All southbound lanes of Old Seward near E 73rd are closed while officer investigate a ve...
Bless brae for bringing me salad to work
My headaches be putting me in bad moods n shit
“If the world betray Super Junior, E.L.F. will betray the world, too.” #E L F Quotes
With my # ml a 18 session done, I made it to the # e lit reading at Babycastles!
"Passion is universal humanity. Without it religion, history, romance and art would be useless." Honor?e Balzac
At the library, I saw gravel-mouthed troubadour Thomas Charles Bone shuffling through the poetry books, eying a weathered copy of William Butterfield's Machine Sonnets. How excited the hip clans will be to hear this, I thought to myself, stretching my suspenders with my thumbs.
Slim S=luts L=ove I=nterfering M=oney Moe M=oney O=va E=verything
you know, i actually wanted to use french lyrics as my bio to look a e s t h e t i c.
I’m glad i ain’t go to the game Rayville beating tf outta E.A
8x09 is on tomorrow and I’m getting really anxious about it :/
Jon Snow é dos personagens mais overrated of all time
I swear they’d rather have my gf be their child instead they like her that much
the chronological timeline of Lev pre-game: prince of the core world's heart eo 3: wanderlust prince who is rejected by numerous guilds and falls for an enforcer eo v: reaper who starts regular adventuring to collect ameno habakiri from all regions for said enforcer. marries him
Zinke to discuss reorganization plan with staff next week Scott Streater, E&E Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke and his top administrators will detail their vision for reorganizing the Interior to senior-level staffers from across its bureaus at a planned meeting next week in DC.
We need a producer on the podcast I wanna talk
I enjoy looking at past DWTS contestant’s IG’s and seeing if they follow/are followed still by their pro partner. Ooooo draaaaama
＞＞I' M L E G E N D＜＜
Looks like she is on her way back to LA, I want her at the GG tomorrow
um let’s take a pause and a deep breath to remember that one of my followers sent me a fucking pineapple keychain !!!!!
At a certain age.... broke should no longer be an option. I hate muthafuckas with a million excuses!!!
I really use to sing Pretty Ricky’s freaky ass lyrics in 9th grade when I had NO business singing ‘em smh.
in the ethnostate there's this special chamber built for cwcsonichu, it's sort of like a zoo, but nicer
Whatever good game but you refs were H O R R I B L E
Nah I gave my dad a fag and said ‘’merry Christmas” he said “Christmas is dead, just like your relationship with your family” I am shook my dads a savage when intoxicated
This is the Yamanote Line train bound for Ueno and Ikebukuro. The next station is Kanda. The doors on the left side will open.
We're like fireworks and symphonies exploding in the sky. <3
Lmao my mom deadass just Calle e a fag for doing my eyebrows Tf mom
I don't want to go to work.
Jayson Tatum is only 19 years of age!
was watching news and saw a clip that kurt e. used a climate change equation .... wtf
don't act as if you care
Must stop swiping right just because they are holding a dog.
I have a 9am on Monday and I’ve been waking up at 5pm for the last 3 days idk how this is going to work
If anyone you’re with or spend time with makes you feel like everything you do isn’t good enough or make you feel negatively about yourself at all. Do not continue interacting with him or her.
never get the same love I give
Nancy Elizabeth Henley (Holderness) - Bletchley Park February 1942 - Spring 1946. Hut 14, Block E, Communications Centre. Cypher office.
if ur gas handle is on E how much longer can you go until you’re below E?
Junhee always looks great what else is new
Ion Trip Off Nothing.. Smoke A Gar On You Fuks
my parents love my gf so much where has all this affection come from who are you people
An interesting Google question: "Is Oscar Isaac?" Yes. Yes he is.
Crazy right...the Giants took Ereck Flowers over Todd Gurley.
But then this stress just makes me want to get drunk
I got my eyelashes done! So nice
Called my brother to tell him to tell our mom to grab me those cinnamon bagels from Vegas and he told me he doesn’t have time for that shit rn “I’m busy placing bets” OHOKAY IM THE ONE WITH PROBLEMS
Came home from a long day of work today to Michael surprising me with a bottle of wine and food. How fricken cute, eh
AmericanExpressad0rechanel Connecting you with AskAmex to see if they can help look into this. ^E
a Real nigga do 21 savage e tao catchy
# Chiefs WR Tyreek Hill was surprisingly upbeat after the loss. He told reporters, "Now I have to more time to choke my pregnant girlfriend". You gotta love this kid's attitude.
Either stacking or I'm rapping sumn gotta shake
I’m working on my dreams tonight
learning pieces of me through other people is my favorite
Sorry darlin’ if I’ve been a little gunshy
ad0rechanel Connecting you with AskAmex to see if they can help look into this. ^E
So wait "you're pretty to be a black girl" is a compliment these days? .......
End of the fucking world é muito boaaa
I get T R I G G E R D very easaly if you T R I G G E R me I will find you and I will kill you unless your BTS army tho
The turbotax commercial with the teddy bear is everything
So either Jin or Taehyung are the actual suspects...? #B T Soutcast D4
I’m so sleepy but it’s only 8:26
imagine if the roles were reversed and girls were the ones posting pics of their cars 24/7 on snap
I really want to go home!!
Acabei The End Of The Fucking World e to abaladissima
you belong with me and I belong with you
I think Celtics paid the refs
rated r e unapologetic albuns da carreira
Get 12 and 17 the ball
Tenho henessy tenho henessy 25 vidro de lean e henessy
Can we say that catching gurley is literally julios biggest catch of the year?
Zia used excuse of establishing #ISLAM to gain bogus votes in so-called referendum and PTI only qualification is to use slogan of Khatm-e-Nabout. I never vote Sharifs but this time I will vote Sharif to defeat ISI team, PTI agenda.
so much is changing in my life all at once.
Honestly I don’t even know what’s happening in sanrio danshi but shushu has hello kitty. He’s hello kitty boy. I love hello kitty. I love boy. Love.
Y'all have no idea how much I needed today
i should be doing hw, but i'm writing a cute, fluffy myungyeol fic where sungyeol hates libraries, but ends up falling for the cute guy with glasses, i.e. myungsoo, at the library.
The world will not be able to see your value, until YOU see your own value.
You Are The Reason // Calum Scott
i need a dose of happy pill
oh & i also asked the lyft driver to take me to juvenile’s house.
These are sadboi hours where we listen to sadboi music while being — you guessed it— a sadboi
Hoping LA wins, so when Carolina wins tomorrow, we get to go to Philly instead of Minnesota #N F L Wild Card Weekend
I could’ve been warm in my bed for all this
I’m the hot topic at my old and new job. It’s 2018 and niggas still gossiping like females
lmao nigga thats our girl now.
i need someone to take me out of the house
No Donald its not a book of lies, its your alternate truth coming back to bite you in th a**e.
i wish my mans wanted to go on dates with me
Post update - for the first time today I'm making some proper progress! I'm hopefully going to be posting it on Wednesday. Wish me luck
It wasn't that long ago when Boise St players would not dunk. They would end up being missed layups. Glad to see these guys throw em down w/authority.
The end of the f***ing world é mt ruim, puts
life goals: -be more positive -accept my own self -eat healthily -tell myself everyday that I am beautiful just the way I am
This little boy and his US Puzzle.
Lol there wasn’t a foul on that play at all?
Just woke up, btw good morning
My living room have wicked seating and view for #Team Shaggy4 Kids
Never be afraid to redo your verse. And never be afraid to tell someone they need to redo their verse.
i realized i actually am worth it
Now I got an extra week to get my shit together fr this time
Power Hungry Oppressors shouldn’t be fed but starved! Don’t give them that click! They want your attention (regardless if it’s positive or negative)! They know what they’re doing! hashtagthegreatmanipulator
Stressed af on a Saturday night. I'm about to just call it a night and go to bed. Fuck this.
has anyone else noticed that in the recent pic of fans meeting E, he doesn’t look too happy :(
a little part if me wishes that my anxiety didn’t stop me from playing sports
Bitch my guess is yoongi did seokjin dirty in the past (not necessarily on purpose) and now he's taking revenge #B T Soutcast D4
Outcast: yOU BLOCKED ME ON FACEBOOK AND NOW YOU'RE GOING TO D I E #B T Soutcast D4
watch him get 2 million likes in under an hour
"Waverly Earp, smiling at me from her front porch" OFFICER DIMPLES BACK AT IT AGAIN WITH MY FAVORITE LINE EVER
Hosoek and yoongi gotta fight but thEYRE FRIEND S JIMIN AND JUNGKOOK HAV E TOFIGHT BUT JIMIN WAS WORRIED ABOFUT JUNGKOOK IICJCJD
Y’all whores don’t wanna bet kause ik wat my roll tides gon do
four or five years ago i didn’t appreciate teen wolf but now watching it all over again i have a great love for it
And now who’s the fossil and who gets the girl? It’s all so clear
The album "R.E.O." (also called "C.O.W.") gives me some serious Eagles vibes. It's interesting to look at how Kevin Cronin's style changed over the years.
but must to be natural if it doesn't happen it's ok But it don't erase the fact that I want to hear it
A girl said she didn't like me because I tweet inappropriate things.. Well unfollow me then this is my out.. I vent here bitch.
Okay Tori wasn’t lying, Drew does kind of favor Bruno Mars .
a week from now I'll be at the IceRays game w all my friends :)
ngl kinda wish twitter had tweet categories like g+ has collections but w/e i just feel bad spamming yall w/ football shite :(
IXHSIBDISJS AFTER THIS GAME, I'M GONNA LOCK MYSELF IN A CLOSET, EATING A BAG OF GUMMY BEARS, AND THINKING WHY OUTCAST IS SUCHA BIG DEAL FOR ME #B T Soutcast D4
I'm officially taken as a fucking joke
Idk if I wanna straighten my hair or just do a hair mask
I'm just so fucking depressed I just can't seem to get out this slump If I could just get over this hump but I need something to pull me out this dump
Something keeps on waking me up .. I'm not sure if it's the heat or what .
Finished Atlanta and reaffirmed my unconditional love for Donald Glover (he is so fine) (I can’t believe we breathed the same air once)
Do you ever get in the feels for no reason? bc that’s me rn lol
[FEAR] WHATRE YOONGI AND HOSEOK GONNA DO
From my vast knowledge of the White House (from Scandal & Olivia Pope). I thought people aren’t allowed to have their personal phones in the White House. SO WHY ARE WE STILL BEING EXPOSED TO THE IGNORANT IMBECILE WE CALL A PRESIDENT’S TWEETS # stable genius
I've been naucious all day and nothing I take is helping
You can tell which Sara fans are fake and don't care about her outside of fucking white women based on how they react to Injustice 2.
T-tag me in any shunsuke thingies u see bls
E agreed to take the girls so I can go on a mini vacation at the end of the month
Nothing is beyond the reach of our Jesus. In Him, everything is certain. No matter what we've done. No matter what the enemy or the circumstances of our lives may say. Nothing is beyond the reach of Jesus.
Deleting all my social media, ducking tf off
I can’t even relate cuz I don’t borrow money from people..
#100 Days Of Code R3D17-18: I've been reviewing some PHP & MySQL code from the previous course projects, letting it all soak in.
OH GOD I HAVE TO GET OFF MY FAVOR
My parents are making sausage rolls for an office party. Dad: where are my sesame seeds? Mom: why? You don't need them. Dad: They get me high! Mom: THOSE ARE POPPY SEEDS
Iran is fighting Islamic oppression while Crime Minister Trudeau is importing and supporting it!!!WHY?????WHO KNOW TE TRUTH!!???GOD!!!LILYANA POWER!!!WWW.LILYANA,COM
need to make myself a lip scrub cause this cold really is doing some serious damage
I be minding the fuck outta April business omg
I could use a love song
Takotsubo. Never again fuck that shit
For the first time ever i actually made it home from the bar with my credit card and ID
if y'all had to fuck a runaways parent who would it be? honestly fr I'd go for robert and tina , at the same time n e ways
I'm coming home from Mexico without any new piercings or tattoos someone give me a medal
Imma happy kid if you give me a plate of pasta
Guyyssss pls read # b t sou t cast I am shooketh
creator: how do i get revenge on yoongi creator: i know creator: let's all b e a t t h e s h i t o u t o f e a c h o t h e r #B T Soutcast D4
King St E in Oshawa between Harmony Rd S and Melrose St is currently closed for a Motor Vehicle Investigation.
Cannot believe I need to go back to work on Monday how have I been off for sixteen days already why isn't it Christmas anymore why do a have £90 to last til the 31st why am I alive
Montado en la yeti . Mission 6pack of beer
the good place, b99, one day at a time, dirk gently's, atypical e outras q eu ainda vou começar
Tahj is such a cuddle bug omg. Sometimes I wanna push him off me lhh
Chuck E Cheese was so crowded
I hope you find someone who’ll steal your heart away, like Killua !!
Soo... I guess the game isn’t airing everywhere
I swear I never walk in target without buying shit
After long consideration and debate. My answer is decidedly. Y. e. S. But can we like not botch this up.
I think "unknown" might be Seokjin...
It's after 2am, I just finished my term paper and I feel so relieved. Needed two fucking weeks aka the whole Christmas holidays for writing for those 15 pages. Now off to revising for the exams which are in 4 weeks... # fun fun fun
Dunno how people can go out the first weekend in Jan I’m still exhausted from Xmas
jgh fr church b l e s s e d
How tf was that a compliment
I37508 CLEARED: SHEPPARD AVE E WB At YONGE ST.
Self control is needed for all men. Hope that don't go over y'all niggas head
I'm so lazy to get ready
People will come up with the wildest excuses to not pay you back money they owe lol..
If you look for the good in people, you’ll find it.
Trying to figure out how I brought all my clothes home, bc I can’t figure out how to bring them all back
Ok I’m officially a buyer that this is the bruins year to grow into a dynasty. Endless amounts of young talent, vets like Chara and Backes playing as if its their prime, and the expected stars Bergeron and Marchand playing to their full potential #N H L Bruins # road to the cup
spoke too soon. brother’s home now. lol. oh well. at least i have someone to share my giant calzone with.
Wow I wouldve thought that was a foul. But I’m not a ref
i buy too much chop chop
Told myself I wasn't watching any playoff football since my team broke my heart. Yet here I am watching wildcard weekend feeling sorry for myself bc I'm a Ravens fan.
-like I'm craving it rn and that's the problem wE DON'T HAVE IT but the best thing is WE DON'T HAVE TO GO TO TACO BELL IF I WANT THEIR TACO PIZZA I CAN JUST HAVE A FROZEN ONE LMAO L I F E H A C K S
Y’all females be sayin I’m fine or w/e but none ya... nvm
comecei a assistir the end of the fuking world e to achando uma merda
Drug game really out here killing the music game yanoe omg... clowns.
I wish people actually cared about others.
They ain’t giving it to us we muscle’n
Down on farm Why are Democrats attaching Pres Trump personally? Is it because everything he is touching turning to gold. Stock market, Business enthusiasts. Lowest unemployment recent memory,less regulation, tax cuts , list keeps getting bigger
I'm jealous of the amount of stuffed animals Seb just got
Ya girl is about to watch Falsettos in hopes that a musical will ignite my Riley muse
Was eating a lollipop that started off as Mickey Mouse and ended up as Shrek, representing my looks as I grew up
Wondering how much does it cost us money, there's a huge price tag attached too.
Crying. Dinwiddie got fouled so many times
Who is that chick with the red sweater, black skirt and cross necklace?
Bagley Bagley Bagley # Champion ship D U K E
*s t a r e s at
If I told anybody how many times I have almost crashed my car from looking at some sort of animal or plant, my license would be taken away iiimmediately.
Need to go to the islands
I love feeling like I'm not good enough.
Pacers without Oladipo is what people thought the Pacers would look like without Paul but with Vic and Sabonis.
Spent some of my Saturday night composing a new gym playlist I'd like to call "GIRL, you better RUN".
Those exaggerated stories...... smh! Stop it! I hear everything and I’m not responding! I’m not reacting to every action, not in #2018
I wish I could write about everything I feel but the depressive side always goes over my emotions
Ciara is just as ridiculous as JWB was. I get it. This show needs characters that can get things MOVING (like Janine would) but...yikes. # e a s t e n d e r s
I find it really hard to enjoy things because of the cruel things happening. It truly breaks my heart.
hisses our flight is d e l a y e d
‘Face like a bag of spanners’
She Hell still my nigga tho
And just in case you are remedial. g. a. t. e. Students.
i find it cute when Hoseok says “world business” in micdrop likestFU H O S E OKK YOU FUDICKCKDN BIAS WRECKE RILYSM
I’ll have a 1 year old on February 10th!
Okay I'm gonna try to finally draw before my break is over to feel some e sort of accomplishment, let's hope everything goes well!
Take one breath take two, the other side of you is on the loose
Golden chick has the best fries man
Being a pescatarian got me feeling boujee
Being peer pressured to go out tonight. Not feeling it, it’s too cold. Looking more like a Chinese take out and movie on my couch type of night.
GT on a 12-2 run so expect a three point barrage from Yale now to reel it back in
Now there is G.O.D.E.N C.H.I.L.D Eventhough those L is missing buts its not perfect with L Its gonna be G.O.L.D.E.N C.H.I.L.D
. What does BIBLE stand for ? B - Basic I - Instructions B - Before L - Leaving E - Earth -- Retweet if you Agree -- .
porque eupassei tanto tempo sem ouvir the1975 e the neighbourhood
Smash 3DS was a $40 demo for Smash Wii U
/be back my nan made hot chocolate
She and I didn't watch The Last Jedi eight times as planned, but I'm glad to have seen it with her. # grateful
We'll that was insulting. ... How rude?
Tonights mood is: bordering on a panic attack because of the fear of global warming
nigerians for the win once again
2018 is shaping up to be a year of expressiveness. Some might be put off, but I've never felt more free and I like it.
Chinese / Netflix & chill .... someone has me figured out
HOW WAS THERE NO CALL THERE
You’re either in or you’re in the way.
kinda want to talk kinda everyone annoys me
Let's go ATL let's get this W
just kidding i'm a broke whore that has to save my money for my film program this summer :)))))
To all the ARMYs reading #B T Soutcast D4 instead of doing homework (including myself) ITS OKAY IF THE JOB GETS DONE ENJOY YOURSELF FOR THESE 2 HRS. PIED PIPER 2 IS GOING TO BE SPECIFICALLY AIMED AT US THOUGH SO C H O O S E WISELY
Recently I‘m actually kinda thinking about maybe not dying soon wow maybe I‘ll find a will to live y’all
I want some pretty hoop earrings
Weather advisory ends for Toronto as flurries taper off
I've been staring at my passport for like 30 mins now.
You don’t stick with someone because you want it to work, you stick with someone because it is working
I lie to myself more than I lie others
I blame my family for being so secretive ... it grows on you
#Now Playing I'll Fly Away - Hezekiah Walker & The Love Fellowship Crusade Choir on # e g i m radio
i'm spending my sunday morning with eating chips. this is unhealthy.
I just know it's not the way to go
Getting tired of tumblr but then i realized that TODAY is the day that everyone gets fucked up.
Yo jake just said I looked oxyd out when I was younger and I can't deal right now bc that's what I am half the time now
It's fortunate when Super Heroes step in wherever the political leadership fails.
Even tho the pill big af and I almost choked and my eye twitched.
Time to fire Andy Ried...sitting on a lead up 21 to 3 with 2 quarters to go dont work. After the turnover on kick kc recovered not one shot to the end zone...i knew as a chiefs fan game over
RAMS ARE 30TH IN RUSH DEFENSE. Sark: three straight passes.
Can' wait to finish all of this!:)
I got hit by a deer...
G.L.E I’ll do it by myself if I have too.
Can't believe I'm here hoping to see Baekhyun in my dreams while a lucky someone out there will actually wake up to Baekhyun next to them.
The end of the fucking world c’est de la frappe
Kinda wanna watch the game somewhere
Do I REALLY want to go to a party tonight, though???
If you are a g. a. t. e. Student they will do the same to you.
I still don’t know wtf I’m wearing
My mom is the biggest Ram fan on the planet ima have to take a steal chair to her head she’s clapping at 4 yard returns
New York, because they were just got back and especially young woman during the only excuse not otherwise read omnivorously,
Can we not with all these wedding ads on my social media i am not ready PLEA S E DON T PRESS U R E M E I AM BAREL Y AN A D UL T
the end of the fucking world
Rams front four could be a problem
General Zia ul Haq is gone but his legacy of using Islam to RULE is assumed by PTI Khatm-e-Naboout slogan in 99% #ISLAMICSTATE
There’s a Troy Hill on the Rams. How cool would it be if he were from Troy Hill? This is how my brain works. Send help.
ouvindo the head and the heart e me sentindo novamente em 2014
The end of the fucking world é muito foda
Is our OC drunk....all pass plays back up inside the 10yard line....bet...where the hell my wine at!!!
How ppl are in and out of new relationships all the time is so beyond me having feelings all the time is the most exhausting thing I would only go through this for one person
THE TWO OF US TOGETHER GITLD CAN YOU PUICTURE GHIS
MY DUE DATE IS A MONTH FROM TODAY!!!!!
my brain stopped two hours ago
# junior bake off b r as i l Sarah, Thiago, Romeo, Arthur e Noah
Don’t ever take me to The Juicy Crab for a date. They good asf but you gone see me turn to a WHOLE savage that day idc idc.
no broken hearts e a musica do milenio
Can I get turnover and/or sack defense?
In all realness, can Justin nut in my mouth
I’ve been avoiding putting gas in my car for a week now. My car has been sitting in the drive way on E and my friends have been driving me around lol.
yoongi did make hoseok feel lonely :(
I do not like mixy shit
That tweet was dumb. There’s a whole mini pic of the car and the license plate number. Like cmon now.
THE CREATOR DOESN'T USE HONORIFICS WITH YOONGI WHICH MEAN HE'S OLDER THAN YOONGI WHICH MEANS HE'S JIN #B T Soutcast D4
Low key I'm addicted to the game smfh
I hope everyone has had a wonderful day today...
Here without you // 3 Doors Down
Fiesta Spa Cancun: W e get invited to a bevy of spas throughout the year, and those invitations are not taken for granted. Some spas are…
I am the most beautiful person in the world -Josh Lilley
WHEN YOU LOOK INTO YOUR FUTURE WHO'S THERE STANDING WITH YOOOOOOOOU WHEN YOU CLOSE YOUR EYYEEEEES
Now playing L.A.N.C.E. by JUNE'S DIARY!
Y’all know A&E’s tv show Intervention’s neeest season is in ATL? Man I hate this shit. But how can you protect your family and community without learning about the issues ?
here’s my daily I love jongin tweet
Never understood simultaneously complaining about student loans whilst spending it on luxuries or laziness i.e. takeaways
So like is wingstop open or no? Ever time I've called nobody picks up but I see ppl eating wingstop what's going on
I am shocked, I tell you. SHOCKED.
Genius idea: Next time a medical professional tries to pregnancy fat shame me, I’ll troll them by saying I don’t eat vegetables during pregnancy because of the E. coli risk.
Mannn My Heart Aches , Back to Back , why does all the Bruhz keep passing away in Crashes
Boom boom boom boom I want you in my room
The Marcus Mariota touchdown pass from himself to himself was one of the most improbable and incredible football plays I have ever seen.
take me back to the days of YouTube when Ray WJ was top subbed...
the one screaming is my last living braincell,,, i loved you all,,, bye.
THE REAL NIGERIANS WITH NIGERIA BIRTH NEED SOME THING TO BENRFIT FROM STATE AND FEDERAL GOVERNMENT.WHAT DYING FOR IF NO SOCIAL FUNDS e.g 5k
Miss me with all of that...
nobody does shit for you unless it benefits them.
Yeah I hear footsteps coming down the stairs my son will be like mama I'm hungry LMBO... He's always hungry... My Bigguy...
Ion have no friends I be chillin
Love-level? My personal love level is now: Ki 94,81 % P 86,83 % A 91,80 % J -500,77 % Ka -1578 % M 86,68 % E -14086 % S 78,79 % Others 92 % # name k i mm o
This paper is stupid I hate epigenetics
Wish I had my nephew in Birmingham so I could’ve took him to Monster truck jam
I don’t think josh knows what to do am just sat here like absolutely besides myself thinking about this true story and all the people.
She ain’t even have this her son did lmao why she still stuck on me
Ready to get back to uni now. Determined to make sure this term is better than the last. Need to learn to help myself.
3-3 classmate. He has a weak heart that kept him from attending school regularly, as is usually seen sitting at the sidelines during P.E.. He eventually dies from a heart attack, making him one of the "Deaths of June".[9]
Tell me why I’m watching a documentary on drug cartels and Chuck E. Cheese is brought up.
How about you keep my name out of your mouth. Especially if you’re a grown ass adult.
You putting up a wall. You ain’t pick up my call, I still be there regardless. No, i dont understabd. You never let me in, i know you ain’t heartless
So many people just want to cope rather than progress. Coping feels good, progression is uncomfortable.
sometimes all that you really need is what is sitting right in front of you
#Sunday School 2 lessons today: God killed a dude for #Pulling Out God commanded[#191] that you not eat #Mortally Wounded animals; i.e., hunted animals
-poke Shizuo- "Why you're so strong Shizu-nii?"
Avg Wind:18kts, Gust:29kts, Wind Dir:91 °(E), Gust Dir:50 °(NE), Water Temp:7.2 °C at 07/01/2018 01:18:00
Avg Wind:16kts, Gust:21kts, Wave Height:0.9m, Wind Dir:86 °(E), Gust Dir:105 °(E), Water Temp:9.4 °C at 07/01/2018 01:18:00
you don’t know betrayal till you rip curdled milk into your tea, dump it in your sink then burn your fingers on the teabag you fish out the sink to bin
Avg Wind:27kts, Gust:33kts, Wind Dir:84 °(E), Gust Dir:72 °(E) at 07/01/2018 01:20:00
I like a man with a slow hand.
“The goal is to be the type of mom that would throw down at a Chuck E. Cheese for my kids”
I thought mans was like....25....he acts like he’s 25 I’m shook
And you brag about how no one can take your man , but even yo bestfriend done fucked him
SO THE PARTNER NOW WANTS REVENGE BC HE SUFFER ALL THIS TIME ALONE IDK
I can’t!!! Aaron Donald my lawd!!
Wade Phillips Kno how to stop this offense
Sarah, Thales e Thiago... mini mores #Junior Bake Off Brasil
You know whenever you hear someone has taken their own life, does anyone else think; “damn, that may not have happened if I were in their life more...” ? is that just self centred, or arguably survivor’s guilt?
You know the deal defense: help us out
Favs continuam: Sarah, Thiago e Thales #Junior Bake Off Brasil
The path to wisdom is paved with humility. - Tim Fargo # quote
Alice Miller further writes ... in those cases where the victim did not turn into a victimizer, there was some figure that had shown the child affection, the person I call the helping witness.
Children with helping witnesses to turn to were able to gain awareness of the evil that had been done to them while at the same time identifying with the person who had shown them kindness..."
Alice Miller, a Swiss psychologist and psychoanalyst of Polish-Jewish origin states: "... I established that in those cases where the victim did not turn into a victimizer, there was invariably some figure that had shown the child affection, the person I call the helping witness.
tfw you manage to resurrect Spencer in the minds of many
Tatum let’s fucking go and he only 19 smh this is crazy
Gotta love when hanging out with your husband means both of u being on your phones while trying to watch a show *rolls eyes*
Tonight was one of the best nights I’ve had in such a long time.
Guess it's time to put this pepperoni extra cheese in the oven though...
Decades ago my thoughts matter e.d. NASA prop a gan da
LET'S GO FALCONS # F al cons #In Brotherhood #Rise Up
E grade in Hopeful Warrior[MEGA]. Score 0442469 # D y n a mix
if Falcons O Line doesn't figure that out soon that will be a problem FAST
Herh! If you dey chop fufu morrow aa link up...I make like light soup ridee e no funny saf!
“I’m not ready for a relationship right now” same people two weeks later ... married, 6 kids, white fence.... divorce.. repeat
don’t make me choo,,s e plZ
sat on his face & he wanted more p got that come back
I’m so phake I didn’t know harry was 23 srctvhhjj
One day I’m adventurous the next i don’t wanna hang out w/ no one lol
Last time I went out, I was breaking necks. it was just the boost of confidence I needed. Lmao. Need that again
I just ate the most bombest churro in my life N O H Y P E
Me Dimi and TCM need 1 for GBs
lmao pnbrock was in the back in cams pic
In the mood for beans and cheese on toast
Man today sucks. I cannot wait for it to be over.
ARE THEY GONNA FIGHT IRL ARE WE GONNA SEE FISTS BEING THROWN
Was A Good Time Really Boring To Ya ?
" #Muhammad Ali Behind this great man was a man even greater
Am fed up a travelling about 300000 hours n am still no at ma gaff man fuckin sittin in a bus like a mink
frustration on my mind, so im usually high
Be yourself. People don't have to like you and you don't have to care.
Falcons game is making me anxious already. Ugh
Let’s go Jason Tatum let’s go Celtics
I didn’t want to jinx anything before the Titans game (yes I’m that superstitious), but my picks to win the remaining wildcard games are the Rams, Jags, and Saints
I really want to express myself, but I'm so use to bottling up the pain
can’t stand when people don’t watch their kids & they get into everything
Breaking Benjamin has outdone themselves again with Red Cold River, sounds like the old days.
Thought I'd let you all know that's impossible and now I have an excuse to quit after 2 weeks
The Italian Republic is one of my favorite restaurants
If you aint learned how to control your alcohol by our age maybe you should put the fucking bottle down. Miss me with that bullshittttt
If you think you're lonely now.... Wait until tonight girl...
Give ya something you never knew you missed
I really enjoy watching Tatum way too much yo
How deep is your love by Kyla
Time to do a lot different and eliminate a lot of ppl who not really for me
I haven’t been living in Tallahassee for even 2 hours yet and I already got pulled over :/
um it’s weird to think that 10 years from now I might be in a serious relationship, to-be-wed, or married since you know it’s common here to be at least close to marriage by the time you’re 30
Just got done editing Ask Haze #4
Two figures who refer to themselves as geniuses: 45 & Wile E Coyote. One is a cartoonish oaf. The other is a coyote.
I need some friends yoo like frfrfr
i’ve been mad at myself bc I haven’t been going to the gym since christmas but i’m sick and losing weight from coughing and barely being able to eat food TALENT WINS!!!
FUCK ME THE DEADHEAD CHEMISTRY BLOTTER GOT RIGHT ON TOP OF ME GOT ME SEEIN E-MOTHERFUCKING-T
Took a nap before work and I denno what happened in the first part but like near the end I dreamt I drove my car but I turned to fast or w.e so my car flipped over. I woke up afterwards.
Talking to myself like every night, You could try to be a Better Guy...
my car was on E and i put 8$ and it went go half
So, too, is Death possessed of infinite strategies and a gaunt nature- but also mercy, also grace and tenderness. In his own country, Death can be kind.
I wanna get a room but i don’t have a man.
YALL BEFORE YOU VOTE !!!!!!!!!! WE NE E D TO THINK THIS THROUGH
Y’all are still together TO THIS DAY and since then he’s messed around with several other people (without using protection)
Talking big shit but let's see if you can back it up tonight
THE SLENDERMAN TRAILER LOOKS AMAZING FUCK YES
Is your life ever such a joke that you can’t help but laugh as shit is goin down
I've been buying movies after movie lately... I always been a movie girl...
I like Tennessee but they ain't giving no smoke to no other AFC team in the playoffs
amazing!!!! I ' m b e in g f u c k e d w i t h iran ? w o w !
Herb said you need some weed so you a be on point before somebody punch you in the head
I just wish I wasn't me
sometimes we just want someone to ask us to stay more 5 damn minutes
The killer is Holly oh my god # b t sou t cast
Stop looking for reasons to be unhappy. Focus on the things you do have, and the reasons you should be happy.
Can’t wait to go home and watch chopped while stuffing my face with ritz crackers
#B T Soutcast D4 today will be the end of all us. we messed up. again.
you’re always back and forth like a clock on the wall
National Anthem by Lana has the best fuckin music video. Who’s a better Jackie/JFK than Lana and ASAP Rocky?????
I love that Justin’s first post of 2018 was his new tattoo, 7 days in and this year is already the best
This bk boston game been close all game
You don't lose friends, you just learn who your real friends are.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
I think i found a new shot on bo3 lmao
Make out like it never happened and that we were nothing
I'm going to have a huge collection of Teletubby stuff in my home for sure. I don't really even like the show, just the teletubbies.
That’s why I love the weekends
Who has watched Turn on Netflix; is it good? I just finished The Crown (loved it) and am looking for a new series.
All parts of Jaden Smith’s song B L U E is a fucking masterpiece and I really regret sleeping on SYRE until now. That shits fucken crazy
(Wave) SWELL: 5.3 ft at 17.4 s W / WIND WAVE: 2.3 ft at 5.0 s E / WVHT: 5.9 ft / APD: 6.3 s / MWD: 271° / 3:00p HST
anyways since he's in a jet is he flying back to LA
Harrisonville JV wrestlers had a good day at the Kearney JV Tour with Dakota Triplett and Kiegan Rowe finishing in 1st, and Miles Jennings taking 2nd.
Nooo you’re really such a bitch Yuriko...
THERE IS A HORSE BY THE OLD ROAD IN STEVENSON RANCH BY CHUCK E CHEESE JUST LITERALLY HANGING OUT
【NEWS WAVE】AxisTelevision (ATV) still remains confident in long-term prospects, noting entire viewing rate continues to rise.
What’s up with players slipping #A T Lvs L A R
I just drank one sip of champagne... and I‘m dizzy... wha t
Of course Aaron Donald is right there causing havoc
Tripping off these crazy movies like really...
CMLL has the talent to provide quality like this every week but they also have the lack of talent to make sure we don't get this every week. I.e. All the shitty wrestlers were nowhere near Arena Mexico today. Let's hope they find the right balance in 2018.
ANIMAL RESCUE, 22794 E CLIFF DR ,LIVE OAK (1/6/2018 17:18:32 )
I feel like a piece of shit. FUN
They literally paid me to sit today. I ain’t do shit all 12 hours.
Hazard Don Valley Parkway N & Dundas St E [HP] 01/06 20:07 #Old_Toronto
When I think of being in the g.a.t.e. program
(Wave) SWELL: 0.3 ft at 12.9 s SSW / WIND WAVE: 5.6 ft at 6.7 s E / WVHT: 5.6 ft / APD: 4.8 s / MWD: 85° / 6:40p CST
(Wave) SWELL: 0.3 ft at 6.2 s E / WIND WAVE: 1.6 ft at 3.4 s E / WVHT: 1.6 ft / APD: 3.5 s / MWD: 79° / 7:00p CST
i’m the bad bitch that all the bad bitches fuck with
dear stomach, you're bored, not hungry so shut upp!
SO MANY HIGH PLACED INDIVIDUALS IN THE NIGERIA GOVERNMENT ARE BEHIND THE SATANIC SUCCESS OF BOKO HARAM & FULANI HERDSMEN!!!
seeing my baby brother cry makes me so sad hes such an angel
Biennale to hyperstition is an obstacle to th e exposed.
185 more days. i can do this.
Pulse fal`Cie. My `angle`. I`m after the fal`Cie.
What is your favourite suggestive emoji? Mine is
But you didn't have to cut me off
I'm def onboarding and taking off this year. Plus it's my last year in school and I need to open up, get more involved and just DO MORE PERIOD
Donald is ALREADY bringing the pressure
Please to not smoke in this train.
So this is how the snow keeps you in and cuddled up.... Yes like bigg babies....
if I were in charge of this hospital, I would want Mariachi playing on the speakers everywhere. This place needs to have a good vibe
fever stay away hell ur annoying
I would like everyone e to know that it’s currently 9 degrees and my bus is 2 hours late and if it wasn’t for this nice man letting us use the bus for shelter we would be in the cold still waiting
I got problems with commitment baby
My GolCha album will arrive this month at first I am hoping to have Youngtaek Daeyeol or Jibeom PC but now I want Jaeseoks
Deep in these streets x kodak
They put all the bring it ons back on Netflix I’m hype
i have to sleep let me know if its the chainsmokers and remember who called the shots first: me
I'm gonna hit her with that Legend of Spyro ost, gonna make that womanhood t r e m b l e
Can’t wait to have a chilled day off tomorrow
I think I'm gonna delete my shane insta judt bc i don't use it.
The Pats will play either the Titans or the Bills, i.e. barring an act of god, they will host the AFC championship game. #N F L Playoffs
I really wanted to go to the movies tonight
omg he’s making me dinner. earlier today, he gave me really thick socks. he’s the best.
We're born alone, we'll live alone , we'll die alone.
Everyone gets a present on my birthday
Matt Ryan look like the type of dude that drinks water with both hands
I have loved u for many years. Maybe, I’m not just enough
Two things on the genius. 1) Wile E. Coyote also declared himself a genius. 2) autocorrect spared the ignominy of the j he spelt it with
Allison really told me to watch this scary movie knowing I HATE scary movies
“But the Lord stood by me and strengthened me, so that through me the message might be fully proclaimed and all the Gentiles might hear it. So I was rescued from the lion's mouth.” 2 Timothy 4:17
I wasn’t too sure about the inclusion of Shaun Marsh at the start of the A s h e s series but I guess that’s why I’m not a selector # A s h e s 2017 #A U Sv E N G
I HA T E H E R
My last birthday was ruined but this one..... oh lawd that’s about to be the best day of my life. Putting it out in the universe now !
yeah sex is cool but have you ever laid on the beach and listened to Bruno Mars’ 24K Magic album from start to finish
but like realistically how can you not like that 70s show???
I feel sick to my stomach everytime special teams out there
I see a lot folks want the Falcons to lose we gone show Yal who the reigning NFC champs are though #In Brotherhood #Rise Up
And He's Darkskinned, Bearded, & Was Dressed All Conservative Like Yesss I Need Some Chocolate In My Life .
WE SHOULD'E UNSYNCED BUT YALL WANTED IT HSHSHSH U NOW THIS GUY SAW YOONGI'S BULLSHIT STRATEGIES N JM AND JK DIED
You can’t get any Virginia Black in this city
I was ignoring it becuz of all the laughter at the moment but Sheesh...
I lowkey wanna go to BAD Bingo tonight
so much good music coming out soon, can’t wait
It's more than what my testicles can generate and it's a pleasure as if I'm ejaculating my organs out.
This happened way back in 2016 when y’all first got together and he never tood you
Fuckkkk how you not know your baby daddy
BLUSHING LAW I'M D E AD
well...just found out my girl is an e hoe... it's official
remember when #Mc Donalds has pizza?? I LOVED IT!!!
my timeline right now >>> everyone's back from the dead
Calling all neurotypicals who don't listen to autistic people 'person with rudeness' since they love PFL so much
Nothing worse than a bad bitch with bad hygiene
It's been 5 years! I can't wait for Philippines in March/April
ISS pass: magnitude -0.8, 04:58:23–04:59:13 from E to E, maximum altitude 17° at 04:58:23 in E. Weather: Clear.
NHS England ambulance services were under strain even before this winter. Delaying ambulances longer because there is no space at A&E is now costing more lives.
I knew the hot tub was a good idea
it surprises me that this aptop of mine is decently fast
Em fighting for her music rights is so funny she has lost all respect
It was beautiful. I don’t think I’ll ever find love
“Tell me why ain’t nothing but a heartbreak. Tell me why ain’t nothing but a mistake.”
my asshole i need spicy H E L L holy ass i am ass man and ass
Horizon Zero Dawn all night dnd
Special teams really matter y’all see that punt lmao
Prototypical "Missouri" day. Beating Florida by 12, lose on ridiculous steal in last second. KC Chiefs lose in playoffs and former Missouri team Rams will probably kick Atlanta's ass.
Issues x PnB Rock a legit vibe
HOW THIS TURN INTO THE HUNGER GAMES SUDDENLY
I'm glad to be serving Heavy Weapons Guy's hunger #Sandvich Bot
I really did something crazy to my wrist but who has time to be sitting in the E.R.? It's cold in New York.
So it's even more cold than it was the last few days... All I know is I am cold...
Literally my family is sitting here discussing how aggressively i say ‘fuck’.
"It is never safe to look into the future with eyes of fear." E.H. (Edward Henry) # future #Think B I G Sunday With Marsha # life # growth
I probably sprained my fucking hand and got burns from sliding down the fucking stairs and a fucking bruise on my leg on the part that I sit on. FUCK
AFTER CRYING WITH MARIA’s SNAPCHAT IMMA GET M Y C H I P O T L E
I was just switching out my things to a smaller purse for tonight and I found a $20 in the small purse lol
I think my mom secretly writes the overly peppy motivations on halls wrappers
I'm feeling e m o t i o n s
Data: Perhaps there was an unexpected interaction between the solar radiation and the metaphasic shield? Ferengi scientist: NO, THAT'S NOT POSSIBLE. Me: can i di e
Jared Goff and Ryan Gosling look exactly alike
if I had one more try ? I’ll be in the NBA right now ...
Mental health experts for over a year: Donald Trump is unstable and shows all the symptoms associated with malignant narcissism and some symptoms of cognitive deterioration (I.e., dementia) Donald Trump, literally: I am very stable and like, really smart Republicans: Oh phew
I just fell down the fucking stairs at fucking 1:30 am with a tower of dirty fucking dishes and my sis came down to help me and treated my wounds but left immediately when it came to clean up the fucking shards.
Then Mucinex commercials do NOT be lying. That shit works almost immediately. Iconic.
My dad and sister came back home from the PI, and all they had for me to eat was a 1/3 of a Jollibee burger. That isn't fair.....
You claim nobody cares, i cant tell if you just save your mind for someone else
1 per fort con me swally e aizyloide
I just wish my brain actively works like this for our upcoming exams
Some people have the ability to make you behave in the worst way you could imagine
a voice that, at the sound of it, chills you to the bone; and suddenly, you fall sick
I don’t trust people who would rather i go to a busy bar with them instead of my perfect idea of a secret speakeasy.
Party tonight in Oxford at 10. Be there or be ■
46362: YOU HAVE A MESSAGE FROM SEOKJIN. DOWNLOAD? yoongi: DOWNLOAD 46362: DOWNLOADING 14% 69% 92% DOWNLOAD COMPLETE. OPEN? yoongi: OPEN SEOKJIN: //!$end nud/e$!!! ;));))%//!!))(/) # b t s o u t c a s t d 4
he just. hold it there for 20 seconds. i feel u man
I prefer 10 red toes, than 10 white toes
I cannot sleep because my cats keep screaming, getting stuck in the furniture, running around and jumping on me. Im so tired please let me s l e e p you literal spawns of hell I will put you DOWN
2018 we eating good and healthy while supporting POC owned small businesses
Day 7 Still I don't know what to do Lord
w/e my coworkers are my true friends for bringing wine and siopao asado to work
i’m telling you guys RiGhT now that it’s k i m s e o k j i n #B T Soutcast D4
the black eyeshadow in the Dare To Create palette, is SO FUCKEN PIGMENTED
i was trying to eat a fuckin apple but every time there's an update I choke on it so i had to stop #btsoutcast D4
I’m blowed my phone on 1% I don’t got my other phone and it’s only 1 charger In the car now we gotta play survival
I just got called ladybug I fuckin dig it
I want a taco, pizza and fish .
#B T Soutcast D4 there's no way he is not kim seokjin. Its definitely HIM IM TELLING YALL
you searched the world for something else to make you feel like what we had.
I’m trying my best not to croak
Okay i see you pass rush....i see you!
100k+ likes 5hrs lo midnight vadilithe e range racha #Agnyaathavaasi Trailer
and then i met you, i wanted to love you so bad but i dont know if i will let myself
cause even if we change we'll always be the same
I want to take oomf on a date, but I doubt she'd be interested.
I'm so hungry at work that i had to steal my manager's salami and let me tell you god is punishing me for every bite those were truly awful
Good D punt us the ball!
She wants to do chuck E cheese this year
I REALLY dislike Missouri and all their teams within.
First Rams playoff game at the LA Memorial Coliseum since January 7, 1979. (Cowboys defeated Rams 28-0 in NFC Championship)
Imposible. I M P O S I B L E.
I need more associates for things like spring break in Miami, otherwise I'm going to be taking right many trips alone
Can I block Mac DeMarco on Spotify????????? I’m tired of hearing his stupid voice
Don't let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it E. Nightingale
I really don’t like u niggas lol. All bitch made
Almost off then I get to enjoy a mini vaca but of course a day off never really a day off
trying to replace me will only hurt yourself
I don’t know why I check my phone if I have nobody to text
I just realized I’m actually not a bad texter. I’m just a bad texter to people with boring personalities.
i hate when people call my phone and just hold it.
I just rlly wanna be a weapons engineer and blow up
I deleted my posts. Send me the SSs of your PTs or I will make it a reality — the deadline.
what is outcast is it the bts text thing i keep seeing on my tl how tf you supposed read it i want to
Just seen barbershop 2. The part when the guy's head is accidentally shaved is so funny
it’s a blessing and a curse how much i don’t give a shit about anything
everyone changing their profile pics heh
soon as you get back, we gon’ get right
1 ano e 2 meses <33 i'm glad you still be mine <33
The First Sunday service of 2018 is tomorrow.
passed by the saem awhile ago and they were playing mansae he heh he he e hhe
I feel so much better e much more confident when I speak english
When they have nothing to say, they start making stuff up lol
ns com he tornat, tothom de festa i jo in the bed xd
acabei o 1º ep de the end of the fucking world e to amando
46. Isaiah 41:10 is my fav bible verse
A fucking messy goon smoked wrong cookies, and columbines won crooked fantasy tales. Thats OK.
72 hour work week is d-o-n-e-e-e
I’m so blessed, my granny finished my laundry for me
Me:hehe we should hang out before I leave in February!! Cinnamon roll: yeah we can go out on a Saturday so that way E* can take care of our brother and I can go out Me:
2018 is IPONING YEAR for ARMYS
Okay defense get off the field!!!
Had to get cleaned up before work
Let’s not forget , your mom struggled witchu too
Vai la Goff Gurley e Watkins — assistindo Atlanta Falcons vs Los Angeles Rams
Thanks for the mention! Celebrity_VIP1 #Saturday Motivation This week's TOP Influencers: travelmotorbike eShoppingStores ROOTCARE playvioletmovie CrimeGenreFilms iammaulanamalik Thanks & Enjoy your weekend! — Celebrity VIP (Celebrity_VIP1) January 7, 2018
I’m hella hungry but we are doing tacos Nd game night so i settled on a salad so I can b e hungry by the time dinner is ready lmao
waddup with all these false rumors? Wa namoy laing mga topic? Mga lowlife hoes???
Just watched Everest n actually sat here sobbing, I can’t cope.
Jazelle looks more & more like her dad everyday
Don’t hold the past forever shit not right and it’s dumb asf let that shit go and forgive...you got to talk to em but yea
If you tweet about how a team has no chance, or has no business being somewhere, while the game is going on, you’re a Idiot.
Did the online stream hostess just say that when she sees Doug E Fresh she's going to start rapping "fresh Prince of Belair"? LOL #Team Shaggy4 Kids
Wishful thinking getting a foot massage while drinking this wine
I called the Titans game, my guts says the Falcons wins next
mf called her Xanne Frank yall be outta pocket on this mf
Daddy sent me a video of Aoibheann playing with her doll and pram and now I'm lying in bed crying cause I miss her sooooooo much
if you know someone has a bf/gf don't text them. don't snapchat them. don't start a streak w them. leave them aloneeee omg
Where the episode at ? ): # dragon ball super
I think we meeting up with the Falcons
My brother is making dinner.. lolz this a first
Streamming de Sakura e Dragon Ball Super: Failed
Chem Physics Entrep P. E Media 21st 3/6 Woahh fight fight fight
rrrrrrrrrrrrrrDKJGNSFKSDLGNDKLGFNDKLFGNDFK literally jus t l e a v e if you're gonna be a petulant child
Dispute Ln N Dundas E Dufferin & Fisher St [PRGC] 01/06 20:04 # # Toronto
You my baby you da goat
i dont wanna be a lonely fool
I have absolutely NO respect for you if you drink water through a straw
It didn't work out so well earlier for the team I was rooting for, but, GO FALCONS! #N F L Playoffs
i just want to melt with you and let our minds unravel for hours, seeing how far they can go while finding pieces of my soul .. melt with me and see what i see
I hate when people who got money swear they broke ik you rich bitch
Smh so Mama Es got ppl pissed off
STOP BEING A PIECE OF LITERAL DOG SHIT AND MOVE THE FUCK ON
:･° ✧ t h r e a d s ✧ °･:
“i woke up today, saw an Ellen video and started crying”
Omfg so much anxiety and nerves !common LA
assisti mother e fiquei wow bonito but that's it
“I wish I could be vegan” *makes absolute no effort to be vegan* please don’t ever talk to me again
dying fetus - from womb to waste
i can’t help but love the way we make love.
I’m starving, craving 3 things rn
I’m taking the Falcons 48-20. They get up 48-0 before coasting for the last 3 Quarters
I'm toooooo salty KC just let the Titans get down on nem like that
Acabei de assistir The End of the F***ing World e gostei muito!
if anyone ever says, “it’s me or the dog”, I hope they already have their bags packed, because I’m choosing the dog EVERY TIME.
But little do you know his homeboy is actually a gay guy he’s been hooking up with on the side ever time you won’t give him none
I am just so lazy it's ridiculous
Damn. WE ARE A F O R C E to be reckoned with
I need a full body mirror in my room
Being cheated on changes your whole perspective of relationships for life
all these unholy tweets on my timeline im
Anyone play 2k18 on ps4? I need a good player for my park
I need a picture of that Mariota block
When the making a papa john in 207 again but closer to where I live
STATS do jogo Titans e Chiefs Leader Tackle: K.Byard: 6 D.Johnson: 6 SACKS: B.Orakpo: 1.5 D.Johnson / J.Houston: 1.0 INT: - M.Peters: 1.0 #N F L Playoffs #N F Lna E S P N #mais N F L
I just wanna look like a chocolate goddess on my birthday that’s all
One of my biggest fears is being a bum, hating ass, old bitch
it's time for a big score...
To those who are already an associate member in A.C.E's daum fancafe. How do you level up? Like, I'm do not even have write permissions and idk whyㅠㅠ
Theres an important difference between a shill and an informant
Who watching the game??, Let’s goooooo flacons
Kayla just wasted the last 2% of her battery trying to help me pick out a good enough selfie IF THAT AINT SOME REAL SHIT
"The End of the F***ing World" is one of the best TV shows I have seen in a while. Just went live on Netflix yesterday. go watch it.
Thanks for a great first stream! It was T H E best.
My momma just told us she’s concerned for all her future grandchildren bc I told my lil cousin she wasn’t trying hard enough to put her own seatbelt on
I got the Rams tn, too much offense
Rule number 1 keep them people out of your business
RELEASE YOUR INHIBITIONS F E E L T H E G A Y O N Y O U R S K I N
Fun fact, the Patriots will beat the Titans by 63 points but would have only beat the Chiefs by 2. # Chiefs
Data 01:15 Pressure 1019.8 hpa Temp 3.1C Hum 70pct Wind 8.3 mph E Rain today 0.0 mm Month 462.9 mm Snowfall today 0.0 Snow Depth0
My heart is full. My son is enjoying the hell out of E.T.
Hes butthurt and now wants revenge... tf did you do yoongi #B T Soutcast D4
Anyone in Bloem keen to do park runs on weekends? Please DM me
I love how all Mariah has to do now is BREATHE and it's news. Do you Mimi! # l i n n e r i s t h e n e w b r u n c h
Like okay y’all now it’s Twitter i have no control what you might see while I’m scrolling...
I Like Tiddies.. But It Is A MUST Dat My Girl Has A Ass
I wanted to tell you that wherever I am, whatever happens, I’ll always think of you, and the time we spent together, as my happiest time. I’d do it all over again, if I had the choice. No regrets.
That mace... get it away from me. Get it away!
They won the first game 7-1, E scored 1 goal. We just won there 2nd game 5-0, E got another goal! What a great weekend, full of soccer. Another game soon against the other UCC team......Good luck boys
Proposed substitute for Ladies and Gentlemen: "Party People" i.e.: "What up, my party people?"
I see the NFL is intent on selling the Pro Bowl to fans of the Splatoon asthetic
who wants to go to a quince with me i can promise you a Selena serenade from my mom and my tia and a dance with my grandma any takers?
It's usually not the 1st game that's the upset for the weekend.... I don't know whether to just watch hockey now & assume Rams take care of business... or... actually keep football on
I spent maybe a year worried about people coming gone late or not answering my calls. And thinking the worst and I don't want it back.
Mano essa serie The End of The Fucking World é agonizante
He don’t even believe in Jesus, why he got a Jesus piece?
you bitches are easy and you niggas are burning
January prediction: Billie Eilish is gonna blow up this year
Love your woman.. You'll regret it later if you dont. Put your pride away
Watching "Anne with an E" and I can't decide who I hate more, Anne or Marilla Cuthbert (no, I've never read the books)
I want tom sellick to fucking murder me what a HUNK
# b t sou t cast got me fucced up. there goes my productive school work
being alone doesn't necessarily equal to loneliness.
If you leave me now - charlie puth
think it’s time to make a games journal on # day one
My 420th picture is the only lewd picture iv'e ever posted. nice.
Way to excited for Anaheim 1 tonight
Let’s go Rams . Good luck boys
Delays on # A train # C train and # E train [E] Jamaica Center-bound trains run local from Roosevelt Av to 71 Av #MTA…
# A train # C train and # E train have service change [E] Jamaica Center-bound trains run local from Roosevelt Av to 71 Av…
PlexPy (GumbyPlex) Gumbee13 (Gumby + Roku) started playing Marvels Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. - Fun & Games.
Ho finito the end of the fucking world e boh, sconvolta
vo faze maratona de the end of the f***ing world e vai ser agr
Sometime you have to unfollow people in real life
02:11 CET: Temperature: 9,2°C, Wind: E, 3 mph (ave), 6 mph (gust), Humidity: 21%, Rain (hourly) 0,0 mm, Pressure: 1004 hPa, rising slowly
"USGS" "Sismo" "Temblor" "Terremoto" M 5.0 - 142km E of Agrihan, Northern Mariana Islands
Even if we tried, we can’t get rid of each other.
Yea she ur girl but I fucked her on her birthday
2018 will be filled of good vibes and blessings. Feeling it!
im pretty P- completely R- and E- utterly T- unattractive T- im sorry that you Y- have to look at me
I’m watching insidious by myself bc no f r i e n ds
Elfrid Payton would definitely be nominated for “most boring player in the league” award.
either way i feel like i'm dying
I’m watching Lady Danger order McDonalds from a Penguin on VR Chat while an anime & two manifestations of Knuckles look on. ‘Tis a silly game!
watch how a cold broken teen will desperately lean upon a superglued human of proof
His homeboy comes through and they chill and smoke and that’s the end of the night
Y ya va a empezar la lujuria por " The End of the f***ing World"
E is not going to leave me alone unless I take her to game stop to get 2k18
This # say yes to the dress marathon is excellent and all but now I just feel super single
Good solid team win by the Hoosiers! # Big 10 #NCAA
Don't ever think you're alone here, We've just been trapped in different hells, And people aren't against you dear, They're just all for themselves. - E.H.
# Titans HC Mike Mularkey on Marcus Mariota's performance: "It was honestly the most inspiring thing I've ever seen. He made Martin Luther King Jr. look like a pussy out there." Wow.
Goals vs North Royalton by Prementine from E Yoon on the PP, & Corlew from Aylward & Demarco
This is a big stage for Young. Slow down and don’t force your shots. I can see him having a big 2nd half.
Yay a #New Follow er !!! Thanks for the # Follow Mal'D stay in touch for the latest updates # T r a n c e # Music and even #Info Sec !
u no what sounds like fun, not hating every inch of ur body and personality xxx
Y’all both my parents (at separate times) today looked over my shoulder and was reading my twitter talking about “who is that”...
I’m actually such a mess atm
Chris Carson's Success Rate of 40.8% ranked 45th among running backs with at least as many carries as he had in 2017.
2018 please be good to me ..
Untrue story: Walking around the city, I noticed a mortuary advertising an upcoming comedy special to be filmed in their basement, aka the fallen finger floor, and I thought, I've arrived somewhere real special.
I’m going to LA this year.
Cameron got the iPhone X he'll bless us with so many selfies
I really love hearing him calling me "baby princess" ugh!
One of my pet peeves about being a server is when people come in, take up a table, and only order drinks. Like isn’t that what the bar is for?!
is it food poisoning or did someone give me the evil eye...
If you weren’t supporting the Titans when it was 0-0 don’t support them now
Comi e ri tanto que only god in my life
Here I come, rougher than the rest of them, the best of them, tougher than leather! [Unknown From M.E]
I want to have a lip tattoo
yoongi now thinking which one of his baby mommas is this
That is one hell of a gamble but it worked out for them lol.
||Considering making a Big E. Not many of him around.
Being called "my little sunshine" is probably the cutest thing
If you snap me a black screen or “streaks” then I promise you I will block you
I will tell you how I know Putin isn't in collusion with Trump if he was he'd release Hillary's 30,000 deleted E Mails. If you don't think he has them but you believe he hacked our election. Explain how he hacks super secured servers and not unprotected ones.
IM SO LONELY IN THIS MASSIVELY MULTIPLAYER ONLINE ROLE PLAYING GAME SOMEONE S A V E M E
ITS US IM SO SCARED IM TRIGGERED DOMEONE HELP #B T Soutcast D4
You gonna wish you never left. They always do.
oh wow hey I want to die every time the sun goes down
If they can start selling cases of tall cans of Arizona sweet tea, that’d be great
[ I made my own banner too h e h ]
not to be this person but bojack horseman is literally the deepest show ever and everyone should watch it
I’m calling it, the Rams for the W
will i ever get back to 17.2k? the answer is no
The papers have made a right cunt of it (again)
My girlfriend gives me sound advice. 99% SOUND 1% ADVICE
i hate when people think i'm mad or sad cause i'm not talking... nahh i'm chillin bitch.
I’m gonna clean cause I’m bored
God has never let me down. Not once.
WHEN HE SAYS HES HOSEOK HE MEANS BEEN ACTING LIKE HIM NOT ACTUALLY HIM I THINK ITS ACTUALLY JIN PLAYING AS HOSEOK BECAUSE HOW CAN IT BE HOSEOK WHEN HES IN THE GAME? JIN AND TAE ARE THE CREATORS AT LEAST JIN IS #B T Soutcast D4
I have a whole night ahead of me and i need wine to go with my binge watching on tv shows
My mom likes R2-D2 a lot and we have many things like a R2-D2 timer in our kitchen, some figurine she has beside her bed, toy things and more + we have a BB-8 carpet in our living room. Lot's of Star Wars related stuff.
I came back to everything i swore i wouldn't : fake nails.
almost 1.5 million likes in 35 minutes omf
"Fuck these lames you know we don't need em"
You can’t miss what you never had
We took down our Christmas decorations today and idk why. Our house looks so boring now.
ITS THE CREATOR SHITT KDNDKDND #B T Soutcast D4
Of course me and Chey show up to a work training, late, without a pen, and no paper.
Help my phone is possessed by a southern demon because it keeps autocorrecting “tall” to “y’all” (It did it again while I was typing this )
you not from this city, I could tell dawgggg
Watching a time bomb ticking away, watching a time bomb nobody cares till it's too late.
Cavaliers lead the Magic 67-64 at halftime. CLE: L James 20pts, 3reb, 5ast ORL: E Payton 12pts, 2reb, 2ast (ESPN)
Blue and black kind of day.
E has coined the term junkyard chic to describe our home decorating and I feel like Rumplestiltskin and just exploded
Someone should slide with a bowl of Pho
Here’s an appreciation thread of the people I talk to whom I believe are just the most precious things ever,,
Mama E reported me. It’s lit. Lol
He understands me in every way. That’s the best part
so hoseok's been kidnapped this whole time someone please SAVE HIM
There Can Only Be One Nao
RTing AND FOLLOWING any Broncos accounts today that troll the Chiefs hahah #1 n done
Cardi B got 4 songs in the tops 15 on billboard. The bruno shit will make it 5 next week. She better capitalize wit an album soon
legit hate it when my parents fight. bitch it's like my end of the world.
God has a plan for us & if it’s not for us to be together, that’s okay too.
Hey # a s p c a every time your commercial plays, I kick my dog.
men are the coolest but boys suck.
Now that the chiefs season is over, go pats!!
Guessing the Titans can thank me for their win
—B E G O N E T H O T *teleports behind Nys* Everything personal *le clava una lanza*
I need some motivation to unpack this suitcase
"in new york alone, people are bitten 10 times more each year by other people than worldwide by sharks" f r e a k s
The last time I was at Chuck E Cheese was when I had my party here when I turned 7.....
Lying will only make it worse
#Now Playing Doug E. Fresh & The Get Fresh Crew featuring MC Ricky Dee - La-Di-Da-Di on DJ Imperial Radio #FastCast4u.com
I KNEW IT! WE'VE BEEN MANIPULATED! WE'RE THE ONES WHO PLAYS THEM AND TELL WHAT SHOULD HAPPEN THEN YOONGI PLAYED THE OTHERS WHILE THE CREATOR PLAYS ON YOONGI TOO! #B T Soutcast D4
Dickhead to the world, but a sweetheart to me
Maxwell, Chrystal e Agatha vieram me ver. Se eu sou apx por eles? SIMMMM
A ve Maria - Beyonce A Million Miles Away - Rihanna E verything I Didn't Say (Live) - 5SOS L eave Me Lonely - Ariana Grande I Love You - Avril Lavigne T he End - Little Mix
THIS IS WHAT YOONGI GETS FOE UNSYNCING
ok i really gotta sleep now hdhdjdjfhfh
pain is never permanent but tonight it’s killing me
Sometimes I just don't know what the fuck to do with myself.
Depression is clearly shy because the bitch comes back when everyone leaves
Pedo lovers in my graphic design project.
Holy moly, now Tyreek Hill is taking a gigantic shit in Andy Reid's mouth. The rest of the team is cheering him on. So hot.
Just because you never lied to a spouse, friend e.t.c doesn't mean you # c o m m u n i c a t e d .
I recall the scent of some kind of toilet powder--I believe she stole it from her mother's Spanish maid--a sweetish, lowly, musky perfume.
that's what you did to me you left me QUEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEM É
Waiting for my to get off work.
“Only connect the prose & the passion, & both will be exalted, & human love will be seen at its highest. Live in fragments no longer.” — E.M. Forster
Too dumb to speak? Makes no difference to me. Move out of my way or I'll run you through!
I got my 5 days off this week! What to do now?
Gente, The end of the F**king world é bom mesmo????
n e ways yuto just pushed edawn out of the way bc hes my new bias
My smoke detector went off today n hours later there’s nothing wrong. Then my godmother called n said her smoke detector went off today.
goodnight i love andrea hartwin jack and rose larry firtherton c mds
Seems like yoongi has SUM BEEF WITH SOMEONE Y E E T #B T Soutcast D4
Does GEazy say nigga? Someone fact check for me
I was just thinking out loud about subscribing to Facetory and my dad must’ve heard me cause he was like “just charge my card” hehe
I just pregamed Lola and I’s dinner plans with pancakes. Now we’re going to eat more.
I've lived in Cincinnati for 5 months. Today after leaving my folks house I got on 71N to Columbus. Old habits are tough to break. #Buckeye For Life
Chiefs always fucking choke always in the playoffs lmaooo
been buying Christmas gifts since october!!! this whole check going on MARISA
The enemies respawning when you get killed is brutal
Ugly start for both teams in Laramie. Blame the altitude.
Maybe running an offense with the goal of getting open threes is not the best offense for a team that doesn’t make open threes.
HOLY FUCK ITS COLD – at Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport (DTW)
take my number in case she's not the one
Vesuvia is in the southern hemisphere so Nadia is like "???"
THE THREAD ISNT WORKING FOR ME I WANT to E X C E CU T E. MYSELF
Rn at this moment, it’s all about positive vibes. I don’t have time to dwell in negativity, if you do, then I hope you find that sunshine
Tava cvs com jadson e Weverson na chamada dee videoo
it has to be someone that yoongi was once close with or someone he knows
i // h a t e // what robert did but at least he didn't do it more than once (and never sober) nor did he do it because he loved another person.. it's still fucking disgusting but it's way better than what paddy did in my book
i need to commission someone for some tacky brb gifs that i can lay over my stream when i afk
First simba ko sana ngayon for this year kaso I’m still to lazy to get out of bed
I'm not even tripping off petty people man it's a new year forget them
9pm linkage. I'm 10mins away. Deeven bade or wash me hair yet
That relationship was yrssssssss ago let alone she calls me her daughter in law
i have 11 photos on my instagram now which is the most i have gone without deleting everything and starting over. 2018 = year of consistent social media profile
Ever wonder how it felt so real?
Wait, did I hear the last Chiefs playoff win was Jan. 8, 1994? That was so long ago—I remember exactly where I was—changing planes at the E Terminal at PIT airport—that’s how long ago that was
i think i want to change my switch name or w/e.....is it time to put smelly boy to rest? is this it?
My plan tonight is to go home and listen to #The Greatest Showman soundtrack the rest of the night after seeing the movie.
How many times will I die on a level in the original ratchet and clank? Only time will tell
My honey is so pissed at those damn Chiefs.
why does my maN HAV E TO BE THE BAD GUy I'm c r ie s
imma just sit back and read bc im T I R E D
Getting paid to “sit tight for a little while”
There's a lot of great albums that put me in a good mood but I'd pick Melodrama, 7/27, Lemonade, and GD Platinum edition haha
can’t wait to get that feeling
I Got angels with devilish features
I have a sore throat hhhh
More Love, More peace, More vacations, More money. Just More everything!
Sometimes it only takes one mistake to blow it all up #Life Lesson Of The Day
Sure, why not have a leak coming through the kitchen ceiling right before classes start?
Hurts to be a chiefs fan right now
I'm jealous of Sean's unwavering belief in his sexual prowess
A whole 2 poxy weeks without a phone has finally came to an end I have my baby back
May you rest in peace Lolo Hendry
Being scheduled for work after a month off is so sad
Oh never mind I figured it out. Muted! Good work, Twitter.
Love is all fun and games till somebody loses their mind.
Just paid for some branded packaging. Get ready to see the iLightbulb in stores near you.
# Just in bi e be r 's tattoos give me lifeee
AG: Gr8! What a gr8 team we are.
I know you wanna be in my b e d
Joel: You smelled so good , like you just woke up, slightly sweaty.
I would rather be a nobody who cares for somebody than a somebody who cares for nobody.
Coutinho has left us for €160 million. Better use the money for another wonderful talent if not with the same calibre but with almost the same as his.
So you refuse , he tells you “It’s cool my home boy bout to come through. Gn ily”
So we’re just gonna act like that pineapple pizza in James’s sc wasn’t E’s
It’s only 5:12 but it feels like it’s 8
Thanks to Bruce Almighty I have never forgotten how to spell B-E-A-utiful.
It's crazy how music can make you reminisce about the good times ...
This folks have the air on everyday a mfer gone be SICK
WTF OS GOING ON IM SCARED FOR LYFR
Give up on every single person that gives up on you. Seriously
I got one makisan for free!!!
The warriors, especially steph, are always on dirt with the clippers
Haven’t left the house all day..Crazy
I seriously don’t kno why my ex mom feels the need to check on me every yr
Bro real shit how do u bitches suck any and every niggas dick bitches mouths got hella miles
Slept for 10hrs and I've never felt better! Tiny goal for tuhdayyy is to clean da room. Yes, I lived like a hamster for the past two days now. Fite me (small hands)
The Lovely Fellow of the Realm
WHEN I FACETIMED CALLIE AND HER FRIEND ANSWERED AND WENT "shes fucking ugly" BITCH
STATS do jogo Titans e Chiefs Leader Rushing: D. Henry, 23att: 156yds K.Hunt, 11att: 42yds Leader Receiving: D.Walker, 6rec: 74yds T.Hill, 7rec: 87yds Curiosidade: Kelce ainda foi o 2nd melhor recebedor dos Chiefs com 66yds #N F L Playoffs #N F Lna E S P N #mais N F L
Who's active? if you are and need a sponsorship we are answering dms all night! # r et we et
The Chiefs better Fire andy Reid
literally s h a k e it off
And please don't compare him to how you coached Datsyuk or Zetterberg. Austin is a more well rounded player. And he has tremendous skills that he cannot develop on the bench. Confused.
We just got robbed so cleanly even the kids were on it smh
There is no better song than “Eye To Eye” from the Goofy Movie. # p owe line .
"Do-re-mi-fa-so fucking down with you boooy..." Ya que no entiende nada, va a cantar. (?)
Best Gift para sa Team! Thank you Lord!
I guess I really made the wrong decision, na naman.
And is very base practice showing commonality from assumed prestige I.e. BBC,illustrating that where there is brass,there is muck.All that glitters aka BBC and establishment pomposity,is not gold.
'Finding out all your strategies' Me: ahem AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH *STRESSED OUT SCREAMING I N T E N S I F I E S* AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH h e l p #B T Soutcast D4
Legit pissed that haven’t been able to do load of laundry all day
We're only dealing with Aidan and Morticia because we don't have Den and Chrissie. # e a s t e n d e r s
ITS TAEJIN. IT SAID “WE didn’t stood a chance” AND IT SAID “one for ME one for ANOTHER”. WHAT ANOTHER??? ITS T H E M
Excited to announce it is 9:12PM and I am in for the night
Certain people have influence over others that brings out the very best in them and those around them
Do u have to wait on an official announcement to tell somebody congrats on the baby
Leinenkugel's KC tonight 8-11 I’ll cheer you up #EOWB
i hate being an attention whore like whenever im not getting attention from oomf im so annoyed
I need to lose all the weight I gained for the holidays
lucky by colbie caillat and jason mraz is so cute oh my god
e_e i just told myself last night i won't be buying kpop merch and now i want to buy melon passes to help infinite's cb akjsdnaskjdn granted it's not merch but still it's kpop e____________e
They're sending me their pictures at color manila
My pronouns aren’t preferred, they’re mandatory, but your ugly ass hanging out with me is, fuck of Clare
It's a new dawn It's a new day It's a new life For me
Saudades assistir are you the one e geordie shore
my patience is at 0 rn
HOLD UP LIL BABY, THATS WHAT I SAID
EoE RT: JerkyPro: GRUNToeSPoRTS X1 and PS4. We’ll be on the PS4 tonight though.
Lmao, Matty Ice looks like he does my taxes
EoE RT: JerkyPro: MrxRaGe Our number is in our bio. Feel free to call. We are here to help you!
My love for you is like a truck
Serious question: is there a way to screen my Twitter feed so that I can’t see any of Trump’s tweets?
neeeeed money but dont have the time unless i want my E grades to go to Us
Well 'Hoseok' didn't lie. The real one was 'in' the house e didn't said he was 'at' home #B T Soutcast D4
Everyone is talking about x reader fics, can’t relate, they make me uncomfortable
I'm not being gassed I'm pissed off because I'm trying to do constructive shit but you won't let me because in order for your mental terrorism to be effective I have to look insane when I'm not
i rly rly rly want taco bell right now but i D O N T HA A V E A C A R R . this is my new diet: just eat what you bought three weeks ago or STARVE
Can’t wait too get my own shit ima cry when I get my keys in my head
this is one of the reasons why I must go to sleep earlier
If I hit you up to hangout I fuck with you
Mat voice everyone p l e a s e calm down
He made her delete the post, wow, that’s just sad, I feel sorry for that chick
I have friends who are actually asking me to hang out and all I wanna do is lay in bed with Ollie
When did I become so messy lololol
LRT MY GIRL MY GIRL MY GIRL MY G I R L M E LI A A A A A A A A A
Wow, Young is a punk # w v u
He Seems Cool ! I'll See ...
If You Switched Up On Me Last Year I DONT know YOU This Year
Who picks these announcer's wardrobe, so boring. Man I would be straight GQ!
I've been running through the jungle I've been crying with the wolves To get to you, to get to you
Yesung to ELF : Everlasting, reliable defender E.L.F..... I Love You
Trip home was different. It went super quick. I love my family.
Was going to start my reading challenge for 2018 but I decided on starting a new show #Peaky Blinders
He constantly asks you for sexual favors and you wouldn’t mind, but he asks for you to come over at 2 am and sneak through his window
Why is it that the person I’m thinking about the most is beyond a phone call and up in the clouds....
R-E-T-W-E-E-T if you have less than 10,000 followers! #Team Follow Back (follow me! I'll help you gain and follow back!)
Jay was just grilling this guy sayin he looked like Dave Chappelle and it really was him
maybe i’m addicted to the camera or vice versa. nonetheless i ain’t ever seen ugly look this good on another bitch. - Chimon’e
India has the largest problem with water pollution and untreated sewage. In the world so something is literally in the water there
i just want my hair done
Vikings lead Sallies 28-24 at halftime. Let’s go Vikings! #V K Nation
While Mahomes was giving Smith a blowjob, Smith turned to his teammates and said, "Patrick Mahomes? more like Patrick MaHOMO". Everybody laughed, including Mahomes.
I’m ready for so much more. I deserve so much more!
it's not that I love up10tion. the fact is that I L.O.V.E up10tion.
Time to try watching the ancient magus bride For ives
Lots of crying about the soda tax. But HOW do I know you’re fat and poor???
JWIN/ Unit:TWTR Inc:PIAA/040 Loc:141 PERKINSVILLE RD XSts:GABRIETY RD/VIEW PL Venu e:Lloyd 01/06/2018 20:10
I prolly just ate 10 breadsticks and my weight in pasta at Olive Garden
I wish were just living in a ninja world, where all you need to do is to be strong, make friends, and have your ninja way. Simply no Acads HAHAHA
Now it’s getting harder to ignore. I’ve settled for so little but i want so much more
The only thing I will actively discriminate against is a chain restaurant.
Fail to the Chiefs, another year another home playoff loss. Chief and Choke each begin with Ch and as an e with the Chiefs having a big F for fail
First Sunday of 2018...Thinking about wearing a suit tomorrow... #Its Beento Long
There are quite a few mutuals I've never seen before..dm me ya faces
Literally you’re that person that tells everyone hahahaha
I think someone in the Lloyd E. Scott gym in Seymour today thought I was crazy when I told him the Titans would beat the Chiefs...now the Rams need to help me out!
twinkle twinkle little star, hit me with a fucking car. I want to die so fucking bad, thanks to my fucking ex-stepdad.
“not anymore, bitch” S A V A G E IM LIKE IT DADDY
Just ride a bitches back like Yoda on Luke
It’s “I don’t care how stupid I look with my hood up” cold today. #NYC # freezing # why do we live here
i said whoever unfollowed me your moms a h o e
Whenever I’m eating healthy, I get dumb for a bit while my body adjusts. But please be assured, I am still a genius.
Man if your name Bubba stay the fuck away from me this is in no way shape or form shade. But y’all niggas trash
lmfao y'all the creator is probably bang pd
Anything to Eat - E, 22k Junho is the Beater for Ravenclaw and Jihyo hates Quidditch. They take their minds off things.
Chick fi la don't have anybody working outside tonighttt
FuCk t h e R E V I V A L
#C A M I L Aout N E X Tfriday to me it's THIS friday and it sounds more exciting fhdjsm
It is crazy how ready I believe I am for a baby.
I can’t wait for the day someone will appreciate my love and give me that love back
“Be the good, because God loves the goodness.”
took a dab, ran a hot bath with some lush bubble bar, played some music now I just gotta sit back and sink into the earth
I made $25 in tips today.......what?
Good to see the packed the Coliseum just before kickoff. # traffic
When somebody asks Marcus Mariota who he threw his first post season TD pass too... he’s gonna have to say himself. Let that sink in.
Lebron gets away with sooooo much bitching it’s ridiculous.
Falcons got a new stadium built just not to have home field advantage? Wow
ok so the end of the f***ing world is rly fkin good but im sad that the episodes are short bc it’s over with in about 2 minutes but you should totally fkin watch it
I can't even smoke no weed my p.o a try to smoke my feet
So President Dumb referred to himself as a 'stable genius'. You know who else referred to themselves as a genius? Wile E. Coyote - and he kept being outsmarted by a desert bird and a rabbit. QED.
never been told more of what i don’t do in my life
5 bottles of beer then another 1 pitsel of beer again.
Let’s go Tricky Tre and G Trent
My attitude is just to much for these niggas
I like how when I spell Beyoncé my autocorrect automatically puts the accent over the E # greatness
Shawty fck with my pimpin ‘ he know lil baby got drip
“We stood no chance” WE W E ????
“Television seemed so unapproachable to me because of the way I work.” - Joe Swanberg on his Chicago-based series #E…
That’s the best way of going MIA.. changing numbers & deleting social media...
Abouta have mac and cheese and watch Save the Last Dance
All two stages. All two stages. DON'T SPOIL ME ROUND 1, TWO STAGES.
We can try and hide it It's all the same
I am interested only in "nonsense"; only in that which makes no practical sense. I am interested in life only in its absurd manifestations. Daniil Kharms # food for thought # quote # a p h o r i s m e s # k h arms
SOMEONE WANNA TALK ABOUT JUSTIN BIEBER, HARRY STYLES(literally everyone from 1D) FINN WOLFHARD, DOLAN TWINS, IDK THERE ARE SO MANY!?
Tapos ko na ang "A Girl who can see smell"
the other person thought they slick but little do they know that yoongi’s a fuckin dumbass and has no strategies whatsoever #B T Soutcast D4
I hope to marry someone with the same qualities & work ethic as my dad
Lmaooo just seen oomf at the galleria with her sugar daddy
What the fuck does he mean by "im not, but im" #B T Soutcast D4 IM SO DONE
Them naps from 7-10 during the week be so great
Everybody cheats , but you gotta know how , you gotta know when. Xscape said it first
Why is it as soon as you're single you get lads just begging for nudes n a shag ???? Nah get in the bin X
I really wanna go to a pottery class!!! if anyone knows where some are in atlanta please let me know
Get acquainted with indefinite pronouns first before you correct one’s grammar. Bogo!
I called it ! KC wasn’t gon be able to hold it ! Sorry ass niggas
Proud of myself , I managed to eat 8 wings while driving without making a mess
No one can heal your broken heart but you. Save yourself because others are busy saving their lives as well.
See where I come 4rm you either wit me or against
Nadia wouldn't wanna set foot in a fast food restaurant
Do not be blinded with the idea that someone will fix you. Do not believe that someone will save you. Do you know who can save you? YOURSELF.
Her voice is compulsion when I call her name, Now I am burning inside an undying flame
Loyalty goes a long way with me
Anyone else get bothered by what if’s
I’m tooooooo mf nice !!!!!!! But all that’s getting cut S H O R T
I will lower my pride for the last time.
Marie Barf Harf, come back to twitter so we can tell you what a freakin douchebag you are
And you know it, but you don’t care
Let's go Rams! Of course I'm rooting for a Millennial HC #A T Lvs L A
acabei de ver The disaster artist e GOD BLESS YOU FRANCO BROTHERS
I aint slept in days it ain't healthy but its worth it
If you keep doing what you’re doing, You’re going to keep getting what ya got.
hi i basically watched naruto all day long and now i’m gonna sleep so i can watch more naruto tomorrow nighty night
Goal: to look as good as Jennifer Aniston does when I’m older
Despite what they show and tell you I don't believe Warren E Buffet is alive my uncle Dave Thomas would be 80 and Warren was 20yrs older
Ugh looking at holidays and I could go to Geneva for 3 days for £150 hotel and all but I am b r o k e
Keeping this silk scarf on freshly pressed hair has been a struggle
we stood no chance one for me one for another o seokjin e o taehyung
Last night was my first time dancing to country music ... What an experience
He Was Trying To Ask Me Out For Coffee But I Don't Do Coffee So He Suggested Tea Instead.
I’m sad for I am Romaine lettuce lover and can’t eat it cause it has E. Coli
parents: so glad you could make it back home for christmas dinner. what's new in your life son? me: can't stop thinking the earth can offset excess cO2 and reverse climate change via volcanic release of sulphur dioxide. but the process would be catastrophic for human life.
No hesitation, no delay, you come on just like Special K
I don't know what to feel right now about not being able to meet you again and I don't know if I can forgive you even if you're gone already.
Omg my niece straight miss me , she crying and Everything
Having a cold while being pregnant is the WORST
Went through some old poems and stories of mine and saw that a lot of them were left unfinished. I realized then that I want to continue writing. I want to continue telling stories. This is what I love to do.
Did you ever noticed I've been ashamed
Tomoki is the only student Alex yelled at more than me. Bless his heart.
Nigga really getting to comfortable bro like wtf
$25 just got me from E to basically full. I love having a new car
You already know I’m rooting for my Dirty Birds to get that dub 2nite
it’s just a matter of manners but w/e
In bed with Suits, a box of Russell Stovers, and deep despair. Do not disturb until Andy Reid is fired.
Youkoso waga tainai e.The end point of love and ego.
Falcons will play their best game of the season tonight
Yeah, so, um... wait a second-
Which can complicate things like the level
(Wave) SWELL: 5.6 ft at 9.1 s E / WIND WAVE: 6.9 ft at 6.7 s E / WVHT: 8.9 ft / APD: 6.5 s / MWD: 91° / 2:40p HST
Wow I have nothing against love. And if you believe in love that's great, but please stop pushing your "there's someone for everyone" agenda on me. Thanks.
Haha, yeah, I'm ace. A ctually C rying E veryday
Incredible display of class by # Chiefs backup QB Patrick Mahomes. He just went over and gave Alex Smith a beautiful blowjob.
Yeah , it’s been a while . .
Guess who still U N D R A F T E D in this cuffing SZN. It be too cold at night.
The #P A Farm Show is not streaming properly for me this year!!!
Kyrie should’ve made that shot lol
When khalid says "I lost my mind when you left me And I didn't have much of that But you were so quick to reject me So I'll take my time being sad I fell so hard, I'll admit it"
He’s in a gang and he Lowkey ain’t shit
I don’t want no nasty ass rosca tf
I love # x an a du A go to album for my alone times
A pair of free throws from Nate Thomas puts the Vikings ahead 26-24.
First thing I did was plug in my fan
You know a guy is insecure when he goes around asking girls how they know you
if you didn't know that that wasn't hoseok talking since the beginning where have you been?
(Wave) SWELL: 0.7 ft at 11.8 s E / WIND WAVE: 2.0 ft at 6.2 s ENE / WVHT: 2.0 ft / APD: 4.3 s / MWD: 81° / 7:53p EST
(Wave) SWELL: 9.2 ft at 9.1 s E / WIND WAVE: 4.9 ft at 6.7 s SE / WVHT: 10.5 ft / APD: 7.9 s / MWD: 81° / 8:40p AST
(Wave) SWELL: 6.9 ft at 9.1 s E / WIND WAVE: 7.2 ft at 6.2 s E / WVHT: 10.2 ft / APD: 6.8 s / MWD: 97° / 8:40p AST
# s i s m o : M 5.0 - 142km E of Agrihan, Northern Mariana Islands 2018-01-07T01:09:36.040Z
Smash is my go-to game I'll beat ya ass as Captain Falcon
Give that man a raise #Mariota To Mariota
if you stop and think about how exciting/cool it is to have a little you walking around like I'm so pumped to be a parent u ain't even know!
"It's hard to lead a cavalry charge if you think you look funny on a horse." Adlai E. Stevenson II # leadership # success
I really miss Imogen and Lily
Can’t afford to show up to Colorado sick ass fuck
Im rlly bad bad at texting, my friends should know that already
For whatever we lose (like a you or a me), It’s always ourself we find in the sea, —e,e, Cummings There are no facts, only interpretations.
Played with the voice recorder on my phone and recorded my salvation story while being interviewed by the air (it didn't save). Just realized it will always be the most exciting thing about my life. God, Jesus, Christianity.
onight I love that I won't be with you baby my baby girl want me to let you go I miss sexy sexy I miss you sexy Utah I miss v e sister I...
To be unlimited in your limitation (ends you have set for yourself).
If my mom likes you you’re gonna stay with me till the end
Calling all actors and actresses #Family Feud Music Video
It’s either be warm or be cute Bc looking like a marshmallow isn’t cute but It’s toasty
You don't know what I feel inside!!!!
Because you'd take a million bullets for her but she won't take one for you.
need a new layout and friends dm me!!
Some of the episodes were interesting but felt little bland. I like the final Z.E.R.O. Though.
I have to meet Marcus mariota
What if YOONGI has to sacrifice himself in order to save everyone e l s e #B T Soutcast D4
Imagine this : You and this guy have been dating for a few months
I knew I should have blew a tree before bed, this is my second day struggling to get sleep... #I Have To Stop Mixing Pills
Yeah i don’t think ima fall through with my plans
When Ciara said “but right now it’s killing me cause I have to find someone else when all I wanted was you” boyyyyy I felt that on a spiritual level.
I hear you talk about we a lot, oh you speak French now
Pacers x Bulls no League pass e Wizards x Bucks no SporTV. Simbora
You definition what find is, I'm the definition what grind is
Welcome To Y E E T V I L L E!
My body is a temple. Whoever made it was a shit engineer because it's breaking.
LIKED AND FOLLOWE, I feel drunk but that's homosexual.
THIS IS GETTING CREEPY AF #B T Soutcast D4
Trust fucked up & I still trust Heart fucked up & I still love ...
Not a Rams fan, but pulling for them !
Literally photography is my favorite thing to do
You know you’re Bestfriend when you dance together while eating to music
I wish I liked jewellery more. I pick out nice stuff for people but I hardly even wear my own watches
That hu n doll is mighty tempting>< At this rate i might not be able to go to j i s o o’s fanmeet.
All he likes to do is sleep on me lol
i was googling pictures of spoons so i could get the shadows right to paint it but i forgot i have a spoon in my h o u s e
yeontan and min holly are the ones behind this # b t sou t cast
I want to be the Bachelorette. But instead of men it's 29 dogs and I keep all of them.
If that nigga play crazy in the school imma make his ass stand into the wall
Why is Aidan GROWLING like DMX?!?! # e a s t e n d e r s
That stupid fucking video now made me panicky enough that I had to call someone because I got afraid. Haven't felt that in a while.
Let somebody tell me I look like Fantasia again
So this female got beef with me thinking I want her man NO SIS, he talk to my gay guy cousin told you don’t try my relationship. putting y’all men on punks all 2k18
The Xan dealers are gonna be making a killing tonight with the Jags first playoff game in 10 years tomorrow.
I hope the falcons lead by 21 at halftime and end up losing
And baaack to the ball games!
So excited about service in the morning I can’t stand it! #The L I F E #Vision Month #New Sermon Series #You Are Welcometocomefellowship
Y’all sleeping on the underdogs in the NFL . Titans ? Who expected them to win . Lmao
psalms is such a beautiful chapter
My new employer just paid for my Rosetta Stone for me to jump back into Spanish. With my past history and practicing daily I should be fluent conversationally in 4 months. So fucking dope
Bruins hurting Canes.... brutal game when it's 5-1 with 37 mins to play
Engine2 Ladder1 BOX ALARM 1/6/2018 8:04PM LEXIES EXETER 56 LINCOLN ST #Exeter Fire N H
Jordan Brown drills a 3 pointer to tie it up 24-24 with a minute left in the 2nd qt.
Need some head last time I got that it was all teeth.
the world is truly unfair and cruel
'stable genius' not a very hot wu tang name
Hold on so the one who were texting yoongi wasnt hoseok ??
I occasionally feel pleasant song and with an apple is to nine ladies suddenly by her beauty of them in fashionable traffic,just
I got a lot of chores done today, including renewing my library card and de-mildewing my shower curtain.
True or False? TMJ pain is triggered at Chuck E. Cheese. True!
I wanted to go to my bar tonight for wings, but nah the way how its dead cold outside, its not even worth it no more
"They say that in the past, Gyarados would appear and leave blazing ruins in its wake." Welcome to the past... >:O
I faked kicked my friend in the balls today and he said “you can’t do that, my girlfriend took my balls the day i asked her out.” I just about died of laughter.
Did you ever wanted? Did you wanted It bad....
Give me a T Give me a I Give me a D Give me a E Give me a P Give me a O Give me a D Give me a S What’s that spell??
# Ray ad os vs # Morel i a is on #Liga M X and Jonathan González is back on duty ... 27 appearances with this in all competitions in a calendar year
Reek had bout yds worth of drops
I'm not white I don't have to wash my hair every other day to once a week... I wash it went it's dirty... I don't produce sebum like you do... That's where the dog smell comes from... But you'll see that as racist
Left cheek - right cheek - forehead - nose - chin - lip kisses, pahabol dayun nga tight hug. Awwwe ilysm
Cop: Please step out of your car. Me: I'm too fucked up. You get in.
We can create a society where psychiatric conditions don't mean that you're "sick" or have limited access to various life experiences. And we can still impose reasonable expectations, e.g. don't abuse people.
I put so many ppl on to cotton candy faygo man
It sucks watching all my friends drink and i can’t
Al Michaels, thank you for explaining what the playoffs are.
SIII POR FIN E PODIDO LEER BTS OUTCAST
We went to see The Shape Of Water, and as the lights came up over the silent theater, one woman's voice lifted, sobbing, "It was just... so... good!"
Kujura, Kujura, let down yo hair no really can I brush it please? it looks so soft and silky I wanna touch it
Y’all know that wedding scene in Madeas Family Reunion? We were watching it and my sister said compared to it her wedding was gonna look like a birthday party at Chuck E Cheese
Why do they have so many mulattoes playing Blacks in commercials & movies?
I need some Adderall for this next semester
Me: you can't just sniff those... E: why? Me: ... Cuz you have to color with them... You can't just sniff them ?! E: but they smell good! Oh boy.
Where was ya'll Titan Fans at when Chris Johnson was the only Good Player?
So now it’s time for last years runner ups to play that team that James Corden and the TLOU crew were once cheerleaders for. #A T Lvs L A R
Yup. And as long as everyone's happy, there's no harm done.
Throw the records out!! Let the shoulder pads do the talking #Rise Up #In Brotherhood
someone help me make an NPC talk when E is pushed next to it
I love that the NFL is becoming more competitive and less predictable it makes games so much more enjoyable.
Does Chanel West Coast actually think everything is THAT funny?
How bout in 2 years Bengals can get Andy Reid. He can't win a playoff game either. TITANS..ARE YOU KIDDING ME..TITANS.....
#B T Soutcast D4 mA BOIS GOT S N A T C H E D
We half and half or none at all
Rough first half for Trae Young. Part of the growing process. But another part is overcoming adversity like this and making adjustments.
Real question to my # Chiefs fans out there: would you rather be a Cleveland Browns fan with terrible regular seasons? Or A Chiefs fan with all our Postseason failures. Honest question cause I’d listen to both sides
I remember when I was little I use to love Avatar!!! Like the cartoon show and now come to find out there’s a movie!! that’s what I’m watching lol
The fact that I haven’t been able to stop thinking about Pop Team Epic all day, which says a lot about its success.
in case you didn't know: i'm have depression
Just realized the importance of my aqua rising in being a child of the stars b y e
Comecei a assistir the end of the f***ing world e to gostando
I'm tired of listening to game of survival I used to think it was cool but damn bitch I sure hate it now it's e v e r y w h e r e
Hill just pulled down his pants and started urinating all over Reid's unconscious body. Hill then said to his teammates, "Andy Reid? more like Andy PEED". Everybody laughed.
How y’all think hoseok knew whom was there mans B E E N chilling just waiting on yoongi stupid ass to fall the trap
There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed.
I’d rather listen to Kodak Blacks dumbass than put on anything by Khalid or Russ
Wake up, bitch! Or I'll chop off your balls!
Jana’e large sleep on me. Got my arm dead af. But if I move I’m a fake friend so ima tough it out.
I’m bored asf. I’m tryna do something. Go to the movies. Go bowling. Go out to eat. Go to a bar. Shiitttt i don’t care. Who tryna do something.?
cause i got issues and you got them too
unfortunately, kaito kid did not show up on the episode's part one. i need to wait another week to see him. noooooo.
I almost forget my congee has been bubbling away for like 40 minutes
somebody toucha my S P A G H E T
Whew, I'd rather watch football than someone trying to win some next rising star contest. GO NFL!!!
#Resolutions Guaranteed To Fail Me not drinking beer Yeah... Not gonna happen
Touched down in CA and it got me sweatin
How you going lie to me!
Supposed to be getting my tattoo next month but ion know what to get
just because an artist is taking risks musically... doesn't mean the content is good
I was still in my stripper suit.
I got ALL this hair for nothing don’t nobody pull my shit
is canes really what it’s hyped up to be???
I will always be a fucking perfect customer even if the service sucks because biiiiitch have I been there.
I’m just so angry right now
A Saturday night eating chips & queso, rewatching Shameless by M Y S E L F
Savouring e v e r y second of this peaky blinders finale
I was scraping off what last little bit of jalapeño ranch I could onto my chip from chuys and cam had the audacity to compare me to a crack head looking for the last little bit of a crack rock on the street, I am offended
lemme be ya homie &' ya bestfriend.
Can someone please send some music my way
Man women from the southern region of Africa have really great skin. Must be the water down there.
This next game is gonna be good. I bet the Falcons are going to lose this one #N F L Playoffs
My life’s bare eventful I must say
KMBC9 really sticking it to Chiefs fans with that chyron.
Don’t got no one to smoke w so I’m just not going to I miss my friends from home already
I think i like them with their higher voices than their lower ones ???
Acne is my worst enemy All you clear bitches better really REALLY appreciate that shit!!!
We got her a camera , look LOL so random
the picture quality probably does it no favours but trust me its bad
I wanna block every nigha in my phone.
Told y’all chiefs was gon fuck that money up. They’re a horrible 2nd half team
I am brave, I am bruised I am who I'm meant to be, this is me # golden globes # the greatest showman
Do what comforts u ... not what comforts them
Is the iPhone X worth it ??
Just because you just had a new baby doesn’t mean that you can’t do things.. why did you have a 3 kid when you can’t take care of your 2 first ones?
HOW DID I L I V E YEA IM DIZZY BUT IM OKAY
Laid down for a nap at 1230p... Woke up at almost 5p. Last night I slept from 8-10 and 1030p to 7am. I knew I was exhausted.
I was on the fence for awhile about this new N.E.R.D. album but the more I listen to it the more I like it you gotta be in the right mood for it
"Better a witty fool than a foolish wit"
except im in l o v e with living
|| Anyway, is there anything I'm not failing at? Even my latest reads have been disappointing af. So, yeah... Good time to ask for book recs.
I don't care for the club I just want to be a house wife and live a great life with my kids
I gotta go to Zumiez when I get back to the burg
//*throws sparkles onto the TL* y’all ever get in the mood to write angst cause I’m over here feeling it like shulk rn
Nothing like a coach that goes against what’s been working on the biggest stage. Gotta love it.
If I’ve been nothing but loyal to you as a friend and you go on social media saying I have no one fuck friends then it’s fuck you P E R I O D
"Yo bro real shit thanks for hookin it up" *sneakily hands me a halls*
These FCKniggas HATE when you don’t need they ass
Anybody wanna make me a free header I’ll give you a s/o
I been washing all damn dayyyyyy
❝Junko's only 19 years old and she already has honkers as big as Camilla's, what in the absolute fuck.❞
Beat:C2, SUSPICIOUS PERSON at 18XX BLOCK OF E MADISON ST reported on 1/6/2018 4:39 PM, Call# 18000007017
Beat:C3, ALACAD - RESIDENTIAL BURGLARY (FALSE) at 30XX BLOCK OF E HOWELL ST reported on 1/6/2018 4:38 PM, Call# 18000007080
Beat:E1, ASSAULTS, OTHER at 2XX BLOCK OF BROADWAY E reported on 1/6/2018 4:35 PM, Call# 18000007025
I THINK ITS NAMJOONSJDNDND BC NAMJOON WAS ALLOWED TO BREAKTHROUGH AND STUFF PERO AT THE SAM E TIME IDK WHAT THE FUCK IS HAPPENING
IM CRYING !!! DONT MESS WITH ME NOW IS HE THE REAL HOSEOK !!!!!!!!!!! IDK WHOS HOSEOK ANYMORE
ok mayyyybe not all boys want to break my heart...maybe
I would really like to see these people who are complaining about the wash being closed work outside in 0 degree weather and see how awful it is. People are unbelievable. Newsflash: WATER FREEZES.
I just need some tattoo therapy and i’ll be okay
MY BIRTHDAY IS IN A WEEEEEEEK
people that name drop people that you don't know in conversation???
lmaooooo the way niggas lie just kills me
Lmfaooooo aye tonight finna be lit
Work'n on a kontrakt Now that will make MF's financially responsible for wasting my Time!!!! & I'm paying $250 to a Lawyer to make it fully legally Binding!! Don't sign I won't Fuck wit u. To much weird shit from lame niggas in my State
"My dad made a cameo in boku no pico,what did your dad do,huh?" "your dad wears camo and that’s som e big accomplishment to you"
“Back in the Box” how to avoid the post holiday blues or as Matty says “Bluegrass Blues” - Sunday 9:30 & 11 AM
I will never do that. But that’s beautiful
I'm your gall and your my feller
I TOLD YALL HE WAS LYINGGGGGFGF H WAS LYINGG SINCE THE E BRGINGJGJFGG
Oklahoma strugglin right now wit WVa
Noone at all Permitted to fish P O S T E D sorry but this includes you Chicken Man
netflix has asked me twice if i’m still watching so i’d say it’s been a pretty productive day
to your BS that universe's version of history, it's the American stop praising them anymore please lose one was alright. Corporations are
Couldn’t even get a field goal
quick "i want to d*e" tweet
Our president is like, really smart
Scraping ice off my car like some kind of yankee # b o m b c y c lone 2018
Saving mula starts next week lols # so late
# h t raw a # prompt 29 There was a party, upstart to the new year, poetry pirates stealing from his written legacy.
My aunt really thinks I need to clean up my social media’s but I’m like why..... ughhh being a roll model sucks
i'm gona smash my face off my desk in a minute
IM SO CONFUSED W MY REPLIES. W H I N E S.
Pics from late eighties/early nineties with my Shug, Jessi Foxworthy
if i had to measure the excitement and the needed conditions were reality then i probably would have had a boner all through watching room no 7 bc of ksoo
The very peculiarity of our national destiny, in a moral point of view, calls upon us not only not to be behind but to be even foremost, in intimate acquaintance with Oriental languages and institutions. —E.E. Salisbury to Yale faculty, 1848
i neeedd. to talk to somebody pleas e
I just watched the Unicorn Gold spray ad and laughed for five minutes when the guy said "we had an e-poo-phany" so that's my Saturday night.
Please change here for the Sobu Line local service, Hibiya Subway Line and Tsukuba Express Line.
Had a brill night at the work do
Low key wanna get a tatt for Cudi how I did for N*E*R*D just bc Cudi is equally as influential to me but idk what I’d get.
I’m not ready for the chicken episode I feel like I’ve seen too much already and shouldn’t be eating it lol # R o t ten
JEONSOMI_INTL: [HQ] 160930 at KBS Music Bank. Cr: maengle_e
If u don’t believe NFL players gamble on games.. just watch Darrelle Revis game he played tonight
It's # S v en go o lie time! Tonight's creature feature is # G o d z ill a
I TOLD YALL TO FUCKING UNSYNC BUT YALL NEVER LISTEN TO ME #B T Soutcast D4
Crackheads really can do everything.... because they intensely believe in themselves and their abilities.
talk is fuckin cheap, seeing is worth believing
And a shout out to whoever was in charge of the hair department. His wig was fantastic.
Took a shot with my momma # bonding
Why is it so expensive just to freaking live
20h ClovervilleWX: Temp. 10.9 °F, Hum. 77 %, Bar. 30.56 inHg, Rain 0 in, Wind 1.3 mph E # Weather cloud
Sacred flow by T.Y.E is slept on
i h8 the fucking Chiefs lollll
trying to be in that mood: e.e
TOP TIER GIRL GROUP #I Like That #SISTAR #씨스타
A Japanese restaurant called “Respect Wok” that only plays Pantera and has Logan Paul’s face at the bottom of every toilet
Looking back at all my snaps... and wow 2017 was wild thank you to those that made it a memorable year!
If you feel disrespected - Tell Me That's not the point! But fools never understand that
I should just go to bed
KC is jinxed. Whether Marty Schottenheimer, A.Reid, A.Smith or E.Grbac... they are so snake bitten in the post-season. Geez, and I'm no big fan of Mariota. Tenn. to me, a very weak WC participant. That's the way the cookie crumbles.
I forgot how hard of an album Watch the Throne is!!! Oh my!!!
19h Johnson County Graphic: Temp. 35.8 °F, Hum. 44 %, Bar. 30.37 inHg, Rain 0 in, Wind 6.5 mph E # Weather cloud
Shit really opened my eyes. I needed that
Just finding out Mike Huckabee has a late night show on TBN with an announcer and a country band, what is this?!? # f o o l i s h n e s s # why
To the people who still count their drinks like it’s a game when they are out, fuck you go home
HAHAHAHA as if naman we don't follow each other e no miss u Leo emu papayna
You know you've been going to the same hotel for too many years when your as excited to see the woman who usually takes care of your room as you would be to see a friend you haven't seen for a long time. # mom away from home # road life # same show every year
Moms bought me a new Chiefs hoodie. I was planning on wearing it for next weeks game. Life came fast.
I just find shit like that humors and in a sick af level. Cuz I myself is sick af lol
Down goes Ames. Down goes Ames. We'll see how long Sully and Jinx stick around.
Gunna be dropping way more music this year. This whole waiting shit ain’t for me anymore
That hash have me asking my bf to do a 3 some with Cardi b
Sometimes you gotta be humbled before you truly get what you want
I like Todd Gurley...Issa wrap tho
So like Fake Hoseok took REAL HOSEOK and JIMIN :((
Focus by H.E.R really is my anthem right now maaaan!!!
Do I not destroy my enemies when I make them my friends? – Abraham Lincoln
BotW Developers: We need to give something more to the players after completing Champion’s Ballad Some guy on the street: Yeah can you believe I got a motorcycle for my birthday? BotW Developers: P E R F E C T
It's funny to see how hard my dad tries to make me happy when I'm in a fucked up mood. Love him
Trae Young: 7 pts (2-7 FG) 2 rebotes e 3 asts
17h Chelan Highlands: Temp. 34.2 °F, Hum. 94 %, Bar. 30.27 inHg, Rain 0.08 in, Wind 0.9 mph E # Weather cloud
Like they would never eat tomato, pasta and bean soup but I call it pasta e fagiole or even freaking pizza soup and then give them cheese to put on it and it's a hit
Gotta give credit where it’s due, Mariota played a hell of a game
Everybody loveeee saying niggas ain’t shit but bitches ain’t shit either
I want macaroni and cheese so bad
eu amo muito stranger things e the end of the fucking world sera que da p entende pfff
Okay I still got the powerball tonight... it'll all even out!
If you ever feel doubtful just ask yourself "would Lana Del Rey do it?" cuz hell yeah she would
“r e i n v e n t y o u r s e l f”
Hill just stood over Reid's body and yelled, "YOU FAT FUCK, YOUR PLAY CALLING COST US THE GAME BITCC". The other # Chiefs players are applauding him.
tbH b****en tay***is annoying like all *e does is complain ab views and clickbait
Why is "dreams" rhyming with "memes"? C O I N C I D E N C E?""""
The countries of the West, including our own, have been largely indebted to the East for their various culture; the time has come when this debt should be repaid. —E.E. Salisbury to Yale faculty, 1848
And by that I hit 1K, I can announce what I'm gonna be doing.
U guessed it am most defos feeling sorry for myself
Oh so it’s gonna be one of those games for Nova isn’t it
Why did I put an apostrophe before the S...?
sean mcdonough’s call is just as great as mike breen in game 6 lmfao
I really can’t wait until I’m out of this house!! Like my last weekend here I need to work the whole weekend...
any sugar daddys out there that would like to buy me sold out trixie mattel tickets for belfast xoxoxo
♪You are the ocean's gray waves, destined to seek life beyond the shore, just out of reach♪
Euna did not have a need to sleep in the past. But the environment on Earth had a certain effect on the angel part of her.
Can’t wait for the falcons to catch this L
“The Disaster Artist” is a hoot. James Franco is so good in it. He managed to make this very weird and odd character utterly endearing.
i cant even toast coz i miss you the most
They're really playing My Heart Will Go On
Ion use GPS so I can't tell if I'm on the road to riches or the highway to hell
My neighbor bought himself a brand new tractor. Ive been singing big green tractor every time i look over lol its actually orange
I'm convinced good pussy makes guys bipolar
Did my makeup and decided to watch friends, "the one Rachel has a baby" while I wait for my friend and now I'm trying to hold back the tears and baby fever
Im so surprised the chiefs suffered another first round exit. So. Surprised.
WATCH Kevin McCarthy laughs when tRump says Its Hillary Clinton & Dems. who are Colluding with Russia. McCarthy swore to God that tRump & Dana R (CA) were on Putin's Payroll. Hope he brought his Own Food & drinks to Camp David! Trump says he would
I rather be alone with my mans.
Statement of the day for # Ham a countryside: # Syria All gains retaken by #HTS #FSA are falling back into the hands of # As sad army. Fighting continue on the village of # K a f r i ya . #Tiger_Forces are at the gates of Sinjar city! # Idle b
Todos amam!! PLAY ANAHI ON SPOTIFY
2018, we stoppin at the yellow lights
Wish I did a few things different in life
Just need some reassurance n cuddled ):
every time i turn around i gotta pay for something for class. INCLUDE EVERY SINGLE FEE IN MY TUITION. PLEASE AND THANK YOU. sincerely, an annoyed college student.
CITY — Sevener of the 10 nigh ecocnomic U.DUE SOUTH. infirmary are nonprofits, by contemporary check, including only in Town, Algonquian, where infirmary excise dispensation are bicephalous representing a disputative homage struggle that presently could end if e...
We’ve played tough close games all year, it hasn’t always been fun but I have to believe this team has just been building mental toughness. One game at a time #In Brotherhood #A T Lvs L A R
Oh yeah. No penalty on that helmet to helmet hit. Fuck the refs.
# pop team epic is an amalgamation of pre-YouTube internet animations, and I love it
like this tweet if u hate me
No ar: Yolanda Be Cool e Dcup - We No Speak Americano
so there's rumors of a pristin cb but i was under the impression that they'd come back when kyla was better, so is she better now?
That one person, you You are my only love My heart can’t let you go Just as much as I love you Each minute and each second hurts so much
(Wave) SWELL: 3.6 ft at 14.8 s NNW / WIND WAVE: 4.3 ft at 6.2 s E / WVHT: 5.6 ft / APD: 6.0 s / MWD: 93° / 8:40p AST
can we go back to switch era to see again T H E masterpiece aka mark's black hair thank you
all i gotta say is these niggas better not fuckin die. none of them. N O N E.
I’m clearing my block list.... I only use it cuz I like mind fucking people lol
....there is just one thing that I really want from my wishlist
Still can’t believe that 100 mil for Gruden...
I’m doing all of this to buy my mama the house she’s never had. A home she can call her own. I love you Mom.
know your worth, you are so much deeper than anyone's perception
i need my lakers to do sum fr now
I cannot be a half ass friend , I was not built that way. I spoil people not only with materialistic things but with unconditional love & support.. I’m selfless to the max.
Chad went from 700 followers to 1300+ in like three days
Holy fucking shit at this weather... 43° end me now plz
someon e come over and dance with me
#POLL Do you believe trump is a # stab leg en u is ? Please Vote and RT # T rump
Eventually everyone turns out exactly how they said they never would
#STARWARSTHELASTJEDI #IMAX 3D AGAIN. I said what I said.
Still a strong believer in ‘No good deed goes unnoticed’
St. Louis Blues :: Stanley Cup #Chiefs Nation :: Lombardi Trophy
sometimes I wish I didn't have this job because ever since I got it I wasn't able to get online at the same time as senpai so we stopped talking as much as we used to
Patrick Mahomes is nothing without Andy Reid. Keep Andy for at least another year so we can eliminate the Alex Smith variable from the equation.
Late arriving crowd in L.A.? Or no one cares and a half-full house? Pathetic. #N F L Wild Card Weekend #A T Lvs L A R #NFL
I wanna be like suo/jiku but i cant even bring myself to do cell sha d e
They probably chose the owl as their symbol because it is SUPER quiet in flight not because it's wise...beware of those who are too silent
t hehre ar e memberS who can speak japanese .
(You must really be wiped out. Not that I blame you, getting wrapped up in all this.) (Hee hee! Looks like it's time to quiiietly...geeently...hold your nose!)
"They cheated the Chiefs" Niggas was up 21-3 lmao foh
Just woke up & lol I wanna diiiiiiiie.
Need even more motivation to use up spuds.
Get money act broke that’s the motto I apply by
I apologise to everyone who is now just being spammed with me bitching about feeling ill
Intervalo: Pistons 57-58 Rockets Chris Paul: 8 pts e 8 ast
Been waiting for a Titans postseason win for years. Go Titans! #Titan Up
I have a bet on the Georgia & Alabama game ,
The next couple of days going to be bad for the state of Georgia lol
Great to wake up and read we’ve done Stoke in the FA Cup 3rd round! Hope the form continues in the chase for promotion! #PUSB # c c f c #Hong Kong
Wow, I was really not expecting that. I've been disappointed by the Titans for many years, but today, all the fans can be proud. Twas one hell of a game.
I’m still not gonna be a titans fan but I’ll cheer for them...
Chiefs should he proud they hold a record , for most losses at home in the playoffs . Everyone knew this was coming
Ma$e be tiring my ass out. Lil dude don’t ever get tired lol
this year im keeping my distance from "men" y'all are t r o u b l e
|| I'm trying to finish a chapter of one of my Wattpad stories and I'm failing so bad it's actually funny.
If Andy Reid coached Alabama this year they wouldn't be Bowl Eligible.
All the rams gotta do is run that shit 25-30 times wit todd
Alex smith and whoever we draft? Only right cleveland
Ask me how shitty my luck is lately... Lol
Vintage e Illusionize me surpreenderam nos sons
Music groups whose thing is "basic ass social justice" I don't listen to Cause it's so boring to me, or annoying
Awakening from a freight, lost in the mid of night, sweat beading on his brow. # De scribe to me
If that is the level that you are providing how can you try to use your ignorance to degrade me
Lets not front. The B E A R S suck
Need a outfit for black panther next month
Take me back to the night we met !
Oh my goodness, # Chiefs WR Tyreek Hill just punched Andy Reid in the locker room. Reid is on the floor unconscious.
Working out, boxing, mma, martial arts - nothing can prepare you for me... You don't know how I'm coming G O D
"Malf, you could've cleansed the MC but you went E build" there are so many things wrong with this statement. For the record I went w w w TD (then we lost before more talents :) )
Thermal socks are actually the one
Sleep a kill me and I gotta go get ready for oomfs send off party
a year ago around this time i was the happiest girl alive
Wellll now I’m going for the Titans
gilles o w e l followed you
In the U.S. and Canada have become ill from a dangerous strain of E. coli bacteria Sign the petition: Tell the FDA to provide guidance to the public about the romaine lettuce risk.
the epitome of Saturday night entertainment
DO YOU WANT TO PLAY A GAME NE ULAN TESTERE GİBİ
Why do i feel like this will end like saw movies?? #btsoutcast D4
"I'm gonna do myself a favor and stay away from junko and her despairs for a long, long while."
So my mom's watching figure skating and one of the female skaters had the biggest wedgy I felt really bad for her but good for her for not picking it on live television.
me: Hmmm I should follow some literary agents to learn more about publishing and get query tips and such. me: *follows literary agents who tweet a lot about feminism and diversity*
& my shirt .. that bih sooo fye
I don’t have much time! V O T E !
I never dissected any pigs or anything in high school but my mom to say I have to go to die.
FUCK THE TITANS THAT WAS A FUMBLE WE SHOULD H A V E GOTTEN THOSE TWO MOTHER. FU CK IGN POIKYS
Hey if you don’t like to drink that’s cool, I respect that and won’t try to make you. But don’t act better than people who do. This goes both ways.
hello all , not to dissapoint but this isn’t Peter and it hasn’t been for the last few days. I’m his brother, and i’ll be posting positive messages and such, as he would. much L O V E as he would say
remember popstar to operastar?? what a bangin show
This Tanduay Therapy must be done every hour.
It’s been 3 days now, wrist, when are you gonna stop being sore
If you send me a blank screen on Snapchat your getting left on open.
"what's your favorite genre of music?" "soundcloud rap"
I guess whenever I crave a soda I’ll get Kombucha
Y’all won’t wife a hoe why mess with one? Temporary feelings I know
Back in the day it was “ Win some U Lose some “ nowadays ni99as lose 1 then wanna shoot some
So yeah, the grass is greener where u water it :) Taft is far from perfect but idk where else u can live in the metro with this much culture, leisure, history, urban convenience PLUS a large body of water to stare at than here
ALL "READ THE PROBLEM with some of them. S.E.X and get a finger. I told Mark my ideas rather than Wade and like mine.
I love park ji min, bye.
Two can keep a secret if one of them is dead.
I forgot football was on today. SMH.
fuXK OFF YOU PIECE OF SHIT
ima make Darius get Timmy Chan i want a general tso
Okay twitter help me decide on Kennedy’s 1st Birthday invites. Pictures in reply to this thread
^THINGS RUINED HERE? MY ID FRAUDED FOR 17+ BY INDIO^FBI+DISTRICT+ATTORNEY? SINCE THE YEAR 2000?¿ WHEN THEY CALLED ME AND SAID THEY DISCOVERED A ID FRAUD PROBLEM?¿
someone come over i got fast internet lets have a LAN party
somebody need bring me some food
Mummy of Medieval Child Reveals Oldest Evidence of Deadly Hepatitis B Infection
finna be a long ass fucking night
hi guys just an update i'm currently wheezing because it's so hot and i feel like im gonna die
A dark skin good smelling man pretty white teeth
dillon francis is my favorite thing
ready for my shoes to come
Chiefs blow a 21-3 lead. Wtf! #T E Nvs K C
Justin posted a hot shirtless picture of himself showing off his fully done sleeve as his first ig post of the year 2018 is going great
Kio Always seen being alone with books in library..is reading books too long will make your eyes damaged? e w e
Haven’t even had much of a appetite this week
When I scroll down thru memories on my snap I be like damn wtf happen everything was fun it was lit, together as group but shit went left and ghost
lexi: how do you spell rossiter me: r-o-s-s-i-t-e-r lexi: oh like rotisserie chicken
Me and my kids got the prefect relationship
my back is in s h a m b l e s h e l p
I didn't even know that Johnny was supposed to be gone. # e a s t e n d e r s
My coworker that “hates” me was in charge of secret Santa (don’t ask me why we’re doing secret Santa in January) so she sent the info email to everyone but me but jokes on her bc I’m her Santa
My WiFi is p**sing me off so bad rn like it keeps saying It won’t load anything and I don’t have enough data
It's been like a week since the last time I saw CMBYN and I really... miss it? Is it possible to miss a movie?
on the bright side my ben/rex fic has gotten more attention than i had expected
can’t wait to e a t
I obviously need antibiotics but I'm also afraid of being responsible for the creation of resistant bacteria.
Cant wait until the Falcons blow a big lead to cap off my night. Will be epic.
Scientists are out here fucking with every natural thing on earth and y’all wonder why everything is extinct, dying and disappearing!
Hate that feeling that you get something stuck in your teeth and you have to floss to get it out
Yah I’m weak bt I gotta stay strong
THEY'RE GOING TO MAKE US CHOOSE I'M TELLING YALL. "YOU CAN SAVE ONLY ONE: JIMIN OR HOSEOK". I AM HAVING Z E R O OF IT
I just came here to greet everyone. Hi! Have a great day
The devil been on my ass today I need a drink!
Wind 0 km/h E. Barometer 985,7 hPa, Rising slowly. Temperature 15,0 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 87%
Have you ever seen pretty little liars?
I wonder ... but let me get out my head before I wonder incorrectly and mess myself up .
I love jung ho seok, bye.
On this episode of ill fight taehyung to the death
I’m at the H-E-B Center to catch the Texas Stars finish off a four-game homestead against the Bakersfield Condors. Puck drop in about 5 mins. # t x stars
I'm not obstructing shit if I'm trying to get references and all I run into is a bunch of subliminal b.s preventing me from doing something that had nothing to do with you b.s.
I just need to survive January.
Don't take too long, and watch out for space critters.
Lol walking out the door now
1st Sunday of 2018, God's Morning, have a bless sunday ahead
Mark Bisson - Palm -... on E. J. - I Don't Know - RMG Music Grp (Cosmic Disco-Classic Funky Club-Tribal Hse) - Great vocal! (10/8)
MY COMPUTER STARTED TO FUCKING GLITCH AND I GOT SCARED AS FUCK BC OF OUTCAST HOEEEEEE I WAS ABOUT TO SMASH THE SHIT OUT OF MY LAPTOP
I have a nameless pet fox. his fur is real white and he has heterochrome eyes just like mine~ I guess I'm going to name him Suzu, from my full name Suzuno Echo.
Ion even feel sori for em they should’ve stayed with they foot on the gas
I masturbated in a call to Boggle
So, abang hensem? Lol seriously? Kejam. I jumped from e to d for a reason ok. But not that reason.
Go Titans!!! Survive and Advance!!! A great team win!!!
Hi sfm please stop crashing on me
Congratulations Omar for 400k God bless kiss kiss
FINALLY have a working phone again...in enough time to watch some Duke basketball and Supercross tonight
Lol I really just fucked up my phone
I recovered the file because i gIVE ZERO SHITS LEAVE ME ALONE
Just in one of those moods where I wanna cover my up flabby legs and stomach in baggy clothes
I’m never cold in halls but I’m shivering so I must be ill
“Come pick me up.” His slow ass take 12 years.
PUMP UP THE JAM PUMP IT UP
Water Temp:9.5 °C, Avg Wind:7kts, Gust Dir:78 °(E), Wave Height:0.5m, Wave Period:3s, Gust:17kts at 07/01/2018 01:01:00
Water Temp:9.6 °C, Avg Wind:13kts, Gust:18kts, Wind Dir:56 °(NE), Gust Dir:74 °(E) at 07/01/2018 01:00:00
Avg Wind:18kts, Gust:28kts, Wind Dir:94 °(E), Gust Dir:34 °(NE), Water Temp:7.4 °C at 07/01/2018 01:00:00
Avg Wind:18kts, Gust:24kts, Wave Height:0.9m, Wind Dir:84 °(E), Gust Dir:94 °(E), Water Temp:9.4 °C at 07/01/2018 01:00:00
Avg Wind:25kts, Gust:29kts, Wind Dir:74 °(E), Gust Dir:76 °(E) at 07/01/2018 01:02:00
If Chelsea don’t cash out on lemar or mahrez or Vidal bro
Haters are Haters. Hate them the way they hate you and stay positive with your hustle because e go pay one day. Sooner than they thought. # Just know
There’s just simply no excuse to have a 21-3 lead, and at the end of the game Kareem Hunt has 11 carries. E l e v e n.
Once you've awakened the warrior within...It never sleeps again. You crave even bigger tensions, ever bigger thrills.
Is there a real live Hitch somewhere?
taking shots of cough syrup like i’m pledging a fraternity.
Apparently I’m not the only one who had no idea that Revis was playing for the Chiefs.
New cancel animation for riven using hexflash di na need E para mag doublecast nice
"The more chocolat in the cookie, the sweeter the cookie" - Jessie Woo
I’m a completely different person now than I was a year ago.. Fuck w/ me.
Bought Tanduay to calm my throat. Ate at the corner store was silently judging me.
whether they're really here or not
Mad random but if Dmx said he was pursuing being a pastor and then came back like 2 yrs later and rapped. Would y’all treat him like y’all do ma$e?
That was one of the dumbest movies I’ve ever seen What a waste of 2 hours
The chiefs just blew that big lead smh
An hour of work > dragon ball super > 2 hours of work...
Lol who’s # 2 on West Virginia??
GUYS. WHAT IF THE OTHER PLAYER IS US? I MEAN THERE'S SO MUCH GOING ON AND ANY POSSIBILITIES IN THAT GAME IS POSSIBLE— #B T Soutcast D4
I hear say some show be Make YAWA e be true
Rams x Falcons gonna end like 54-51 huh???
I always go to work 5 minutes before I start why do i do this to myself
Guys swear they hate hoes but like everything a hoe do. How sway?
My boy Carter a dog!!! He came ready for this! LETS GOOOO!!
Never forget: Jesus took great pains to get away from large crowds (e.g., Mk 1:35-45).
I want ****** to nut on my titties
I love kim nam joon, bye.
How u do stuff hel p
My sister is pulling a trivia game and her happy ass decided to click on the arts category. This nigga said “ooh pistachio!”.... She was talking about Picasso.
When you do something to get back at someone, just proves what kind of person you are..
watch ATL covering the +6.0 spread as well, also take the over on 48.0 points
y’all are still so bitter in 2018 ? not m e im high as shit
me at 7 AM:tired me at 12 PM:tired me at 3 PM:tired me at 7 PM: *yawn* tired me at 10 PM:tired me at 2 AM: TIME TO REDECORATE MY ENTIRE ROOM
You best believe that Music City is on riot alert tonight. How bout them # t i t a n s ? Let's go TN
Stand with us just don’t stand in our way! #Rise Up #In Brotherhood
#Jeremy On Asap twitter party in an hour.
Hangout with my friends and drink would be good
Oh what this season could've been for the #Chiefs Kingdom
Whenever I see someone wearing a Chiefs jersey, shirt, or hat I always immediately think to myself that they are dimwits. Also, I don’t care about football. Supercross starts at 9 on Fox Sports 1.
I’M HURT ASF ! until next year #Chiefs Kingdom
Bitch if you mad then jumpp
WHY DOES IT KEEP TAKING THE OTHER CHARACTERS?!? ANSKSSKQSSKAKQIS #B T Soutcast D4
Pathobiont: organism that has the potential to cause disease under certain cirumstances. e.g C Diff causes disease when microbiota perturbed
ai mas eu queria tanto uns lives de swan song, religion e the blackest day
I love jeon jung kook, bye.
well my car is officially fucked and undriveable.
been feeling good asf outside all day
“Every time I look at him, I see a boy I love and a fucking stranger.”
I’m really over this shit fr honestly.
in the early years of this decade netflix made all of the people that spent hundreds of dollars on tv seasons feel really stupid
Don't be so thirsty geez man
Typical.. Arkansas gets hot in a major sport then starts to shrivel away.
i'm so down with my sickness.
I just drew Kylo for Alex and its legitimately awful
Hate texting so much just to many problems when texting people i prefer calling
Your MCM is lighting lollipop flavoured candles on snap and calling it a major key.
It seems that Johnny-sama has enough power to stop trains and erupt volcanoes é_è! It's scary T-T
ive been listening to kanye for weeks straight and honestly im blessed
i just wanna flush the paul brothers down the toilet is that too much to ask
To make subtext outright text: Disabled comrades should be a part of any M4A campaign and if your response to feedback to that effect is to dismiss them as cops or w/e that's a problem!
swear i hate this being cold shit, my knee hurting so bad
I love min yoon gi, bye.
Whoever disrespects her, will feel my wrath and my fury! G O D
Great game, salute to Titans. Much respect to my brother E wahl.
I knew they was gon loose ! # Chiefs is ASS
At K.E.C. we also are creating clothing for the ladies also, trust us we're not going to forget about you!! SUPORT the winning team!
He is a good and hard-working archangel. She would like to let him know that by simply closing one's eyes, it counts as resting.
You’ve had too many E numbers the night
3. Words get borrowed constantly. Basic vocabulary is more resilient. Regarding the non-basic vocabulary one could conclude English is Romance not Germanic (12 non-Germanic words so far). Basic vocabulary is still clearly Germanic: E heart D hart E hair D haar E milk D melk
For example, strong and weak verbs in Germanic. This is irregular, the distinction has no grammatical value but is very consistent across Germanic languages E bite / bit / bitten; Dutch bijten / beet / gebeten E live / lived / lived; D leven / leefde / geleefd
i want a rat i miss my rat
I just want to be near the people I love... I’m ready to be done in Muncie.
Lebanese belongs to a bundle of fairly closely related varieties spoken in the Levant and Egypt. We usually call these Egypto-Levantine dialects, and they are mostly mutually intelligible. e.g. Moroccan, Najdi/Gulf and Mesopotamian Arabic are further removed and are not.
Me: Can you hear me? Student: No Me: Really? Student: Yes Uhmmmmm?
# Chiefs QB Alex Smith is sitting at his locker crying and yelling “I FUCKING BLEW IT!! I WANT TO DIE!!”. Several teammates are now consoling him.
Hope everyone going to AGDQ has a good time and a safe trip!
Why would a dead girl lie?
Ppl slap old bay on anything & call it “cajun”
Jk, i don’t leave my house at all.
Hey guys I love dick Grayson did you know that I love dick Grayson because I LO v e dick grays
Wind 7.5 mph E. Barometer 1013.6 hPa, Rising slowly. Temperature 3.1 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 73%
Lol or the Bills can win and we play the Titans
This month and maybe February will be rough (Feb is always rough so w/e) but after I hit the ground from that two month fall I should be able to get up and run. Or at least power walk.
Me: it’s late I should sleep YouTube: “35 weird life hacks that are pure genius” You just never know
i never understand how you can do so much for people and not receive the same amount of at least RESPECT back
Now playing I Fly Away by Min. Monica & Felix E. Findaly!
#Now Playing The Lord Will Make a Way Somehow - Hezekiah Walker & Love Fellowship Choir on # e g i m radio
Can't wait for # T rump to add to Mount Rushmore "The Trimates", i.e. the primatologists Jane Goodall, Biruté Galdikas, & Dian Fossey.
either everyone I talked to last night had a wild gangs of new york style accent or I can't buy that strain any more
I WANT TO GO TO CHUCK E. CHEESE I MUST FIND A RELATIVE THAT HAS A BIRTHDAY PARTY FOR THEIR BABY
So my work husband tryna dateva girl from El Salvador bitch I’m right H E R E
That was easy... Guaranteed a big profit and if either falcons or panthers win then we CRUSH it # this one was easy # o k 2018
Ugh i hate myself I should’ve took my dog for a haircut so I could’ve took good pics of him with his cake
So can we start the Chiefs blew a 21-3 lead stuff now?
People don't even have midlife crises anymore. We have quarter life crises. Childhood crises. Life long crises. Everything is a crisis
Psychology says, when you truly care for someone, their mood can literally affect yours.
Drumline is on e everybody shut the fuck up
I do not leave my house for “ you can come”
CHARLES EDWARD CHEESE HAHAHAHAHA i’m crying
Coaching is part time telling your kids that they’re not as good as they think they are and part time telling them that they can beat anyone on the court
Which I guess says a lot about her when it's the episode when she left lelelel
Watching "Don't Be a Menace to South Central While Drinking your Juice in the Hood"
Remember when the Giants beat the Chiefs?
Aquele momento em que a reese witherspoon grava um instastory com brie larson e com a natalie portman AAAAAAAAAA
If I hear One More Time How Nice is A Bad Thing,I'm Gonna Go Mad!
Am I in love with the character designs or just the fluffy hair?
Report for my station at 1:00 am: Temperature: 3→ Relative humidity: 86→ Pressure: 1021.50→ Wind: 7→ from the E. Daily rain: 0.0.
Okay my throat needs to either chill or be removed. I can't deal with this right now.
This rams-falcons game is gonna be lit son
The energy I give off and my treatment to those I love is one of a kind, it’s all or nothing with me.
Yeah don’t ask me about those 21-3 leads.
Boyfriend ain't feed me all day
Man was bouta cry saying bye to Gruden
Now watching #Sky High because it's 8 o'clock on a Saturday night and I have no friends / absolutely no plans
KC.... another team blowing a huge lead
If young metro don’t trust you ima shoot you ...
I’m watching a Netflix dark comedy about a kid who thinks he’s a sociopath and he dates a girl so he can kill her and instead he kills to protect her and realizes he is not a sociopath just fucked up emotionally from his mother’s suicide.
I love Julio Jones, but I’m rootin’ for Rams in this one. #Rams Nation #Todd Gurley M V P
Auburn knocks off #22 Arkansas to continue the winning streak to 12 games and a back-to-back win over a ranked opponent. #Auburn Bball #War Eagle #Weagle Weagle
i was digging Pinterest and found so many B.A.P I'll share it here
Shit those winds must have been strong on the Hauraki Plains. So many big trees down near Ngatea. Crazy!!
Did Cherry just say the Canucks were still hanging around e playoff hunt? Uhhh…
My coat came but I can’t wear it till I get my boots
During news times, if the price is predicted wrong, it loses only a few pips triggered by a tight stop loss #F X System #F X Robot #India Trader
Also legitimately this is the only time Phi Phi has really inspired me #Drag Race # all stars 2 bring on #All Stars3
You slay me every time but I just can’t quit you. #Chiefs Kingdom
Join me tomorrow for our first service of 2018! Service times are 10:45am and 3:00pm, Perfecting Church, 7616 E. Nevada! #Ministry Means People
When my brother knows i have to do errands in the a.m. and drops off a Wendy’s breakfast platter to me
I highly reccomend playing cards against humanity while intoxicated. Shit is 10x funnier
i need a hug(e amount of money)
When you want something you cant have.....
2018 has so far been sending selfie snaps and people asking which face filter it is .,.
imagine getting jumped and you hear "hold her down I’m finna go get the truck"
I found a girl,beautiful and sweet
Disfrutaremos, Nat. e.e It's a fact.
This toilet so comfortable I forgot I was doing lysha whole sew in
Kyle Korver out here playing H-O-R-S-E
Okay so...it's 5AM and I haven't slept since I've woken up... time to shower
The teams I’m coming up against on Fifa are a joke
Still waiting for Hailey’s shoot with that cowboy hat
Temp: 2.7 C Wind:0.0mph Pressure: 1019.0hpa Rain Today 0.0mm Forecast: Fine weather # beach le y weather
Temp 0.4C. Pressure 1022.4hPa Rising. Wind 2.5km/h E. Rain today 0.0mm. UV index 0. Outlook:Settled fine # crew e # weather
Watch your man , you should watch your mouth
WANNA FIGHT OBESITY! Get the USDA TOO Stop feeding our COWS & CHICKENS CORN! GO BACK TO GRASS & SEEDS... E coli is also a problem with Corn Diets... Feed Chickens seeds & Cows GRASS!!! USDA'S DIRTY LITTLE SECRET... ITS FATTENS THEM & THE PUBLIC!!!
우린 brake it brake it brake it brake it brake it love
Another hour! It's January 07, 2018 at 04:00AM God loves you Prophet Muhammad Peace be upon him Calls you to Paradise
Short $BTCUSD 17325 sl at b/e
*Sitting with Travis' parents* Travis- Gosh my neck hurts bad. Me- what about your back? # my neck my back
Heacham Weather:Temp=3.7C & is Falling.Low=3.7C & high=4.1C.Pressure=1024.6mb & is Rising.Wind=1.6mph E & gust 8.3mph.Rain today=0.0mm.
i’m not gonna lie i miss my twin size bed at murfreesboro
The future is nothing permanent except chance.
#Live P D will be on very soon on #A&E! I am ready for some new #Live P D!
Sunday 7, 2018 8:30 Ride the Beat (45) Scott/Carrie 9:20 R.I.P.P.E.D. (50) Andrea Family Swim 10am to 6pm
I’ve got something to confess. I have a fear of helicopters and there is one outside my house.
Bro, chill you're making a scene. You're disrupting me from high function.
I say Rams win this one by a touchdown.
O Allah, do not disappoint us on the Day we are presented before You to be judged.
He’s been up since 2am and has been smacking himself in the face to stay awake
Private shows and the music blasting. He like to call me peaches when I get this nasty
You’ve got to know the difference between a hater and someone that’s not impressed by the basic shit you do anymore.
The tension between me and my cat is real rn
We use many payment methods to transfer your Cash-Back Rebates, e.g. Bank, PayPal, PerfectMoney, Moneybookers, AlertPay, Credit Card, etc.
Wind 4 km/h E. Barometer 1012,9 hPa, Steady. Temperature 12,2 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 80%
It’s better when you stay out the way...
Wind 0.9 mph E. Barometer 1029.7 hPa, Rising slowly. Temperature 0.6 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 61%
# C le eve Weather: Wind 0.4km/h E. Pres. 1024.0mb Rising. Temp. 0.4C. Rain today 0.0mm Humid. 95% Sun:01:00
I never read or watched devilman so finally I have an excuse to make myself get into the series
There is nothing to catch in the central swamps. #Dwarf Fortress
well i have made two very bad purchases that i cannot cancel so that's how my day is
The weather right now is 2° and partly
I wouldn't be surprised if the Titans won next week too. Mariota showed HIS team he'll literally walk through a wall for them to get a W…
and btw Paige is the nicest Moto wife I’ve ever met.
I just e, in case you were wondering how unstinting is going
19:00 Temp: 54.0 F Chill: 52.0 F Wind:E 6.2 G 11.0 Hum: 69% Bar: 1022.07mb Steady|Rain: Today 0.00", Jan 0.00", 0.00" yr # g t x w x
8:00pm WEST SPRINGFIELD CURRENT CONDITIONS: Temperature 3.7°F, Wind Chill -0.8°F, Dew Point -7.8°F, Humidity 58.0 pct., Wind 2.2mph NNE, Rain 0.0in. # w x #ma w x
Why was Cinderella thrown off the basketball team? She ran away from the ball. # Jo k e #JOTD # Jo k e OfTheDay # l ol # Happy # Fun # P un n y # Life # Saturday Motivation # Saturday Evening # Saturday # Happy Saturday #SS
Wind 0.0 m/s E. Barometer 1020.2 mb, Rising slowly. Temperature 6.1 °C. Rain today 3.6 mm. Humidity 98%
Wind 3 mph E. Barometer 1021.78 mb, Rising. Temperature 2.4 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 90%
360 checkboxes faster than last time in a life time chance!
I just ordered Initial D and Eurobe---
valentines day mouths gone drop ON ME
It ain’t a hoe out there fareal who don’t know bout me. #BIGMOODBITCH
This is the third time she's noticed me. I feel so blessed.
Every couple of months I find an old mop lying around the house, spend a couple hours shaving it, and find a brand, shiny, new dog inside.
I GOT IT ALL!! OH MY GOD YOU WILL N E V E R BELIEVE ME BUT THE UNKNOWN IS ACTUALLY BANG PDNIM #B T Soutcast D4
And baby, for you, I would fall from grace Just to touch your face
I LOVE BEING IN A BAD MOOD
Alex Smith will end up in Arizona, Buffalo, Washington or NY (Jets). Best of luck to him.
False Prophet- Anyone that see them self as above and a hater of God, Jesus and the Holy Spirit. They know the right way; but, leads you wrong and aims to avoid you from finding truth.
hey. in case you forgot and needed to hear it today, i'm beautiful
Wind 3.8 km/h E. Barometer 1019.0 hPa, Falling slowly. Temperature 31.2 °C. Rain today 0.0 mm. Humidity 48%
I stayed up late to do work and instead I've been watching videos on how the Amazon warehouse works. Truly fascinating stuff btw
*blows kisses to your tweet* BOOM VIRAL
Im so happy last night thank you Lord.
Not sure who thought it was okay to take Emperors New Groove off of Netflix??????? I am personally offended.
excuses and more excuses. come on! give me something new please.
I just bullshitted 2 pages for this paper and uh I think I did it wrong uhm I have no idea what I‘m doing
yall niggas needa stop playing dice !!
between letting the kids make homemade cotton candy and popcorn and watch the waterboy, i’m either the best babysitter or the worst
the end of the fucking world é mt pica
Not liking any bitches pictures all 2018
I'm always dreaming, even when I'm awake, di gihapon mahuman.
Great game. Good for the Titans!!
February 16th can't come fast enough for me rn #Black Panther # Marv e l I dare say this movie is like an amazing early birthday gift for me!! I'm super excited.
If some nations begin to "create" their own "cryptocurrencies" to solve their economic failures and with the total control of govs, soon the whole world will be involved in a global Crypto-economic Warfare. #Cryptoeconomic Warfare
WHY ARE YOU RUNNING WHY SRE YOU RUNNING!
I’m never snaking a shower drain ever again. N E V E R.
I’m gonna have my sweet 16 at Chuck E Cheese
Lol now the Titans play NE.
It’s time for a fresh start
you're so art deco o u t o n t h e f l o o r
it’s always the guys who don’t get pussy that are quick to call someone pussy whipped LMAO it’s called R E S P E C T
If you are happy then be happy.
I’m leaving the comfort of my room and heat to walk wit her
The interior of a standard file box is precisely two standard VHS boxes long. Just saying.
THE P R O C E S S
I37508 SHEPPARD AVE E WB At YONGE ST: Right turn lane is blocked due to a police investigation.
REPORTED: TRAFFIC CONTROL/MALFUNCTION at E 15TH ST & SEIGLE AV #CLT #CMPD_Eastway
Ideal NFL MVP voting results 1. Carson Wentz 2. Jimmy Garoppolo 3. Todd Gurley III ... 1,696. Tom Brady
At least Browns fans got to celebrate today. #Chiefs Kingdom
the one that got away é tipo snuff pra mim
meanwhile i’ll be drinking red wine and screaming at my playstation
I literally have theeeee best guests at Zales :,)
Wow Titans win the wildcard game
Kindly change your DPs and profiles ...... introducing DAME
How do u lose an 18 pt lead
It makes me so sad listening to the new N.E.R.D album because it doesn’t even come close to their old classic albums.
Wind 4,8 km/h E. Barometer 1012,03 hPa, Steady. Temperature 15,4 °C. Rain today 0,0 mm. Humidity 71%
I almost cried at work tonight but then Sit Next to Me by Foster The People started playing on the playlist at work and I had never been so happy in my life.
01:59 CET: Temp: 2.9°C, Wind: E, 6 mph (ave), 11 mph (gust), Hum: 85%, Rain (hr) 0.0 mm, Press: 1002 hPa, rising very rapidly" # p y w w s # r os male n # r pi "#
Only me will eat mashed potatoes and potato salad at the same time
i have things to do but the only motivation i have rn is to do more video games so uhhh guess i'll die
The end of the f***ing world é muito bom kkkkk scrr
short girls are the highest tier
Sit down Kansas City Chiefs, you only played.... one more game than the Raiders did. at least we've never lost 6 playoff games at home.
terminei the end of the f****ng world e to tipo ?????????????
Tiffany is so lucky she my friend
they need to get over it. stop actin like the word “gay” is a curse. y’all straights r so toxic. my lil cousin will not b like y’all uglies
The eyes is useless when the mind is blind.
"do you want to play a game?" Saw vibes right there fhakdjs # b t s o u t c a s t d 4
boutta get some red velvet cheesecake
Damn chiefs lol Titan up. # Packers nation t h o
The overhead was not survive this 62cm frame change damn must record sonic worlds.
Namjoon is trying to say something but it keeps on glitching
*bites pizza* Yeah I really need to eat better "Well it's good that you recognize it and are saying it for yourself." Ok but I've been saying for years though
I been driving all fucking day I’m tired asf dude
e world that can buy you trust ..
Been in a “fuck everyone” mood lately and I honestly think I’m okay with this
nah that’s it i’m really done trying.
I wonder what the last thought that crosses someone’s mind is before they unfollow me
If you had dreams of the Powerballnumbers, please message me, cuz if I win you win!
You know what I’ve noticed on here. It’s always the thick hoes with the worst tweets. I shall remain a thin jawn.
Doubt it will but it's going to hit me hard as someone who started playing only last year and not having much to put into packs. :/
lol ya i’m not a Chiefs fan anymore
I had to resend this tweet three times because twitter is crappy gah
It's unfortunate that when you choose to start respecting yourself some people take it as disrespect towards them.
Henry about to get a PO card with 99 trucking and 99 stamina after running all over the chiefs.
Idky it feel so late to me
All I want for my 21st birthday is a quality crockpot.
It’s not even funny how much I’ve turned into my dad
I’m collecting £250 from everybody that wishes pregnancy on me for this year. By fire by force mate
I’m not saying it’s impossible, I just can’t imagine myself being in love again.
Been here e for 4 hours alrdy.
I got my cousin to give me the Wi-Fi password to see # b t sou t cast this is where I'm at
FIRST HOSEOK AND THEN JIMIN HSJDJSKD WHO ARE U FIGHT ME!!!!!! # b t sou t cast
Pray for me pls bc this about to get M E S S Y
“the moon reminds me of u, so beautiful & so far away.”
The end of the f***ing world é muito bom.
That is why I love playoff football, anything can happen # t i t a n s
Still think NE wins it all
She just smile and i complaining in a song
That's why you always bring the pussy for mee
THEY JUST TOOK JIMIN AWAY IM FUCKIN CRYING #B T Soutcast D4
There is no fighting with hate, we must love.
Never asked for nothing I don’t demand of myself
Need a man to take pics of me and my big booty
making potstickers and i burned the bottom T_T
Trump che dice di essere un genio e mi tornano in mente le parole del saggio Lannister "whoever says he is a king, he's not a king"
I keep giving chances, i want to give up
boa noite camila, shawn, ariana, ed, taylor, harry, zayn, niall, liam, louis, lana, justin, selena, tyler, dylan, maya, cierra, shay, ash, riahnna e cole
oh boy, Sully without a shirt .... #Dr Quinn
Honestly that Shane on Shane moment was so precious #CBB
if I don’t watch riverdale tonight I’m gonna be P I S S E D.
I HAVE TJE WORST HEADACH E BECAUSE OF THIS AU
I left my freaking agenda at work didn't I
I guess I'll watch my other city lose this other playoff game now.
Trailer e ROD ante cinema inkentha rod ohh
The technical foul with no timeout rule in basketball is so dumb. Always has been.
Remember when Pepsi became a military power after a deal with Russia? Imagine getting invaded by PepsiCo
Unknown in # b t sou t cast acting like Jigsaw or something asking if Yoongi wants to play a game smh
comecei a ver the end of the fucking world e to achando nice
So much for embarrassing the Pats and looking crazy good to a one and done type of shit with a less-than-normal Mariota... #Chiefsvs Titans
Can yoongi open up his data bring a powerbank and go to Hoseok's house? In that way he can play the game and can check on his best friend whether he's in his house or not #B T Soutcast D4
Oi the way these young 18 year olds are tryna challenge me looooool don’t make me show you your place
The Christopher Nolan Batman trilogy has to be up there in best trilogies right?
We shouldn’t have to beg for support at all, we should support each other PERIOD!.
his long eyelashes, straight nose and plump lips
While I like the current # H earth stone adventure I really hope that the next one provides a set of cards to make up for losing Karazhan. (/1)
And this song is a bop
Update: I just took shot #2 without my dad this time . I feel the burn going down my chest .
If you ever loved me .. I’m sure you always will
that was actually an exciting AFC game. Who would have thought it?
Chuck E Cheese... Texas Roadhouse was the opportunity packed so we went to the mall and ate, walked around... of course she played on everything she could get on in the mall
I DONT KNOW WHAT MADE ME THINK IT WAS A GOOD IDEA TO WATCH CLARA’S DEATH SCENE BUT NOW IM SOBBING JUST LIKE I DID THE FIRST TIME I SAW IT FUCK
They may not have it all together right now but watch out for Bama & Arkansas in March
Work is so slow today omg KILL ME
I never doubted Eric Decker for a second
If the chiefs get rid of Alex Smith they dumb
oooohhhh this is motivated by a transgender person bcs they should give us pause. This is a star/I'm coming into words where
Suppressed negativity is eating me up
For my first read of the year, I was torn between "The Shack" (William P. Young) and "Fifty Shades Darker" (E. L. James). Completely different extremes, uh?
Waiting In Vein x Bob Marley
Feel like me can conquer the world nowww
Lol i fell off a cliff today
I don’t want selfish people in my life. Y’all are draining af.
I wish I was friends with Malia Obama because we could be normal 19yo stoners together and I'd protect her from exploitation
But for now, Ima continue to appreciate the struggle. Cause Ima make sure I’m HAPPY everyday!
Came for 4 weeks thinking I’d be ready to leave by now but I’m not
the agents of s.h.i.e.l.d. are after rick. leave him alone you flops!
Sooo tired and I haven’t done shit all day
If your trying to do better it’ll show. Only time will tell
Move, and I will kill you... Use Nen, and I will kill you. Make a sound, and I will kill you.
The people that are in the 1-5 month stage are so fucking cute it pisses me off.
THE CREATOR IS TRAPPING YOONGI GUYS SEND H E L P #B T Soutcast D4
For all the waiting and timing. Run and be free, I will, too. But I'll be at the horizon, looking out for you. Finding you again, when I'm ready and you for me.
12 more pills to go & if by then im still not okay, hello a&e
Well sorry that I put in an Ice slime, because I had to, lol
We made it – at Desert Hills Premium Outlets
BBB: East Noble 25 Huntington North 13. Half.
It’s about time the Titans win in the playoffs
I never have weekends off I deserve thisssss
Mexican food, beer, and Netflix all from the comfort of my own bed. # how ya beat it
I’m content with my bday plans, so I guess I can start sending out the texts
#T E Nvs K #K Cvs T E N We have finally learned who Rey is. She's the daughter of Marcus Mariota.
Things that won’t change in 2018 ... UCLA and Raiders Madrid etc slander
If you close your eyes, and turn down all the TV's and music in the house, and you listen very, very carefully, you can hear the Kansas City Chiefs missing out on the Super Bowl for the 48th consecutive year.
I don't really care if you cry
My son graduate In May I’m geeked as ever he a honor student already I’m so proud of My first born
mano a nova serie do netflix ta muito boa , the end of the fucking world e olha que nem gosto mt de serie
bruna makes me so soft im a puddle on the fucikh floor
Life can get you down so i just numb the way it feels
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to imply you didn’t have a life.” Yet another savage thing my mother has said to me.
I need more scrubs. Time for a sugar daddy.
why didn't they upload the full ep of beulping house on yt
charlie murphy's skit bout prince droppin a bucket: legend
Ngl i am a bit creeped out lolololol
OF COURSE WE GO TO CRACKER BARREL WHEN I AM ON A D I E T EMPHASIS ON THE DIE
I think Eazy E said it best: If it's on motherfucker then it's on G.....
War Fucking Eagle. This team has stones.
ni hablar de the awakening que es E L album
Kids failing at Shrine of the Silver Monkey still trigger me. IT WAS A THREE PIECE PUZZLE
I’ve been sitting in the ulta parking lot for an hour eating pizza and black bean soup and I just listened to my heart will go on 3 times in a row what is happening
Counting on the days I aint seen my baby
The imp thing is that 'I B E L I E V E I N M Y S E L F '
Wow I’m not supposed to be drunk but I said that yesterday so I guess I’m cool
"Do you want to play a game?” DEDO NO CU E GRITARIA #B T Soutcast D4
1-0 in the playoffs! Go Titans!
Out of all my kids Diontae is the only one who took after my side w| his hair .. I P R A Y E D cause Lordt knows his daddy’s side
I DONT WANT TAEJIN NO MORE THISE BITCYES!
The Chiefs still had a chance but Alex Smith could not execute in the 2nd half. Patrick Mahomes era start now
Them 20something are about to be
The only group chats I have are with Jordan Nano and babe... my mom and sister... and my co workers... lmao
Y’all be careful who u have on Snapchat, I apparently had some habo from Denver & she snitched to my Habo that I drove on the wrong side of the highway .
Listen y’all I am not an open book when it comes to how I’m feeling and shit, soo don’t force me. I will talk if I wanna talk
I was born with no hair on my face. My eyebrows are finally coming in
What the fuck I'm supposed to say
if anyone wants to go downtown n drink lemme know i am haven’t been since halloween n i miss it
It’s my birthday in a week
self-loathing for the rest of my life.
I always get scammed by the kudos for CB fics. They’re never /that/ good
Kareem Hunt,NFL rushing champ...11 carries. E-L-E-V-E-N #T E Nvs K C
The Zone-Read with Mariotta throwing the key block? *That* is #Exotic Smashmouth. #T E Nvs K C #Titan Up
In reality I was angry cause my dad walked out so I’d beat up any boy that looked at me
"A n o t h e r p l a y e r" OK FUCK THEY R NOT ALONE WTFFFF HOSEOKIEEEEE MY BBY #btsoutcast D4
THE SMILEY IS SO CREEPY IM FRSHAKINGGGDD
Only time i eva did E i piped shawty fo 5 hours n couldnt nut
I want some Chick Fil A so bad, but that cold n wind is different out there smh.
I37507 YONGE ST NB At SHEPPARD AVE E: Right lane blocked due to police investigation. Fire on scene.
On the plus side my man will be the one to put you in your place If you ever try. # don t fuck with hoes
You grow up in the wrong way men.
Yup just like the Colts blown loss, I can't even stomach highlights post game stuff or even watch another game...
Alex Smith might be outta here
Tweets are like the NFL playoffs, you either win or you're one and done.
I hate walking to my job and looking around the mall and thinking oh shit it’s empty, gunna be a good day and u find EVERYONE in your store. like ok.
My mom know Im a scary cat idk why they left me in this house alone
To be real tho that block was w.e. 51 came weak af
The Titans did something that the Texans never could. Come back from big deficit and win on the road. Much deserved Tennessee!
One of the black mirror episodes gave me nightmares last night and I'm still not sure if this is real life or a game.
I actually love my job, the people I work with are faboo
whatever happened to austin mahone ?
Somtimes I wonder at night why I keep on stressin in life. Then I remember it's because I have an unfinished website, a research paper I have not tampered with, notes I need to finish and a quiz due tom. Fuck.
Yeah, we didn’t want to be the table flippers .
I offer up my shoulder just for you to cry upon
KC don’t want no smoke #Titan Up
Just finished brushing her teeth. Will now change into cozy pajamas, then she's off to sleep.
You gotta show love even when they don’t
Tried going to sleep w socks on.....not for me lol
This obsession I have with Joe Budden and 50 cent has really stuck since middle school
dave chappelle’s wife is beautiful omg
Please donate to me. It's not for the channel, it's for my personal needs!
a pronto unknown pegou jimin e hoseok
I just wanna bite them cheeks
i had two of them, i already sacrificed one of them before weapon update but now with this update its even b e t t e r
the only play i watched got taken back and i didn’t see the end because i was checking if the hot tub “still smelled like fumes” this feels like a metaphor
Ricky tryna do some .. but what is it to do?
Please do not like if you don’t know the cartoon reference.
Remember when the Chiefs were supposed to win the Super Bowl after week 5...
i love myself even tho i look like a burnt chicken nugget i still love myself
Once you die , no one can save you.
TITANS PLAYED AN AMAZING GAME WITH AN ANAZING COMEBACK!!!! MY #2 TEAM CAME THROUGH BOYYYY #TITANS
Iize going with a whole umbrella in d people party if I have too!!
Who is that someone?! What if that someone is the creator? The killer? He's playing with the killer! #B T Soutcast D4
Ted and Joyce make me feel sad. I get that they're supposed to be the calm in the storm but...no. # e a s t e n d e r s
my sister went out then called me and told me to hide her **** thats in the car bc she’s afraid my mom is gonna check her car
Maybe Andy Ried is overrated coach
# Titans roll on as we pick up another 3 units as we head into Sunday. #N F L Playoffs
I think taejin are corrupted files because they can play the game while acting as characters in it #B T Soutcast D4
Go Snatch A Rental Cuz My Car Draw To Much Attention
My mom says tiger weird. She says it like “tiager”
Okay, literally the exact same question, but only women answer.
If anyone needs me I'll be in depression until baseball season starts
still got love for ya but I can’t fw ya though
Aye we will take the win. Them Steelers fans were all in my mentions trying to play us #TITANUP
Ahh just the Mercy of God
In need of a big pick me up tonight.
NOW THEY GET TO PLAY AGAINST A SHITTY FUCKING TITANS TEAM OR A TEAM WITH TYROD TAYLOR WHO DOESNT EVEN THROW BEYOND 5 YARDS. ITS NOT FUCKING FAIR. FUCK THE PATRIOTS AND THEIR SHITTY RACIST FANBASE.
Good first quarter. Sallies lead 11-7 headed into the 2nd qt.
History will show us that 45 has lived too long to be a genius. That's that
one week allowance na to uy, happy mo e
Jesus christ guys I really think the creator/unknown could be taehyung....? bc he often played that creepy character in their mvs as well like bs&t japanese mv he‘e creepy AF JUST SAYIN #B T Soutcast D4
Lmao when your coworkers set you up with one of their brothers and then the customers that you have a crush walks in too
Doubting me instantly puts me in FIRST place!
Being a crack baby really fucked me up & I won’t stop thinking that. It’s always something with me
n e ways i need sleep
That was supposed to be the worst game of the weekend.
Do let us know if there is anything that you didn't like about the fic exchange (e.g. too little time to read before reveals, too little time to write the fic...) or if there is anything that you liked particularly about it too!
I have so much anger inside of me right now
The movie Speed can’t be remade today because there’s now way a bus can stay over 50 mph in today’s traffic.
PSA: Not having merch DOES NOT make you any less of a stan.
00:56 UTC: Temperature: 4.1°C, Wind: E, 2 mph (ave), 5 mph (gust), Humidity: 62%, Rain (hourly) 0.0 mm, Pressure: 1030 hPa, rising
what if taejin ended up being some kind of rebel group. Sexy
...and when you go to e.g. Poland, you can notice that they have better beer and the mobile internet just works and it is fast.
Came back off a 18 deficit..TITANS ain’t going home!!!
I’m done with being the second choice
Even as a Sonic Fan, I am not that big of a fan of the "Ugandan Knuckles" meme
i actually scared oh my god
I LOVE DON CHERRY I MISS WATCHING HOCKEY
having no social life does mean I'm losing weight from not drinking so there's a plus
I heard that song a million times and now I understanding it lmfaoo
Y'all be getting butttttthurt to the max over stupid ass tweets. I'm more excited that Sully's gonna off himself than I care about the Titans winning.
Bts Outcast : Hardcore Doki Doki Literature Club in another whole new f*ck*ing level
Now they sent quizzes and reminders like dang school starts on the 16th slow down the damn train I’m not ready
Great wild card game win by the Titans!
I JUST WANNA BE ABLE TO DO SPLITS AGAIN AND A BACKHANDSPRING AGAIN
THIS RAIN BETTER HAVE SOME CHILL TOFORKINGNIGHT!!!
So Mariota moves on while Winston is home enjoying stolen crab legs.
time controls us locks us in rules our day makes us feel powerless because at the end of the day we’re all running against it
Can’t wait to go home and cuddle my dogs
Amazing how KC finds ways to lose in the playoffs
Michael Jackson! 1992! New York! Another day! It's January 6th, 2018 at 07:55PM #Rewards Points #Members Get It # mar riot t rewards
Where are all the #8 haters now? SMDH
If you switch lil homie stay there
Chiefs trash. Ship they ass outta Missouri like the Rams & get a NBA team here
Dayana Mendoza is such a goddess
the gift Im giving myself on my birthday this year is to eliminate all stupid and unnecessary debt i.e. credit cards! I created a plan to actually do so without killing myself! c'mon 2018!! you bomb already! # road to debt free
Oh and i think my brother is sleeping and he’s got the money for us to buy food tonight I wanna d*e
But ya know w.e i embrace it lmao
WHO TF !!! DECLINEEEEE NO OTHER PLAYER S
Some women is dancing in the club and showin her arse and my dad is cringin so I said she’s only young having a good time and he said I understand that if you got it flaunt it but that hoe has nothin worth flauntin
Don't cry for the dead smile for the living
Dude at my job a chiefs fan I’m goin to work talking shit in the morning
n e way stan the boyz
We have so much in common, we argue all the time~
Wanted was a decent show on Netflix but the second lead Chelsea wow she played so dumb it’s sooo annoying ugh
I swear you feel a song better when you highh
Always pay attention to who is really there for you .
I swear everytime I want Jamaican food they run outta jerk chicken. Bumbaclotttttttt
Because they're so tHorny. I'll be on there was someone telling me to belper, apparently their charity shops are top notch.
I just lost $40 bruh ! My heart hurting like hell
Straight sack by DJ called “forward progress” might be the worst call I’ve ever seen
Looks like I have to be on here compared to YT
# ring doorbell apparently doesn't have a twitter account. Nonetheless, I received the "you have lost access to your videos" message. Had to go to website, go to chat, wait 5 mins, sergei checked my email and activated. No explanation, no apology. Not great #Customer Experience
I like my girls like i like my honey; sweet, a little selfish
Oh my god I might be able to **** for iwaoi day in april
When i die imma haunt u anyway
I be more than a god in ma dreams..
That game had my anxiety so high, but we did it babyyy!!! #Boys In Two Tone Blue #TITANUP
The best defense against NFL leading rusher Kareem Hunt? Andy Reid!
I have won 3 games of pool in a row and I just feel this is something to tweet about
Give me a C Give me a H Give me a O Give me a K Give me a E WHATS THE SPELL.......CHIEFS AGAIN
There are certain things I will automate, but when it comes to quality control, I want to keep a very close eye.- Tim Ferriss # quote
Lmao I just checked the results for melee singles and I did better than my Biochemistry TA from 2nd year???
So many tears for Gruden on this broadcast...it’s like he’s having to coach the Raiders or something. #Wildcard Playoffs
Please do not be disturbed by my efforts to work out my own inner demonology.
I only post pictures when I’m cute which is why y’all rarely see me. My glow up been loading for years
how is a girl supposed to have any motivation when its pitch black at 6pm
Mariota been a living legend D U C K S W A Y
Reading between the lines. Twitter is actually quite concerned about growth & knows that Trump is their stinky fertilizer. It's a Corporate Freudian Slip.
That Game literally summed up the Entire Chiefs season. Great start and terrible finish.
RIP to the days when Arkansas had a ranked basketball team
buying an e textbook was my worst decision ever cus i can't keep my ass off youtube and retail websites
I love Derrick Henry as much as a Tennessee Vol fan possibly can.
MY DAD FINALLY SAID I COULD GET A SNAKE HOLY FUCK IVE BEEN WAITING LITERALLY Y E A R S FOR THIS OMGOMGOMG
Congrats Titans! PS, remember Catching Kelce, the dating show on E! PSS, if you're a football player & can't get a date, something is amiss.
Oh god here we go #A T Lvs L A
I am not about having one-sided friendships or relationships.
Never did my daddy drink the rest of my wine
my uncle n aunt get uncomfortable when I say the word gay so we drinking champagne n I made a toast n said “here’s to never procreating in my life ever, I love being GAY!”
i wasted so much time on people in 2017 .. it’s 2018 & it ain’t even going down like that
Why is the match in black and white?
And the truth is, the birth of a child, The sunlight, it’s all I ever had!
Unknown a fucking E*o'l . Bet LMAOOOO #B T Soutcast D4
Lol Woodson with the Welcome home Gruden
WHY IS THE UNKNOW COME AND GETTING YOONGI'S CHARACTERS LIKE—WHO TF ARE YOU!?
# V i c k s is the Dominican cure for everything- sore throat, stuffy nose, migraine, acne, studying late, spider bites, broken bones, your ex cheating
"The first thing you lose on a diet is your sense of humor." ~Unknown # quote # quote oftheday
I ate healthy all day but really want pizza for dinner. Someone pray for my discipline
I still can’t believe how alarmingly bad Chelsea played today.
Damn Titans came back & won, scored 19 unanswered points to defeat Chiefs 22-21 and advance to play either Pittsburgh or New England #T E Nvs K C
Work on weekdays, go on adventure on weekends. Goal
They tryna get right off of everything
I thought I was bad but she got me beat
Pretty sure I gave myself food poisoning
Writing is a socially acceptable form of schizophrenia. -E.L. Doctorow #BTD # am writing # writers life
INFO E. WET. VIS: GREATER THAN 10 KM, RED TO 4000 M. WND: 140/10. EXP INST APCH. RWY 15. WX: SH IN AREA. TMP: 27. CLD: FEW015, SCT025, FEW035. QNH: 1014.
Man I’m really gonna miss Jon Gruden in the booth # G rude n grin der
My fingers gained weight.. they’re chubbier than my cheeks
Can someone For the love of god P l e a s e Save Jimin? #Btsoutcast D4
I want to go to the drive in movies before it get back to fucking freezing weather again
"One person with passion is better than 40 people merely interested." — E.M. Forster
We have received reports of a traffic accident near the intersection of Franklin Rd and Southern Hills Dr.
but in any case, i'm really like whatever. what is life but a brief opportunity to do a lot of things that very few people care about in the grand scheme of things?
Tip: don't be in a relationship if you're unstable af.
Randy moss out there in some jeans lmao
im in my friends room singing gucci gang at 1am she be mad
Trae Young flops more than any ncaa player I've ever seen # w v u
yoongi gain 4 characters and lost 2 in blink of an eye !!!! SJSHSUDCZ
The tobacco-pot divide used to be the strangest part of politics for me when I was young (~10 yrs ago). I think I've only recently got it.
JIHOPE IM GONNAF GET U OUT IF THERE!!!
The Chiefs loss sums up their season. Great start, shitty ending # Chiefs #N F L Playoffs # Titans
LA PUTISIMA MADRE QUIERO NIEVE YAAAAAAAAAAKSHDOWNWOQBWO1NSBSK
I use to be so flexible and now I can barely touch my damn toes
My cat is sleeping on bed and I decided to wake him up by putting the twins distrack on full blast on my speaker and he woke up and now he's been staring at me evily for the past 20 Minutes he hates me
[Boys Winter Varsity Ice Hockey] Norwell High School defeats East Bridgewater High School
I know you wanna love, but I just wanna fuck. Aye boy you know the deal, I gotta keep it real. I know you wanna see, I know you wanna be, in my B-E-D, grinding slowly.
So I'm at Pegasus, Saw Wyclef and Doug E. Fresh...I should have asked for pictures but that will never happen.
CAN THE :) FUCK RIGHT OFF
Treat My Niggas Like We Came Out The Same Pussy
Does Marcus Mariota get fantasy point for a TD pass and reception?
Where’s crying Jordan on Andy Reid?
troy gotta iphone and do not know how tf to actttttt
The Chiefs literally shot themselves in the foot... LIKE THEY TOOK A RPG AND AIMED FOR THEIR FOOT #T E Nvs K C #Wild Card Weekend
IM NOT EVEN KIDDING IM ACTUALLY FUCKING CRYING THEY TOOO JIMIN FUCK I CANT SE E MY SCREEN THERES TEARS BLOCKING MY VISION IM NOT SHITTINF YOU
These below freezing temperatures apart of population control they tryna kill off homeless people first
I’ve waited a LONG time for this....GO TITANS!!! # t it an up
It was 4th and 9 and your offense was struggling to move at all. Punt the Ball inside the 10 with 3 timeouts and 2 minute warning and get ball back at 50 with a whole minute left. All he needed was a field goal to win.
i never have to pay for NOTHING !
I know you're thinkin' I'm heartless I know you're thinkin' I'm cold I'm just protectin' my innocence I'm just protectin' my soul
There should only be one belt in each division in boxing. Then if you want to be champion you have e to beat the best. You can't win a vacant belt and defend it against cherry picked opponents. # Box in g
The Chiefs blew a 21-3 lead
Consider me firmly on the bandwagon. #Titan Up
e.g. docker image entrypoint scripts, or orchestration which re-builds docker images continuously.
this is so stressful i want to d#$i%e
If the # seven realms series every becomes a movie, my dream is to portray Raisa
Derick got his first playoff win
I’ve been wanting to get back into dancey type shit and I’m so out of shape I stg
The last time I was at the club they played some pop remix of call me later and in that moment I said to myself “Union wouldn’t treat me like this”
u gotta fetish for my love
Idk if it was Andy or his new play caller but whoever elected to give Hunt the ball only 11 times needs to be sitting on a couch next season. #N F L Playoffs
Wonders if Michael will rest soon as well.
his caption "wowzers" is so appropriate he knew we would be shook
QB blocking # Self less act clinches the game! #Team First #Team Over Self
e. coli outbreak from romaine lettuce so naturally the entire city is losing their minds
i tweeted the same thing twic.e whats wrong with me
(i do not know what it is about you that closes and opens;only something in me understands the voice of your eyes is deeper than all roses) nobody, not even the rain, has such small hands. E.E Cummings
I swear devil get up off my back bruh
When I'm feeling angry, I cope with it by eating an Ice cream cone.
I don’t know how anyone could say anything bad about Marcus Ardel Taulauniu Mariota. He’s the greatest human being ever created.
Tori be having me so weak man
Pms-ing is most DEF a thing
Always mad because I “keep” shit from you but you can’t even tell me the truth lol people wonder why I don’t open up to them
I’m bout to get drunk I had an annoying fkn day
Swear So Many Freaky Things Just Popped Up In My Head In This Here Chuck E Cheeses Looking At Oomf
who tf is UNKNOWN KSBEKWBDKD IM S T R E S S E D
I’m just saying, you can do better... # d rake
IM WATCHING DUNKIRK AND I ACTUALLY LESRNED A BIT ABOUT IT IN HISTORY CLASS WHICH IS COOL
#Chiefs Kingdom HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA YOU GUYS THOUGHT YOU WERE GOOD
CAN WE STOP FOR A SEC #B T Soutcast D4
Home is where the music is loud
Gunna spend like all night grinding to rank up on bo3 anyone wanna grind with me
THEY TOOK JIMIN AND FCKING SYNCED IM SO MADKJSJ
Feeling this way every year is what actually defines # chiefs kingdom
Terminamos the end of the f ** king world e é a coisa mais gracinha da vida!!
They say "Remember the Titans" ONE MORE TIME.
Do it for my mom do it for the deep fried rice Benehana
I think Andy Reid has to get fired after that
Why do I fancy literally every single boy on the planet H E L P
This just guarantees a simpler path to the AFC Championship for the Pats and Steelers. Better team lost this game
My icon is dedicated to Song Min(hoe)
Me N My Girl Jus Had A Fight I Gotta Get Away Look Like I Aint Comin Home Fa. Couple Days.....
You dont deserve a fast reply
People must actually be doing dry January because the cinema has been so busy this weekend
every time someone watches ep 4 of fmab i grow s t r o n g e r
After almost a month. Back to morning shift.
anyone got screencaps of him ? I can’t find any
Trae Young so good he pushes off and referee calls a foul on other team.
Yoong u should knowu shouldn't play games u dont knoW WE ARE F U C K E D
I said to a man at the casino, Marietta has played two games in the cold, both wins, the last one was a 10 point comeback at arrowhead
Kareem Hunt had 11 carries?? Andy Reid, come catch this fade.
Ya love never goes un notice. Know dis.
How the hell did we just lose that?! #N F L Wild Card Weekend
Assignments and reading were sent the last week of last month like can we mentally recover first pls
Waking up with bad news Rest in Peace Tatay Felix we will miss you.
I think I shed a tear the first time I seen the part when he died
Duke Dumont feat. A*M*E - Need U (100%)
Can someone explain me what # b t sou t cast is and where can i read it? p l e a s e
I’m on the lookout for some directors so if you or someone you know is one, then link some channels for me :)
One of my favorite feelings is the satisfaction of other people enjoying the meal I’ve cooked
Should i peel the rest of this tattoo or let it be
Definitely Alex Smith last game as Chiefs QB. Feel for Andy Reid though...
I miss the feeling of having someone who cares walaahy :')
PSA: THE LYRICS FROM THE A TEAM BY ED SHEERAN SHOULD NOT BE USED AS AN INSTAGRAM CAPTION FOR YOUR SNOW PICS
chyler leigh is really out there turning oxygen into carbon dioxide... she does this EVERY SINGE DAY... she's a fucking QUEEN
I notice everything but I don't say shit
the end of my fucking world é mt bom
Hell no that’s creepy asking if he wants to play a game and the “:)” #B T Soutcast D4
Sia he’s deleted all his accounts. E go over you.
Andy Reid though using the Falcons #Super Bowl playbook was a good idea.
Luke Bryan's love songs are goals
Feel like someone has set my eyeballs on fire
Mark and Peter look like Stepford wives. Who can be so perfectly groomed and well behaved at all hours of the day.
WHO THE FUCK IS TAKKNG THEM
You're confusing yourself with little things that you haven't noticed the big things happening around.
Damn, I was really hoping KC would come back to Gillette for that revenge ass whooping. Oh well.... #ChiefsBlewA21-3Lead #Patriots Vs Titans #Pats Nation
Reminder: the Texans beat the Titans by 40+ points earlier this season...
Hi my son said it at home I'm going to have the exact caption and picture LOL.
Name one thing you can't live without.
Frozen is on and my child is not the least but interested. I’ve failed her!
anyone wanna go to 2 step tonight with me?? # need friends
It was -13 a few days ago and Thursday the temp. is supposed to be 55º. I don't have anything to say, except thank you, Mother Nature. I respect you.
This dude Mariota really threw a touchdown pass to himself lol
Ye about to have a style switch again on his next album and eff the whole industry up # y e e z y season
I like to think that after throwing that block Marcus whispered "Who is too nice for the NFL now?...but seriously, how is your family?"
he spoils me so bad i can get use to this
BITCH IS THIS SAW LOL #B T Soutcast D4??
even the closest homie can turn.
Im watching the first ep of Pop Team Epic and what the fuck is going on
Obviously it's not just his fault, but the kicker was like top 5 maybe 3 this season and misses 48. Sigh. I am never getting my Panthers v Chiefs Super Bowl.
The site IS updated for the most part! Just have to get some newbies on :)
The TV program 24hrs in A&E is just people waiting to be seen now.
‘Who will know (tragedy)’ makes me so emotionally broken, I love it.
Can a n y b o d y t e l l m e w h y m y t witter i s w r i t i n g v e r t i c a l l y ?
i can’t stand being around other bitches
YOU DONT KNOW HOW IT FEELS TO GET YOUR PIZZA STOLEN BY YOUR DOG WHEN YOU LOOK AWAY /YOU DONT KNOW HOW IT F E E L S/
Lol... i turned it off...the # Chiefs lost...OMG
Naa palay free wifi everywhere oy
Imagine getting jumped by some White dudes and u hear get the ROPE BILLY
Most of these niggas only hit my phone because I get money a lot
Want me to listen to you But you don't ever hear my words
"People aren't always magical as Soon as you meet them. Sometimes they become magical. Sometimes they become garbage."
I neeed neeed someone to come just nowww out of no where and care, please
....how can "hoseok" still play the game if he already lost all his hearts? #B T Soutcast D4
my face rn at this restaurant when I sent that text and like 3 seconds later a guy I used to talk to walks in. G R E A T
All i wanted was a Chiefs vs Eagles Superbowl but i guess I can't have nice things. :(
Well will you look at that, the Titans, maned up & pulled one out in the playoff
Good tough game in the elements. Was pulling for Reid and Smith but Mariota is class and D. Henry was beastly. #Real N F L Season Starts
Other people at Gainesville's academy. Her voice is somehow soothing, aurally, at E.T.A.'s distance and for.
sweet dreams or a beautiful nightmare?
WHAT THE FUCK DO THEY MEAN HE’S DOWN TO 2 PLAYERS? #B T Soutcast D4
Mariota catches his own touchdowns and throws blocks for his running back, dude made ALL the plays
Mariota is cold blooded rt !
SOME SPORTS THING TOOK OVER OUR HASHTAG WTH I r r e l e v a n t # b t s o u t c a s t d 4
Worked so hard for all of this and the time has finally come
Chiefs lost another playoff game at home? Yikes...
No one is entitled to the house that someone else built for themselves.
To be completely brain dead right now and.
Alex Smith do be outchea giving Nfl teams false Superbowl hope
If it wasn’t the Titans today, it would’ve been the Colts AGAIN. Kansas City sucks.
Me and Susan are currently sending each other videos of us impersonating vines
Can you say # upset ? Last I saw, the score was 14-0 Chiefs and I figured it would be over. # any given sun day #N F L Wild Card Weekend
The NFL Playoffs are just all-around fun. Impressive comeback for the Titans as well! #N F L Playoffs
Car was on E and I was contemplating leaving it there cause it’s so cold outside but then I saw a full service gas station. God is great
i also did some googles. this lump could be hormonal because i've literally never felt it before.
Just want everything to fall in place. I can't wait til it does & im the happiest girl ever
don't really want to reply her- it's not a her but DEAL WITH IT. I'LL KEEP CALLING HIM, HER. she should apologize
i don’t know how to play.. What is this game that we call love.. that we call love.. but don’t go
It's just time to be happy. Being sad,angry, over thinking and forcing stuff isn't worth it any more. Just letting things flow. Be positive. Good morning
ain't no way i eat this much this is sad.
icymi 5cm/sec & prior 2 of trilogy a/t judy's sister
And of course the website won’t work lmao
To die by your side ho keeps trynna post videos of you on snap.
Y’all I don’t have school tomorrowjxjsjxjd
If you haven’t watched ‘Scarlet Heart’ the K-drama you shoud, it’s super good
Cheating isn't always kissing, touching, or flirting. If you gotta delete text messages so your partner won't see them, you're already there
Mom twitter is something else lmao
Damn. Haven't napped in forever but so worth
#Golden Globes won't magically end #VAW. But I have even more hope in my heart that one day we won't exert energy convincing # human it a r i an organisations that violence against women and girls in conflict is a problem. We'll use that energy to end it.
I really can’t wait for my birthday because I have yet to have a day where the whole world revolves around me
Y’all need to be careful. Take care of your natural lashes as well. Don’t let these falsies ruin YOUR lashes!
you niggas just dont know how to make that one good girl happy yall rather make the bitches that talk mad shit about you happy and have the good one looking dumb asf
Keep chuckling baby.. I don’t hear you... where ya at?!
Really don’t have friends just me & my kid
#I Left Facebook Beacause this slay queens won't answer their inbox like celebs
Better suited, they actually did build their extraordinarily successful businesses, they are stable, and they are incredibly intelligent. If they do run, which i doubt, I'm certainly willing to listen. I think reducing ourselves to only politicians isn't good either.
Serious Don't Starve talk: How much
My pops just told me he doesn’t know what weed smells like...
If you repeatedly criticize someone for liking something you don’t, they won’t stop liking it. They’ll stop liking you.
hi if ur display name is ur first and middle names with typed l i k e • t h i s please stay away from me
Didn’t get to watch it today but u can bet your ass I’m watching to tomorrow
i really can’t wait to go to this Sixers & Celtics game on the 18th
i just wish i could let all my feelings out to someone but it’s so hard to explain and i don’t wanna become vulnerable
don’t nobody boost you as much as ya mama fb friends!!!
“I go to bed... but sleep won’t come”
Bitch it’s to cold I don’t wanna go out ..( bitch really don’t go out cause it’s “cold” ) Bitch I need a gar but it’s cold af (bet that bitch get up and go get that gar tho )
Why do you wanna raise these walls I don't know the meaning of hatred
And if they can't tell that they're being hateful, I just pray that they'll receive the gift of discernment. But you know, you can only hope for so much with the unregenerate. :/
don't talk to me ever again if you ignore my texts. THANKS.
What is a “sudden” and why can’t there ever just be some of it?
Oh my love, can't you see yourself by my side
Ooooouuuu i can’t wait to blossom.
seriously can't believe all this shit ive been hearing is over a fan fiction.
wats going on stranger mfs don't fwm but u be on yo shit u be bummin the correct way Ofn get up wit ya boy
don’t let someone mess with your peace....
If you have a few drinks a sad movie goes from sad to heartbreaking
First of all, the link won't even open up so how do I pre register smh
My boyfriend just left to shoot pool & said I wasn’t invited. I’m so over life.
I like the cute ones but the cute ones don’t like me.
School starts in a few days and I haven’t even started hw
I can’t wait to break the news to everyone about where I’m moving to loooool. Will tell if I find a house on Wednesday
~ can someone tell Sean Bean he is either Shawn Bawn or Seen Been ... he can't have it both ways ...
Don't forget to ask me anything you want to know about The Beatles!
i just kept trying it to make sure it wasn't missing anything but perhaps i tried... too much
You let go tonight, and you became yourself again. Don't change, just be you
can’t go to sleep && I have class in the morning
Can someone explain why gingerbread homes aren’t edible? What’s the point of even building one then?
these lil niggas soft won't shoot a damn thang
I don’t think I’ve laughed this much in a long ass time I’m so weak lmfaoooo
One issue I have with # H earth stone is how little stats the basic client keeps/allows access to. There's no reason I should have to be keeping pen and paper record of how many times I've cleared dungeon run with each class bc the class selection screen doesn't tell you.
i ain’t gon lie , ain’t gon lie
hello are there any porn websites that aren’t specifically catering to the male gaze
You can't do everything at the same time. Don't scatter your efforts everywhere. Concentrate. Set an ORDER OF PRIORITIES. Be ready to sa NO to anything that will divert your attention. If your priorities ain't straight, your life won't be either... Live an organized life
I ain’t never take a L never will
I’ve been travelling since Saturday at 3 pm and I only just landed in Toronto......
I didn't watch enough football this year to know what was going on, but nonetheless I'm proud of the Bills for breaking that playoff drought #Bills Mafia
That looked like a fascinating ceremony and wow, what a speech. She got at least three standing ovations. # O p r ah #Golden Globes
I can’t go to sleep for shit and work a few hours away
help me I don't know what is wrOnG
it don’t need to be no deeper, it’s finders keepers
I don't have to fix anything but I have to buy a new charger ORZ
thank you so much Stray Kids for made my day so happy! I can´t explain what I´m feeling rn listening the mixtape. I´m so proud #Stray Kids M I X T A P E
I don’t take advice from anybody who’s ankles are the same circumference as their calves.
i’m so lazy sometimes i don’t even feel like turning on the tv
Please don't wake me up tomorrow? I'm tired. I just want to rest forever
i hope things look up for me soon. i’ve been having big unexpected expenses that just don’t give me room to breathe. it’s hard.
we actually won haloti’s organization $25,000 just by utilizing social media. like we are actually making a difference in students lives. i couldn’t be happier. #W P M O Y Challenge + Ngata
I wish black mirror didn’t have such short seasons. I want to watch more
what comes easy won't last, what last's won't come easy
Ct is too small, like damn can I meet somebody who don’t know who I know
can’t stand when you trust someone and open up to them and they don’t fucking care
The black tribe is saying # get out should of won. The # women tribe is saying how a women director should of won. The # des i tribe is ignoring that Aziz's acting wasn't stellar. The # man tribe says their slots were rightfully earned. 2018 identity tribalism. # golden globes
My stomach hurts and I don’t wanna move my car so early in the morning
This gonna be the last time we say goodbye ain’t gonna be no re runs of this episode .. you did what cha did it is what it is
Can I just get sick already so I don’t have to go to school tomorrow
I can’t believe I busted my ass in the chili’s parking lot
If I didn’t have dreams, baby I wouldn’t have you.
My teeth can’t handle chewing down the chicken bones anymore..le sigh.
aye dese hoes ain’t even ghetto in person
u aggravating af Nd you don’t listennnnnnn but other than that I fwy
I’m the type to fight for you for the longest but There’s a point where I just can’t anymore and I just gotta give up
G I ain't see my boyfriend in 2 days wtf
This "ask your boyfriend" surveys had the question "What makes you proud of me?" and the answer this person shared was "Being my wife". Um ew girl. According to him, you ain't amount to shit other than being HIS wife.
You hold my heart at a safer distant
Still can't nobody serious who tells me they eat ass. I'd just be staring at ya mouth the whole time looking for bumps.
"I don’t know right now. Marriage is something I want to do with someone that I really like." -F(x): Victoria.
There’s a slender man movie coming out? Wow I didn’t know it was 2013
I don't think I've ever been loved as hard as I love.
Don’t feel like putting my laundry away, my bed is big enough for the both of us
if i get any more i’m going to be turning off the anon option. don’t fucking test me.
it doesn't really matter though I think this is literally the only song with actual lyrics that aren't fake future japanese
Even though I'm the sacrifice, You won't try for me, not now. Though I'd die to know you love me, I'm all alone. Isn't someone missing me?
My sleep schedule all kinds of messed up
We want the things we can’t have. We just can’t stop the wanting.
The owner of this twitter can't online right now, miss her? Mention or dm her :) she will reply it later :) thanks for your kind attention
She say, “you look like you don’t give a fuck!” I do tho
Why did the invisible man turn down the job offer? He couldn't see himself doing it
Wiley Ft. Tony Yayo - Don't Throw It Away (Remix) _(musiclife.kz) - Wiley Ft. Tony Yayo - Don't Throw It Away (Remix) _(musiclife.kz)
YOOOOO I’m dead. This bar in Naperville made my girl take off her Blackhawks jersey “because of gangs” first off didn’t even know Naperville had gangs, second off what “gang” rocks hawks jerseys ”Blackhawk gang!” head ass
goodnight to gays, girls, and mark hamill
Sometimes life is like a tunnel. You can’t always see the light at the end of the tunnel, but if you keep moving, you will come to a better place.
no longer have a charger & ion talk to no one important so i’m not finna go buy one
need the best and I can't settle for less
Yeah, no kidding! She's the type you really don't wanna get mad.
Don’t let your job become your addiction. Invest in a side hustle and keep developing that hustle until it can afford you the opportunity to sack your boss and become your own boss #Renos Nuggets
Jesus doesn't want your religion. He wants YOU. He wants your heart, not your occasional prayers and forced church attendance. Go deeper in your faith. It starts and ends with LOVE.
I want this shit rn I can’t waste time
i can't feel anything except my sore nose
Showing cleavage doesn't fix your face
First question: who in the world is actually going to buy that machine? When I’m working on an assignment, my first thought isn’t “Hey you know what, I think I should be working on my cardio while I’m working on this research paper.”
I don't want to be around anyone that is self centered, keep that.
I’m a forgiving person, to a fault honestly, but you just can’t put a bandaid on a backstab.
sux 2 suck for them that everyone else knows me as the happy midgrade-flamboyant dude I am
im screeching it was so amazing. stan Stray Kids if you don't already. #Stray Kids M I X T A P E
I’m sooo hungry like I can’t believe I threw away that chicken strip
He ain't had him a buzz like this since the last time that he overdosed
Don't be afraid to do something just because you're scared of what people are going to say about you. People will judge you no matter what.
The hammer won’t fully drop tonight, but H&M execs better have an 8AM meeting on the calendar tomorrow with answers, apologies, and website changes on the agenda.
Don’t kiss my forehead if your just going to break my heart
I FINALLY listened to exo's universe (don't even ask how I'm so late) and it's amazing being a multi is fantastic
what in the fuck do you know that I don't you stupid bitch lol like actual knowledge lol
#World Wi Fi don't wait to join this project , very good dev
Please don’t compare your journey to others. Everyone walks a different path and is unique in their own way!
I want to get fkn Spotify Premium but the shit doesn't work. Thanks
Unless you’ve actually been through and experienced how fucking awful, terrifying, and traumatic being raped is don’t fucking speak on It
My 2018 is definitely starting in February
I can fix myself but I won't mind if you fix me...
We ain't in a rush girl, it's just us girl, let me know wassup girl.. wassup girl?
If wasn’t for me you wouldn’t be doin the things you do now ...
i bet ppl think i follow, unfollow, then refollow to try n get them to mutual but honestly i unf ppl who don’t follow back and then just forget who i’ve already followed b4 skskdjdn
If it is not the best thing that’s ever happened to you, you can’t fight for something that’s just not worth it. Simple
I didn't realize how short my hair is until I tried french braiding it
there is a limit to where i place my patience at. but if you think it is ok to keep poking at that line, don’t be sorry i made you cut ties w me
The airship!? I can't believe it!
Preseason conditioning Tuesday, Wednesday & Thursday this week. Meet in front of library at 3:30. Spread the word
Like you couldn’t be more obvious about it
I LITERALLY DO NOTHING TO YOU SO STOP BEING A SELF CENTERED FUCKING BITCH TOWARDS ME ALL THE FUCKING TIME BECAUSE GUESS WHAT SWEET HEART THE WORLD DOESN’T REVOLVE AROUND YOU. ITS TIME TO FUCKING GROW UP!!!
If you don’t want to help then gtfo our house I don’t wanna see your relaxed face while I’m working my ass off to clean *your* mess smh
Oomf is the only person I know , who would fall asleep mid sentence
Now my meal is ready on the table, i don't feel like eating anymore. Fuck
to the point where i can’t stand to wear normal heels for jack shit
I can’t find any good movies to watch :/
wanting what everybody else has isn’t going to get you what you want
i follow too many cute girls on my main & my gay heart can't deal
When they say U should know your worth & own yourself, it doesn't mean U have to be an asshole about it. B*&$# be humble.
if shit don't add up, subtract yourself
"What?! Why wasn't he affected by my sexiness?!" - Ino # N a rut o
What's wrong baby? Don't they treat you like they should?
grown ass men from loona’s fandom coming for bp’s 5 songs? shouldn’t they be worried about heart attack selling 17 copies
Mucous is the most annoying fckin thing about having a cold . That shit don't run out . No matter how much you blow your nose or hawk the shit up
He literally told a gold star family their dead son wasn't a hero, mocked the disabled, mocked women's menstral cycles, enlisted the most homophobic VP in US History, said PTSD veterans are weak, proposed unconstitutional laws, and denied climate change
Damn I really did knock out
The devil isn't afraid of you!
I was nearly disappointed when i saw it wasn't raining. I cancelled my hike due to rain. ... Then it started to rain.
Don’t let my beauty fool you I can make some mad ugly faces
uh. i said water is awful but i didn’t say i don’t drink it. so why am i being attacked my piss is fine i hate everybody
The great thing is that I don't have to get an award to be somebody. I am a child of God. I know that God is changing the world right now and I trust his plan. #MAGA
I haven't felt shitted on....I think ever, besides me getting cheating on.... Congrats , you've reached new heights .
Can’t wait till my birthday! #Aquarius Gang
I have Paisyn sleeping 6 feet away from me because I don’t want her to get sick and it is hurting my heart. I just want to snuggle her
Me and you are not the same baby don’t forget
Shawty you just don't know. Gimme 3 and half minutes maybe even 4 you'll be wanting to marry me
Like this tweet if you play video games and don’t have any responsibilities on monday
They weren't lying when they said boy are from Jupiter
i can’t sleep oh my god kill me
it's p funny when you go to a party and a bunch of ppl u thought would be cool & chill don't even give u the time of day. l.a. rocks
I'm sorry but I don't think I can date anyone who doesn't share my sheer, unadulterated passion for Percy Weasley
Can’t cope anymore I NEED my bed
Dealers won’t drive 25 minutes to drop off but will drive 25 minutes to finesse you ;/
I love the way you lie
On our 10 hour car ride all I could think about was going to sleep. In bed now, can’t sleep and I’m watching the best News fails of 2017
you deserve someone better but if you’re happy then that’s all that matters, but aside that, aren’t you the loveliest, so much love in a person
I can’t believe Thomas has seen Craig’s dick
Dev just made my night & don't even know it.
Shout-out to maffew on #Botcha Mania. Three cheers for the guy who gets wrestlers air time who under any other circumstances wouldn't have gotten any air time.
why can’t a nigga just find one girl to vibe w and be his only girl they rather go out and fuck multiple girls and get a STD ok do u
busta...talking that toughbut ain't gone bust
I’m minding my business If it doesn’t concern me I don’t care what other people do in thier life
We may think we know what’s best for us and we tend to get discouraged when things don’t go our way...but I’m glad we serve a God who is gracious enough to give us wayyy more than what we truly deserve
Boys game Wednesday who’s going with me??
sorry I wasn't the same person eight hours ago
I want a boo but don’t want my time wasted
"Black Star, I can't come down, there's water. Carry me." # b o t
So you won’t ever have to suffer I’m eternally love
It's crazy how someone can tell you what they don't want you to do to them but then their doing it to you I hate a HYPOCRITE !!!!
lol my boyfriend is sitting right next to me driving n doesn’t even realize how many kisses hes about to get when we het home
I remember 2/3 years ago females was actin like they wasn’t sucking dick ctfu now they comfortable enough to put it on they tweet
She loves Snape. I didn’t see this comin
do you ever sit up and worry about the people you love and pray to god that they will make it home safely and some other random idiot driving under the influence doesn't completely fracture your life forever, cause same
lowkey want to play overwatch tomorrow highkey know that i probably won't enjoy it
just worked a 13 hour shift i’m so mad but my bank account isn’t
Our downstairs neighbors are ratchet as fuck. We can hear this chick and her roommate telling this dude that he ain’t shit, to gtfo and keep calling him a bitch
That time Zanark gave me his power, that wasn't the real me!, let me show you what I got.
if you can't man up and be 100% honest with me 24/7, then stop hitting me up. period.
Ok if you guys don’t know me, you wouldn’t know this, but I ABSLOUTELY LOVE award shows and award season, BUT this years golden globes had me snoring it was SO BORING, soo I hope that the Oscars in March are much better
i really have a 9 am tmrw.. like I couldn’t have a day to get myself together?? my bed time has been 4 am for the past 3 weeks ...
. Gotta get back in the lab this ain’t no one and done my boy
Lol why is everyone pretending they don't know the top qualification of being president of the US is willingness to drop bombs on people
this "if hillary/obama/whoever" had done it game has worn its welcome and doesn't add a new feature something is wrong
Rapidly approaching a very, VERY manic phase in my cycle so, please don't think you gotta look out for me but, please look out for me.
If I say I got you, I got you don’t ever doubt that
more wholesome content for NO ONE *throws laptop at wall, laptop doesn't shatter*
It's hard when someone special ignores you, but it's even harder to act like you don't care
I keep the gps on everytime im in a lyft or Uber. You ain’t finna be driving me anywhere in the world
My math teacher spent two days on a math chapter and then expects us to be masters. First he doesn't wear shoes in class then next he is a shit explainer? okkk
Don't know what to do whenever you are near Don't know what to say, my heart is floating in tears When you pass by I could fly Relate. Relate. Relate Haha bwisit na feelings to
I don't know if I should laugh or cry rn
I'm bout to just tell dudes to hit my line when they ready to take me out OTHERWISE we don't need to interact in any other way #PERIOD
“If you don’t stfu I’m gonna cry”
But this Simi's album is lit yo! Don't even know how to describe it...
Don’t call my phone wit all that non sense
don’t know who i love more nancy or max
My clinic manager want tell me we can’t wear acrylic I said that must of just started cause last time I checked the handbook it said we could. I been wearing them over a year and she just saying something.
I want to make dinner but my dirty roommate is here and I don’t want to look at him
Do you even love your gf if you don’t stay on FaceTime while she sleeps?
Don't lose that January 1st feeling! Week 2 is here let's get it!!
LIKE THE O-ZONE LAYER , YOU DON’T WANT SMOKE
Can’t believe UP is making me cry again in my last enrolment. Waitlisted for a REQUIRED class online. Department suddenly decided an hour ago to clear the waitlist & go back to manual enlistment to prioritize the students physically lining up there.
Wow the McDonald's at O'hare "doesn't do breakfast all day" this is absurd I am calling my alderman immediately
My son loves being up late I hope that doesn’t mean he will when he’s here
I don’t feel like I’m the only one.. jus got compared to his bf... smh shit like this hurts
This locked profile stole this tweet from another Domme I follow. And I can't even remember who but when I find her I am telling
McDonagh points the finger at himself. Says “our best players aren’t our best. They need to be better. And you can point the finger right at me. ... It’s my job to set the example and that’s what I’m gonna look to do.” #NYR
i need to stop being dumb bc i can’t afford to fail at this moment rn.
My roommate didn’t know that classes start tomorrow and didn’t book his flight from Florida until next week
We always have the ability to choose. No one can force someone to do or say something they don't wish to. It is our right.
Sometimes the blessing isn’t in what He gives you, but in what He takes away.
I got driven out of costume design. I refuse with my animal education. You can’t make me leave.
I am so bored And I don’t want to go to work tomorrow
And honestly its just clothes every where I'm trying. I really am. I just have soo many clothes and shoes its hard to keep In order
At this point I've given up ever trying to figure out which Uso is which. I don't know
Hope my dog is ok he acting strange he wont eat dog food and eats human food he tries to get your food and wont leave anyone alone if there eating do you guys have any tips for this issue
You are a star On my darkest night And I am just no one In your life Isn't it unfair on my side? You are my all And I am just none. None by Michelle Pecson
Ever since I saw that gays can’t drive, I’m scared to take my permit test. I’ve failed twice already!!!
stop tryna impress mf’s and be you if they don’t fuck with your vibe and your wave it’s not meant to be at all then .
I suspect someone is gearing up for a buying a lot. Not expert, but wouldn't sell too hastily just yet. Heard rumours of big announcements today.
My mom just found out that I got a nose piercing and a tattoo and she didn’t yell at me or anything, wow
I used to hold grudges but u can’t be mad at people for being who they are. Hate holds u back. Leave them alone and blind them with ur glowwwww
if you read this i hope you’re having a good day, and if you didn’t, i hope you’re having a good day too
I don’t want a new nigga and I’m not trying to deal with a new nigga neither
For someone that say they’ve never fallen in love bodies nor knows what’s Love you sure know fake love .
I be having to take my ass to sleep so I won’t eat everything in the kitchen.
I'm sorry, no. Susan and Jessica won for Feud. It was a tie. They just didn't want to say. #Golden Globes
i don’t mean to be so uptight but my hearts been hurt a couple times by a couple guys that didn’t treat me right
everybody changed their name and icon to devilmen and i don’t know whomst anyone is
HIGH PRESSURE ♪ T.M.Revolution 15490 #_キョクナビ
Sex keep on getting better cause she keep on getting wetter
"I just can't give up now, I've come too far from where I started from. Nobody told me the road would be easy..."
When you are "Important" in the people's eyes everyone is your "Friend" but once you don't benefit their interests, you won't matter.
I won't lie, but in the future I'd like to be a Drake-Type person. Singing and Rapping. Except not be shitty at it.
listen do whatever but I personally don't think you should be reproducing if you cannot spell above a second grade level
Feelings fade when people change, I stayed the same when you played your games and now, we're left with nothin. I'm not okay but it's okay, don't walk away, I'll take the blame before we're left with nothin.
If I said it I didn’t mean it lol
okay- we gooooood ok- i’m a little annoyed ok.- i’m very very annoyed k- im pissed k.- don’t fucking text me ever again
wait, don't tell me people actually think I edit my photos to make myself look skinnier... this my natural body just a good ass angle
I just learned some shit about myself I don’t think I was supposed to find out and everything makes sense now
I don't fear commitment, I just fear wasting my time
When I know a loved one is hurting, I can't stop thinking about it.
crazy how fast ppl switch up on you. one minute they’re your best friend, the next they be talking shit behind you’re back. can’t trust anyone nowadays
Why do us girls decided to keep dealing w same dude when he ain’t doing what you doing for him but if it was the other way around niggas be quick to leave you
honestly don’t know what id do if dhinesh didn’t come over with breakfast
I’m up like I don’t have nowhere to be tomorrow..... crazy thing I don’t know the time I have to be there
Most of normal people in your life can't see your hidden beauty. Just like me, if i didn't know you, so i can't see the special part of you.
I have a feeling that my goods return process might have problem... why can't the seller just arrange goods refund since she already ate some of my money despite I'm not getting the goods due to stupid forwarder rejecting.
I ain’t giving them none so I don’t give a fuck what they got
Hawaii Five-O is reason I don’t sleep
You don't even know even 10% of my story so...shut up. I believe you wouldn't like if I did the same thing to you as you did to me
It’s always the people that don’t need to be giving advice, giving advice lmaoo
Remember that the mistakes you make don't define you !
I only wear my natural hair during the summer when I know I have more free time. I just don’t have the patience during the school year, my schedule be too crazy.
Don't get discouraged by what you're going through. Your time is coming. Be patient. Where you are is not where you're going to stay.
I really opened doors for myself when I realized that brands didn’t equate to style
I don't mean to make anyone uncomfortable with this rant. I'm just clearing myself regarding the activity that latches on to me.
I can't even entertain this bullshit no more nor stressing myself
The #Golden Globes are a bit wonderful this year aren't they #TIMESUP
A lot of people like to complain but they don’t want to do anything about their situation. #LIVEIT #One Life #Good Morning #Rise And Grind #Be Legendary #Positive Vibes # Mind set #Monday Motivation
feel like some people treat me horrible but what if the tables were turned? y’all wouldn’t like that shit
One day off to relax well spent. Best part is listening to Rich talk in his sleep # d m t dreams # scientist b ab b le
Don't get me wrong I love my space, but I'm also kinda clingy lol if your energy is good then I'm tryna be up under you a lot
I don't body sham whatsoever.. So why do bigger females hate on me??
help it’s almost 5:30am I haven’t even been to sleep yet I’ve been busy re-binge watching Benidorm all night
Tried to set up a match profile. Made myself 45 living somewhere in southern Missouri. I’m going to die alone Bc i can’t even set up a fucking profile correctly. Like I’m not 45. Wtf.
Idk why people keep trying to play me like I’m some weak lame ahh female .... is it the way I talk or where I came from that has you fooled ... you don’t have to be from the hood to be bout it ... believe that #hadtostepoutofmycharacterforaquicksecond
sis, always check yourself for unnecessary negativity and bitterness. we don’t carry that kind of energy with us
sorry to any boys that have been trying to talk to me, i physically can’t hold a conversation for more than an hour sry
i don't respect people that don't respect me
The #AGDQ2018 overlay/UI is really cool this year. But I wish it wasn't taking up the whole screen every single time - I miss seeing the crowd in attendance at the convention in between games. Hope they fix it this week :/
i don’t want to go to school today
The one thing I can’t stand is when I ask something serious or its a serious situation and someone decides to lie to me. Like dude really ?¿?
Haven't Been On Here In So Long
Like for real, I can't wait to blow this Popsicle stand so I can use my dryer without the power going out. That and my heater.
She kicked me to the streets so I ain’t have a choice but to go back to moms 5 bedroom suite.
Cashier problems - when you're not due to clock in for another 30 minutes and someone gets mad at you because they're waiting in line and you won't open up a cash register
I had the best damn darndest coffee today and I can’t stop thinking about its richness, the coffee was wealthier than I’ll ever be and I can not wait to have my shitty cure Greg coffee tomorrow morning.
i just can feel when the feeling ain’t mutual
𝐆𝐫𝐞𝐭𝐚 𝐆𝐞𝐫𝐰𝐢𝐠 just became one of the first female directors whose film won Best Motion Picture at the #Golden Globes. Yet she wasn’t nominated for Best Director. Natalie Portman called it.
I didn't wear black today, but I respect all of the celebrities that did at the #Golden Globes tonight! #Why We Wear Black #Why I Wear Black #TIMESUP
Luckily, no damage was done. My entire studio functions the way it did before because all the items were removed, but the floor was flooded. This meant I didn't have a space to create videos for my video channel Motif Legend, or record music.
Check out #APPC AppCoin ...hasn't even hit coinmarketcap yet and it's got a million+ users. This coin has big potential!
listen oomf don’t even kno she bouta b my gf butttt
Can't. Stop. Watching. Friends. Send help.
"cocaine could make you happy too, just because it makes you happy doesn't mean it's good for you..."
ass ain’t want me back in da day
I dunno if y'all are just being memester monsters, but have you really not learned that we don't need a celebrity in the White house? # no p r ah
No matter how much I dislike a female I’ll never wish heartbreak on them I don’t wish that on nobody tbh. That shit huuuurrrrtttt
Losing friends ain’t shit to me .... I barely even fuck w/ half of my family ...
I really just go to work to get my 2 checks that’s it I really don’t go to actually work that job is fuxkin depressing bruhhh my favorite part of the day is when I’m heading home
I can’t wait to be in nyc
I HAVEN’T SMOKED ALL DAY I AM SO SAD
Either everyone is just busy, or doesn't feel like interacting with me. I understand, and I respect that. I just wished people were honest with how they felt. As much as it'd hurt, I'd love of someone just said "I don't feel like helping you out."
I hate the way I'm feeling right now and though I know I won't act irrationally it would be nice if I didn't feel these things to begin with.
//i don’t like english dubs :
i always end up reading reddit threads after every black mirror episode to make sure i wasn't the only one feeling that typa way lmaooo
I want someone to look at me and say "you're the reason I didn't give up" #Pay It Forward #Real Women Of2018
hey i haven’t tweeted in a while so i’d like to share some stuff
If I went down again would u fucc my friend?
Why am I still awake? Why can’t I sleep? Why am I so tired and yet so awake?
No job is worth my unhappiness. I shouldn’t have to go home pissed off 5 nights a week.
Yooo haven’t talk to you in a while lol
He mentioned my name during his Live in IG.
i haven’t spent a single night w out Nick in a week and i’m 100% ok with that
# Depression is an # illness . You don't just 'get over it'. # S u i c i de is the 10th leading cause of death in the world. # hope # Mental health #Mental Health Matters # S u i c i de Prevention # faith # believe # loyalty # support #Hosai Nasir
#Guk Updates I ran out tape and paper so I didn't get much done. I will buy some tomorrow. Since I can't print labels, drop offs will be on Tues instead of Mon
shorty you such a dime you don't even realize it
i feel like when my girl moves in i won’t need my phone anymore cuz all i use it for is to talk to her
a whole pixel is fixing her beak to speak on matters that don’t concern her
don’t know what going to happen, but i do know ima keep my head up
don't talk power boating to us sailors!
honestly wanting someone who’s toxic for you in your life is probably the hardest thing and my biggest struggle so hearing ‘he’s trash’ constantly isn’t helpful
Lakers aren't getting rid of Luke Walton. Magic has already seen that he brought the Warriors style of basketball to the team. If Lavar Ball doesn't get that he doesn't know the NBA.
gary oldman is the front runner from winning for best actor in drama. no wonder why Timothée didn’t win.
You don't need to go to college to be successful.
Seriously didn’t know that childish bambino had a child .. I feel like I’ve failed him as a fan
Don’t do no Cappin keep it 100
Wanted these all my life but ain’t care soon as I bought em
I said “if you don’t wanna fuck anymore you gotta tell me so I don’t ask” and he left me on read
For real I love the air-conditioned af trains
I hate when people tell me that I’m too quiet. Like sorry I don’t talk nonstop but let me be myself....I’ll talk when I want to, not because you tell me to.
don’t tell me you need me
It sucks wanting somebody that you can’t have
The Model T in 1908 was $850, equivalent to 41.13 ounces of gold. Today, 41.13 ounces of gold will buy you a car worth $54,291.60
I just realized there’s so much things I don’t give a shit about anymore
Ppl don’t like hearing the truth but I’m too real to give you anything less
Omg. I actually got more than 4 votes on something. I can't remember the last time this happened
& ain't shit gone stop me from reaching it
You don't need to prove anything to anybody. If you believe in you, that's all you need.
And honestly they came out pretty nice , even tho I don't look like I have a nice butt but in person it looked way better
Why it took me losing my dad to see who real and who ain’t still baffles me.
HAHAHAHA i’m meeting andy fr lunch today and he could’ve just met me somewhere but i asked him t fetch me from home first hais why am i so pampered HAHAHAHAHA
didn’t text my mom back for 30 minutes & my dad started driving around lodi looking for me
”...and secondly when I say that I love you that doesn't even mean that you have to love me back as crazy, and unorthodox as it may sound you don't have to love me back. ...”
I've loved Armie since U.N.C.L.E (didn't like him in social network )
My bucket list is comprised entirely of things I haven't eaten yet.
I don't get how these dead beat dads can do it.. when I'm away from my son I feel empty.
Yo deadass why aren’t babies 9 months old when they’re born?
if Allan wasn’t a baby, there is no doubt that he’d be with a asian girl lolol i love seeing all the love he gets!
I've finally drawn something that I might actually like enough to post!! Hopefully I don't fuck it up
I can’t wait till I see Unc I’m telling everything
If that one stretchy sheet wasn't such a pain in the ass to put back on. We'd probably change them more often.
Just reached 40 subs when i woke up this morning!!!! thank you my subs for sticking around! next goal 50 SUBS (and with that i don't mean subways XD) #You Tube # you tube gaming # gaming # S u b scribe # lets play
Wizard of words when he spits hazardous with it, like a disastrous blizzard So you better listen quick fast don't miss it Yeah go ahead lil prick bastard diss it
These bitches gon fuck whoever bills bigger! Don't trust em #ALLCAP
Haven't stopped hic upping the past 10 minutes hic upped really loud and pretty sure i woke up my parents, dog and neighbourhood
don’t give me some half ass love with some half ass attention
I am having the hardest time getting people to understand “don’t touch Me”. I been about to punch my brother in his face all day
Y’all know it’s deadass serious with someone once you don’t have to tell them to tell you once they’re home bc they do it out of habit
Omg I can’t believe I have Tristania’s Widow’s Weeds Tour live video. Fuckkk. # got h goals achieved
I need some Xbox one ww2 gamers pls, can’t keep playing with randoms
I just don’t know how to feel..
Lord knows i love my cousin but when we on FT this bitch neverrrr wanna let me hang up to go to bed. She act like mfs don’t gotta get up for school.
I can’t wait for the fans to booooooo Potus out of the Nat. championship Game tomorrow night.
I too use to being by myself I don’t be into nobody roun me
It’s hard to remember that no matter how perfect someone is to you they are human and make silly ass decisions sometimes and you can’t expect them to never make a mistake...
when your friends invite you to a party but you can’t go cause you’re sure someone you can’t be around is gonna be there guess i’ll be sleeping then
Anyone who doesn't work with your enthusiasm to start things will either never follow through, or take ages to.
because somewhere along the line, they told someone college wasn't for everyone + they weren't insulted for believing so.
I don't think I can stand the whitewashing of freak shows that is The Greatest Show.
ACK I'm gonna have to switch to mobile for this so I can't post source links sorry B( BUT I will try and post them tomorrow on my computer!
Jasmine made me a T-shirt that said "thedellery" on it and I can't believe I lost it?
He didn’t wake up though and I told her lil ass to share so it’s all cool.
I'll wonder about it and tear up babygirl cuz u felt it too and I wouldn't of loved nothing more than to hang with u again
Douglas starts jamming out to Taylor Swift, then looks at me and says “tweet about it idgaf” so here I am....
last night i went to sleep thinking i can get up at 5am and study, guess what didn’t happen
I wish it didn’t take years for me to fall asleep
Currently re-watching Pirates of the Caribbean 5. I'm currently also writing my own story on pirates. Who doesn't like a good pirate story?
since fish are under water do they see water or they don’t see anything?
I love when comedians say what they wanna say. Don't hold nothing back, say what you feel. That's what really make me laugh.
this sickness isn’t going anytime soon
I'm so fucking hungry but Burger King fucked up my order and I rly don't want to eat it. So thanks for that.
How can I tell Fifo that I don't believe in calling someone my best friend and he says "let's do open bestfriendship" Many are mad but Fifo is roaming
Sick asl, can’t even sleep rn. Thinking too hard.
(If y’all can’t do math that’s 8 yrs)
found another bar, also know the bartender by first name. he didn’t have my drink ready tho but it’s okay we’ve only met like 3 times and it takes at least 4 to become a regular
I can’t lie, I put “lol” at the end of harsh statements to not seem rude
“You can do whatever you want, as long as you don’t shove it down somebody’s throat”. #Rose Mc Gowan #Rose Army
i really love Lucya >< i really want she became my girlfriend but i can't ._.
Oprah hit a HR tonight. She was eloquent and powerful. She’s a successful entertainer and businessperson. She rocks. But that doesn’t mean she’d be a good President. She’s never served or had to build consensus. No foreign policy exposure. Let’s settle down.
Baby he ain't wat you need
The truth needs no proof. Either it is or it isn’t.
I can't sleep so I'm looking up mac n cheese recipes
Next time #Ridley Scott, maybe you shouldn't remove an actor from your film. Maybe then you might have won. I feel like Karma bit you in the ass, and I couldn't be happier!
B-ball isn't about finding yourself. It's about making yourself, creating yourself.
i jammed my finger today so bad and i’ve tried my best not to complain but yo, i just can’t do it anymore
Haven’t been on since New Year’s Eve I’ve been holding in a really big nut and I’m busting it tonight maybe I’ll record it
I seriously can’t wait to graduate and get out into the world to make a difference
If you don’t let them know ahead of time the things you don’t like then they’ll take advantage of you
The semester hasn’t even started and I already wanna go out and get effed up if I’m bein honest
Of course I’m still on Seattle time and it’s 12:25am here and I can’t sleep
Always believe in God, because there are some questions that even Google can't answer. #Inspiration Monday # B re k k o
This is such an awful feeling. My grandmother wasn't even sick or in the hospital or anything. She just dropped dead. So, I'll never get to say good-bye or see her again, which sounds cliche, but I've never been in this position before.
I can't thank everyone enough for all the love lately. I do what I do to bring a few smiles to the world, but it's YOU that brings the smile to ME. Keep being you and stay gorgeous <3<3<3
put me second, ima put you last... don’t ever try to play me like I’m regular
You don't know the full story.
people don't have to act so shitty
Honestly not living in a freshman dorm screwed me over bc I’m not social at all?? So I didn’t have the community where ppl wanted to make friends n I didn’t make close friends
Rave culture is getting destroyed by people who don’t even appreciate the music and just go to get tucked up.
Don't compete where you don't compare
seriously speaking, I thought eating with chopsticks would help me eat slower and it mostly didn't. but that was my fault because I felt like I had to compensate for the tiny amounts I was picking up so I tried to eat quicker. still gonna use them tho
can you believe i miss bri and i don't know where the fuck she is
Fuck, I didn’t mean to go that nerdy.
If you don’t watch Jess and Gabriel on YouTube then you’re missing out js
tbd not to be controversial but it is really irritating when people state their opinions as if they are fact! it makes it feel kind of superior and doesn't leave room for any other opinions and it's something that really makes me upset about the internet in general
Today, my brother looked to insult me by telling me I dress like DJ from Full House, and I still don’t know how to feel.
i dont know why but I feel this week isn't going to be a good week. /I hope I didn't just jinx myself
Since Susan Sarandon is ok with Donald Trump as president and downplayed Weinstein I don't want her to be given any platform. # fraud
I knew you weren’t for me, but deep down I wanted you to be
Baby was camping out at my place last week since I was back at work and he wasn’t, he made me banging smoothies every morning . But now I’m on my own again skipping breakfast
Don’t ask for my opinion and get mad when I tell you the truth.
The right didn't even know that, they know less of everything coz nothing of this kind of world of left, the least informed are the right arent they,
I want wings but I don’t wanna pay lol
Well it is after midnight, so my neighbors dogs MUST start fighting ......... Like they don't fight every fucking night....
Rap game: Denying but not disrespecting your family’s religion shouldn’t destroy your relationship with them
JoJo couldn’t beat dude on land. Soooo... because he’s underwater now he suddenly is stronger? #Anime Live Tweet #Jo Jos Bizarre Adventure # late to the party
Yeah you cute but don’t let that get to your head
Don't expect to get what you give, Not everyone has a heart like you.
& obv working for a rapist is BAD but it’s like. 1) name one powerful man in hollywood that isn’t a fucking creep and 2) let people apologize when they make mistakes!!
i actually can’t stop thinking about food.... this isn’t even a joke anymore i fully just need to make pancakes the second it turns 8!!!
Never go to sleep mad or upset at the person you love , bc you don’t know if you’ll see / talk to them in the morning.
To stay positive about going to my slaughter? this is how I'm doing .. it doesn't sound very fun to me .. I'm not excited about anything
anyway time to read my ff I don’t have time for school
Can’t wait till I can start grinding again
The Core of the Abyss won't allow me to destroy part of myself.. #Pandora Hearts
Some on in my complex definitely has the cough of death ... haven’t tweeted in a while, thought I’d share
Real People Don’t Give Up Or Walk Out On You When Will Y’all Realize This .
Sometimes people pretend like your a bad person so they don’t feel guilty about the things they did to you
I can't for it to be Thursday so I can spend my last 5 days of winter break in Santa Cruz.
I can’t wait to go back to Sac, I have no friends here lmao
Ain’t nothing bringing me down in 2018!
When your ex boyfriend’s sister has nothing better to do then creep your life day after day after day, i left him over a year ago... isn’t that what you wanted ??? so go away
okay so like i got so mad that i like forced a headache & it won't go away
i hope indonesian and malaysian wannables won't experience problems with IME.... which is quite impossible
i didn’t need to make this tweet but look it’s one travesty already that he’s in the movie it’s another travesty that y’all think he’s a rabbit fucker
They don’t deserve you, stay busy.
It’s so hard to find a girl who doesn’t drink or smoke weed nowadays smh
Season 2 Episode 4 of black mirror... wtf?
listening to Don't Stop Your Love
I don't know how I feel about this... But I guess a compliment's a compliment. OK, go on, then. Praise me! More! More!
I'm trying to have dinner but my gf won't wake up from her nap
Under-cooking food and poisoning the ones I love is legitimately one of my biggest fears. This bitch can't soft boil an egg without a panic attack.
if i say goodnight to you and you don’t say it back, we’re automatically not friends anymore
If I won't dirty I'll pull ya card
Ben Wallace not making 1st Ballot HoF almost broke me. I swear if Manu doesn't go in the second he's eligible ... in like a decade, I don't know if I can handle it.
i swear i really don’t be with this social media shit anymore i don’t be having the time.. u see me when u see me
#MYASU dude had some tight flows here and there but they never lasted longer than a bar or two. The tape was too long imo. I got more points but it's whatever.
Just kidding it doesn't matter probably but my hand talking has been on point lately
If something makes you feel bad, intentionally or not, and isn't constructive or meant for improvement then it's okay to move on and that's something I want to work on employing
You can ask these bitches for nothing and they still won’t have it .
i don't remember when i signed up for audible but according to my bank statements i've been paying $15/month for like a solid year
at least my followers/friends aren't calling you an aut*stic c*nt but go off i guess!!!
I really don't want to go to school ffs
I really want a velour tracksuit but juicy don’t accommodate this ass and all the ones at the thrift stores are literally burnt
Ever feel like you ain’t good enough for shit...
Like in n out & chile verde & all that good shit cause damnn...
Lol I think it has been proven ukuthi "thick" women are only "liked" on Twitter. Ngaphandle y'all don't want those stretch marks and cellulites. Smh
Haven’t seen my glasses in two weeks
I just realised that the biggest barrier for me in getting a new job has disappeared. My employer has closed one of their businesses, so now I can quit my current job almost any time I want. I don’t have forever, but definitely close.
I'm really nervous to see how my 2 year old husky is gonna react to this puppy. I just don't want her getting depressed, fr. Mia is my baby.
I LOVE THIS VEGAN SHIT! CAN’T WAIT TO GO GROCERY SHOPPING
Did You Know? Jungkook once received dog foods, he said he will going to eat it instead going to Busan to feed his dog. It makes BTS laugh. -Bwii © BTS - Born To Slay V.W H Y T E | TaeVen | Jezzapulgar
take it Back I don’t WANT THIS
It's either you in or you ain't there's no in between's
I blame 90's r&b for making me a hopeless romantic.
Don't stop asking people to events when they keep saying "no thanks". One day they may just be brave enough to say "yes please".
Really just started a show and hulu doesn't have the second episode
if u haven’t seen or don’t like the movie hot rod i don’t trust ur sense of humor
The money moves, the family moves, the relationship moves, the growin up moves. I'm looking at the big picture but, man it doesn't feel right. But it doesn't feel wrong either.
I don’t think he realizes how much he makes me smile
Ogenga Latigo:What happened in parliament is like a major earthquake. It isn't possible to prepare gardens(organise parliament) after such.
Quit dming me “”. Ain’t nothing to see here.
I have people try to tell me things and I’m just like, I really don’t care anymore
Bitch Have Standards ... iF That Nigga Ain’t ALL For You Leave His Ass iTS 2018 Stop Putting Up With Bullshit
I know you don't think it's right I know that you think it's fake Maybe fake's what I like.
Now two cats turned a grooming session into a playfight session. They don't want me to sleep tonight. Yay.
I don't have any hope that something dramatic will happen after all this time.
You don't get any points in life for doing things the hard way.― Tim Fargo # quote
I just really love to see people happy, idc if I don't know you from Adam If you've got a big grin on your face, chances are you've put one on mine
it's too scary I can't just try it
Sis got a successful clothing line under a brand that became relevant again thanks to her, got a successful makeup brand, and is dating a billionaire just cuz since she clearly doesn’t need to like I mean iconic or nah
I can’t wait to go to Africa one day, peep what my cultures all about
Y'all I really do love my friends so deeply Even a few I don't talk to much, if at all, anymore I love you all so much I rly do
I really don't talk to nobody how I use to all that friend shit faded when I realized people only love you when it's beneficial
It's so easy to wanna quit and give up when you don't see results but once you see even the slightest bit it makes you wanna go 100x harder
I don’t have a TV but # o p r ah # i just know it was good
I'm so sad my poor little hyungwon was so excited to get his prize and he didn't see his name y'all ugly
should’ve never napped now I can’t go back to sleep
Rangers are better off not making the playoffs at this point. Better chance at a higher draft pick. Obviously this isn't the group this team needs going forward. Time to think for the future. Funny thing, I've been saying that since 2016 playoffs.
Never let anyone decide what you can and can’t do with your life.
If you don’t wish me happy bday I’m not taking to you until my next one and you learn your lesson
Another game that doesn't give me Rush Coil for some reason. Okay.
Going to school today and I rlly rlly rlly don't want to go :(((
I can’t wait to decorate it for st Patrick’s day and Easter and thanksgiving and Halloween.
The new you ain’t a good you
Just because someone left, doesn't mean your happiness is gone. Happiness doesn't depend on anybody but in ourselves.
Honestly it feels so good knowing I don't have to add random people on Instagram like he does and I actually meet people irl and they ask to take me out.
I like being called beautiful all the time bc i don’t always feel like it. I like talking on the phone. I like seeing your face in pictures. is that too much to ask?
telling someone to “get over it” isn’t an appropriate response...
to everybody that stressing about they’re hw, y’all do know we don’t go to school till Tuesday right ?
I think we are in Rats' Alley where the dead men lost their bones. -- T.S. Eliot
Snapchat gotta stop playing with my heart. Stop saying that I lost my streaks when I clearly didn’t
"Don't talk to me like that, I have an ear infection"
girls lend their clothes to their friends but won't lend their boyfriends to their friends
A bitch ain’t gunna be able to sleep tonight.
You remind me of what I'm capable of Is this a memory or a dream I'll wait Putting hope in the fact that when I'm with you I don't feel so alone
These calls for Oprah to run remind me of 2013 when hipsters were urging Hillary to run until she did and it didn’t take enough to convince them it was cooler to support the less-qualified tall guy.
Why every time I have to work at 5:30 in the morning I can’t sleep??
oh jesus christ, please don’t tell me call me by your name didn’t win anything
Bora, rapper and main dancer from sistar, problem? # Bo tt y
ain’t had sex in some days..
but no lie my favorite lil baby stayed on the nawf and we couldn’t handle it
where is kevin abstract’s golden globe.
Ya'll boyfriends ASK ya'll for head and ass?! OF COURSE you don't deserve to be taken care of
we talk for hours and don’t even realize how much time has passed
Really don’t know why I put up with the stuff that I do
Shouldn’t have even bout that shit in the first place
I need more lady friends. I wish it wasn't weird to slid in another girls dm's
I don’t want to go there
thinking about this day for the longest time turns out it won't happen
chuck and blair just broke up and my heart isn’t in my chest anymore.
I just saw what I would say a 12 year old boy (possibly younger) with a “lolang” backpack on. If you don’t know, that is Logan Paul’s merch. Just puts into perspective how young his fanbase is. Terrifying
words don’t mean anything anymore to me it’s all about actions
She don't want a chump, baby want a champ
Don't expect a change of heart from someone who doesn't have one.
I have to be up at 5 and I CAN’T FALL ASLEEP
Im really happy Tommy Wiseau got on stage but I'm pissed Franco didn't let him talk
I’m bout to get dragged in the group chat
If you don't indicate a man in your 50s, you have no testes.
i’m so emotional right now words can’t explain how i’m feeling right now! i’ll NEVER be able to thank God enough for the blessings he’s given me.
when you read a message on snap but keep your finger on it so it doesn’t show you read it
You don't need no other lover, we can keep it undercover...
& of course i can’t forget ab my 2 favorite stud buds
I hate when I see somebody I know in public and they just stare until I speak like bitch you ain't got a mouth
She grabs her crimson, knitted cardigan and places it on her pale skin, the only other pieces of clothing being her skimpy, lace underwear. Luckily, she lived in her palace alone and wouldn't be disturbing anyone for the night with the flaws staining her skin. ▸
If you don’t fwm anymore then that’s fine. Keep that same energy till you or I are in a casket. Thx!!!
What stoners don't realize is that it super doesn't matter whether or not we're real. What really matters are radioactive decay and telomere research. Oh, and also the blockchain.
Some people just don't have the best intentions for you ,as you do for them.
I Didn't Have A Car For 3Weeks And I Was Miserable Af . . I Don't See How Y'all Do It Daily
Temp you know damn well that ain’t what I said.
Great Value Brand Cookies < Oreo. Hope that doesn’t go over your head.
greg sestero always looks like he’s just done i’m worried about him jk i don’t fucking know him
I hope she don't think getting up at this time gonna be a routine
i shouldn’t have all these bangers just chillin on my ipad these beats gotta get out somewhere
Then again I can’t pull out my investments...
I’m bummed out that I haven’t been able to go to the gym since the new year started can I just heal already
Just got back from my work holiday party. Had maybe 6 shots and I never felt buzzed. As a non-drinker who can't even remember exactly the last time she drank was, this is alarming. So I'm gonna smoke this joint, cause I'll feel that!
Doesn’t make any sense for an anime to be that fire
Gonna quit speaking to my parents till my ex isn't involved in my life anymore
Turns out my brother hasn't used a locker in 2 years because he could never figure out how to use a lock. He's been carrying his stuff for 2 years. # highschool
The fact that I don't come any where near Twitter and I still get notifications
ain’t heard from u since NIU. fu gang shawty
like. jonghyun is SO MUCH MORE than that... why didn’t u talk about him when he openly talked about his struggles why do u just use him now that he’s gone...
anytime a guy is shady with a girl max is always like, “DUMP HIM!” and if that ain’t a constant mood
Goddam this man didn’t get hit with an ugly tree....he got hit by the whole damn Forrest!!!!
Gosh isn’t it the best feeling to be happy.
I'm so mad I didn't pay attention to Mon Laferte until literally last night. I'm obsessed.
Still haven’t answered. We’re at an hour and a half and house is reading 61 degrees
and it wasn’t even dirty to begin with
nonbinary! genders! exist! gender! expression! and! gender! identity! aren’t! the! same! you! can! dress! however! you! like! and! be! whatever! gender! you! like!
Life is Beautiful! Don’t you think so too
Why don't they just make a award show where celebrities can go up on stage and they can air out any and all grievances they have, and then have someone hand them a little trophy?
I check up on people to make sure they’re okay mentally & emotionally but a solid 95% don’t really give a shit sooo ... uhh I tried, that shit hurted. BYE.
just because they smile in your face doesn’t mean they your friend!!
She walks slowly across an young man’s room she said I’m ready for you
jesus christ people I don't mean to be a burden or anything but reeses penis butter cups
Sooo twitter needs to help me meet Demi Lovato
I haven't seen Three Billboards because there's only one billboard movie out there for me and that's Billboard Dad
My intentions will always be pure, I don’t have time to be a fake person.
Right person, too bad you couldn’t notice
Smft I don’t have much friends anyways
So ready for lauberge this weekend. Ready to get the weekend started and this one ain’t even over lol.
They're bringing forth all their strength and fighting until they have nothing left. There's no way they wouldn't be having fun!
Justin and I explored every inch of NorCal that we don't know where to go anymore LOL
Gotta be successful.. ain't no way around it
I can’t believe Lana Del Rey singlehandedly resurrected Radiohead’s career
I get a little bit Genghis Khan Don't want you to get it on With nobody else but me...
Guys I know why I single Becos I don’t reply ppl HAHAHHAA
Tattoos don’t mean shit nomore it’s all for clout now
Cause I loved you, but I hated that me And I don't wanna see that side again
getting off that fake ass sh*t
Up, very worried but thankful for expectations. God remain God
Officially registered for the 20th Annual #Chaser C O N in # Denver in February! Can't wait to be there!!
Thank people who treat you like shit. You don't have to waste another damn day thinking about their sorry ass balls.
Before I start if any of you Montella fans think I'm serious and not completely biased in everything I'm about to show then don't continue watching
future me is prolly going to miss where im at rn but i can't soak it up / dwell on it too much or i'll never get to be that future me, wild and weird
Y'all lucky the 49ers aren't in the playoffs this year
These Nigga’s Will Do Any And Everything To Get Some Pussy .. But Won’t Near Put Tht Same Energy Into Getting Some Money .
Whenever they say you can’t take the T off
Before I had to leave, so another coworker and I left it for the morning crew to finish. We all would do that, wasn't wrong to do.
I’m wide awake bored like I don’t have school in the morning.
2nd gift of 2018 : 'a code of conduct means you can't get sued' there really needs to be a mega-rolleyes emoji
Tfw you watch an absolutely ridiculously remarkable speech from the boss queen and you don’t know how you’re gonna come down off the high, and then Jackie Brown comes on and all is swell with the world.
why is tana mongeau so fucking hot
Wasn't ready for that love so I mistreated it, I never knew how much I needed it until I grasped the concept of it & now I'm ready to receive it
That moment when you realize you don’t have to go to class tomorrow or ever
I can’t sleep & I’m really upset about it
Why don’t light sabers phase through each other?
if we don’t cancel tmr istg
Just so everybody knows. He won’t reply to Cat
if you're going to write a stripper au & call sex work "degrading," maybe don't write a stripper au
I literally just left the gas station and didn’t get any gas
Ik niggas sit around and talk about me the funny thing is I don’t even bother anyone but that’s the world we live In
It's so cold all I wanna do is be cuddled up with you !
my one piece from express was $88.. I still haven’t took it out the bag, you know I ain’t used to shit
One should always take care of three things in life; Promise, Love and friendship Because they don't make noise; but when they break; they create silence in your life.
I love my bf so much. Whenever I complain that he’s too busy and all that, he just tells me he’s doing it for us and for our future. I can’t wait to marry this man honestly.
Because their arguments are wholly fabricated and it doesn't matter if you can poke holes in them. I focus on love. If they're not about love, they're not about Jesus. Their Christianity is just a cultural appropriation. Another theft of White Capitalism.
Suisen, Risuko... I'm so sorry, it was all my fault... You wouldn't forgive me anyways, though...
Oh, /no/! My poor wounded soul! Whatever will I do with these insults scarring my heart? I can't go on...
Jeremy she says she's SORRY.. for GETTING EVERYONE EXPOSED? FEMALE & TRANNY EMPLOYEES TWACKED ON METH & OPIODS that have an #UNNATURAL OBSESSION w/ me in ENVIRONMENTS FEMALES are around to FUCK & get booted RAISES RED FLAGS.. YOU'RE TRASH JUNKIES w/ BADGES we AIN'T HAVING BABIES
we don’t speak the same language
If I ain't the freshest in the room 9/10 I'm not in that room
sorry but if ur name is not Santiago Huizar u have not been proven to be un fake. Santi the only absolute 100% real everybody else gotta prove themselves still. Some yall real close but ain't put in enough work. don't take this personally this just facts.
Commitment ain't a problem but wasting my time is I can't gain that back ..
Seeing so much misogyny tonight after the Golden Globes. More MRA nonsense, ignorance and "SJW" buzzwording. I hope the roles of women and POC in media continue to expand so much that these assholes will have nothing left to enjoy. They don't deserve fun.
Go on fb and preach about the injustice of black men and society. You can do it on here too, but don’t let the conversations make you ignorant.
Ain’t got wine drunk in a min...hmmmmm
So I just heard Kendrick Lamar's "DNA." and oh my goodness! The beat and the flow were insane. I can't remember the last time I instantly liked a song before this.
I miss you but I know you don’t care..
Ryan hates me. Won’t take me to get sweets
and another thing...I dislike shallow people because I don't fit their conceptions or whatever but I really struggle with whether I'd be a shallow person if given the slightest opportunity and some days I'm sure I wouldn't be and other days idk because cool is so alluring
I had to miss the Golden Globes because I didn't give a shit.
you just love being smol and cute, don’t you?
I hate seeing people with so much potential do nothing with their life, but fuck it can’t live for them
Can't Sleep Over Here Trying To Cuddle Up With Somebody's Daughter While I Eat Her Kids Fruit Snacks
Don’t tell me you don’t wanna go up and then seconds later tell someone to go in for me when it’s my first time going up # soccer p robs #firsttimeplayingforward # i ma defense
Working in a bar ruins lives, don’t think i’ve spent a day in the last 4 months without alcohol in my system
Can’t take selfies anymore because my phone will show all of my flaws
Can't get knock off my pivot I gotta play my cards right, gotta stack up them Benjis my nigga we gone ball fa life
I bought a lunchable and baked hot Cheetos and don’t feel bad. Tomorrow is a new day to start my diet
I DON'T WANT DRESSES AND OTHER GIRLY CLOTHES! I'M A BOY, MASTER!
How is it i can’t go hangout with guys that are my friends but u can hangout with ur ex? Nah that’s not right
If Thomas Conley isn’t one of your favorite people in this world youre crazy, case closed, make sure to wish him a happy birthday
yooo some of ya really broke & okay with that I could never... I know shit can get rough sometimes but don’t just shit on your ass, go and get it
Grant and Jackman aren’t even spelled similarly, how could I make that mistake?
A girls tinder bio was “don’t tell my boyfriend about this” I may be in love
Don’t let me get in bed with my heated blanket, it’s a wrap
// I CAN'T TELL IF HE'S TALKING ABOUT THE WATERMARK OR SOMETHING ELSE BC THE WATERMARK IS SOMETHING I NOTICED RIGHT AWAY
I haven’t listened to the full album yet because I don’t have streaming passes. #Stray Kids M I X T A P E
I'm tweaking bad for the 13th , I can't wait to make groceries
How is it beef if you don’t speak up?
i can’t wait to wake up to all the after party pictures of the cast goodnight i love them all
Feel like my heart is leaving my chest! This sucks on so many levels! I keep trying to keep faith but this ain’t easy! Everybody sayings it’s only distance it’s not that bad but it sure does feel like it!
“You shouldn’t wear crop tops” “You won’t fit into that” “Eat a carrot” Thank u
You always want that one girl who doesn't want you
Happy birthday to me! Luke is passed out and I can’t even come close to sleep
Ain’t no settling. I want them Oprah coins.
And I'm sorry that I've made it this far When you think of me don't remember this Not a slow wane of a blinded man
no matter how hard things get i stick my chest out , keep my head up , & handle that sh*t . . .
Today was really fun and I ain’t even do much of nothing
Don’t ask me to go out if it’s not to a legit club with grown ppl I’m tired of going to these childish ass parties with lil kids
May Allah s.w.t. forgive all of our sins and shortcomings – Allahumma ameen.
Don't give up I won't give up Don't give up ohohoh
uH reply to this w pics of ur fav to keep the mutual bc my timeline is getting messy and i don’t talk to a lot of y’all
I was thinking why I feel so drained bc I didn't do anything but read the au but then I realized that I haven't eat anything since I woke up but im not hungry???
there is only a small amount of people who are realistic and don’t jump to conclusions about everything. we care about the twins being happy and having fun. don’t it ever wonder that their bad days are because of us?
Just be yourself. You do know how to do that, don't you?
Okay I’ll go na AND NOT BRING AN UMBRELLA CAUSE IM A STUPID TEEN DONT QUESTION
You ever feel like a placeholder? I won’t get into it, but it’s frustrating
I hate explaining myself, you either get it or you don’t.
Niggas word now a days don’t mean shit. They just be talkin.
giovanni’s mom came in and said “you guys need to take care of yourselves. I don’t want sick grandkids” (‘:
I’m so tired of people being so damn soft like if you can’t handle what I say then don’t talk to me
My bae didn't go to work today so today low-key sucked
I head to bed tonight, knowing that I didn't do any of the Latin homework, and I'm okay with that.
This year I ain’t drinking no alcohol man watch meeee
giving my worries to God as school kicks in this week... I encourage you to do the same !! God is so cool, half of the time we don’t realize the amazing things he can and he does do.
I really ain’t trying to go to school tmrw..
Ya homegirl is going back to curly hair tomorrow and in so happy. Straight hair is cute and all but I can't deal with it
A real picture i just paint it.... i can’t tell you where to hang it
If the chiefs didn’t blow it yesterday I would have been perfect so far
I don't know why people act like Christ not coming to save everybody is far fetched I meaaaaan he only saved 8 people during the flood in the time of Noah.
I can’t wait to actually get started with styling. I have so many ideas.
Im up like i don't have a child to get to school in the AM....sandman please help me drift off
dead wouldn’t be able to marry someone if they snore
I’m everything they said I wouldn’t be ....
Someone waved at me today and said my name today and I waved back not knowing who the fuck it was cause I didn't have my glasses on smh im blind af
I have so many stress hives tonight I can’t even sleep. Whyyyyy # grad school # insomnia
I don’t want a relationship, really just want one nigga to give me dick & that’s it
"I won't pursue for average, I will pursue for greatness."
g shit don’t even touch my knee i’m good off that sex shit
I don't hate you but my mom does
I see you boo but I still don't like you.
// hope we didn't create a superconductor of random stupid shit happening. But we probably did . XD
if you don’t watch reign, than you’re missing out
I forreal hate using the emoji. It’s so cringy but since my irl friends use it, I have to use it or else they won’t understand my LMAOKKFJSDJJSDJ I CANT BESTHE OMGJDJF HAHAHAHA BITCHDHHE
So sad that Call Me by Your Name won nothing, NOTHING at the Golden Globes ceremony. If it did not win best drama, Timothee Chalamet should definitely have won Best Actor. Luca Guadagnino, James Ivory, and Sufjan Stevens (song) didn't even receive nominations.
I get called lame so much bc I don’t go out very often, and honestly it doesn’t even phase me. I don’t enjoy the party scene most of the time
Im lowkey getting old I can't hang anymore
How you gone love some somebody but that somebody don't even love you the way you love them ? like sis it's okay to let that go
Torash: Ku, stay with Syl and scout ahead. Syl: *grabs Ku fiercely* Scouting buddies! If we get shot down out of the sky then it's an honour to die with you, my friend! Ku: Please don't leave me with him...
After all, we're due for a long run of peace, wouldn't you say? Perhaps my kingdom won't even NEED a tactician! Ha!
she be dealing with some issues that you can’t believe, single black female addicted to retail and well...
The old bitches at my job that’s stuck in the same place can’t stand me!
I don’t really like her new haircut either but I’m sure it’ll grow on me?? I miss her colored hair from summer 2016
Haven't been on this inna grip.
People need to stop posting food on snapchat while i'm dieting.
Someday we'll know why i wasn't meant for you
I’ve known john & linda since i could speak, the world won’t be the same after today.
“we weren’t taught that sex is bad. we are taught that it’s sacred!” okay so then when is sex okay under ANY condition other than temple marriage? “never” okay. then you are indirectly taught that sex is bad.
I can promise youuu I won't change
Day was shitty but can’t let the devil take advantage
If you wanna be with someone, you have to be mature enough to stick around when things get tough. Relationships aren’t easy.
I don’t particularly enjoy spending time with lazy people.
I literally haven’t tweeted in like 10 hours
Junior is sooo mad because he has school tomorrow and his “mana” (sister) doesn’t have school
I give up..can’t do shit right.
I don’t care what the majority of twitter thinks. I like Tonya Harding. She made terrible mistakes but she deserves forgiveness, not cruelty and hate. #Golden G Iobes #I Tonya
I'm still heartbroken that Hugh didn't win. #Greatest Showman was his passion project, and he worked so hard to make one of the most inspiring films ever. Although he didn't win, he won in my heart.
okay i’m gonna sleep i have class tmrw
Well if this ain't a bitch
— but why must that be so hard? ;3; She wants it— but she doesn’t want to consequences jdkddjod S C R E A M
GETTING RID OF UNNECESSARY THINGS FEELS SO GOOD.
I wonder how it must feel for the men in the room at Golden Globe awards who haven’t been found out yet? #Times Up
Dad doesn’t have cable hooked up to the tv in his room but he has a DVD player. I passed the door and apparently tonight’s movie is Sweeney Todd.
don't look for trouble where there isn't any
Never thought I’d be this apathetic towards Arsenal. Didn’t even bother me that we got beat Forest
Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter. Mark Twain # mark t w a in
Even the blind can see. She ain’t gonna ride for me
Could go for some cereal but we don’t have milk
I am a clingy person that's why you don't have to worry about me I'm so infatuated with you I don't give 2 fucks about anyone else..... But I also know when I'm the only one working in a relationship.... Like damn
Homosexual mf playing with me like ima faggot ass nigga
There is something so adorable about my dog trying to roll into his back but deciding halfway through he doesn’t want to.
Is anyone else's mobile Google promoting scams that you can't click off of without closing the app?
she wonders why I don’t trust nobody not even her
Also, still feeling like absolute trash. Medicine is barely keeping me functional, but life doesn’t wait. Videos are coming, but not while I’m basically bedridden
Feel like a whale and I can’t sleep and be cool if someone was down to talk to me rn
You mf's love to act on social media, like y'all was there and ya'll really wasn't. Byeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
The problem with the American culture is that we don't appreciate the idea of a siesta. We need that here in the States.
I’m wide awake like I don’t have to be up in 5 hours
What they don’t know won’t hurt them .
I don't care what you do.
I know it wasn’t always wrong But I've never known a winter so cold
He who says he loves God but doesn’t love his neighbor deceives others.
i’m not taking any shit in 2018. i don’t need any type of negativity so if you get blocked or somethinnnn
Sleep for 5 hours. Don't let the priest notice you.
i got my heart broke now i don’t want nun to do with love
Practice isn't the thing you do once you're good. It's the thing you do that makes you good. Malcolm Gladwell # m a l c ol mg lad well
I’m gonna tell you how it is, I really don’t give a f*ckkkk. That’s just me
don't let this go to your head, but you're the best i ever had
Why am I sharing this Robot when it is so successful? Because I don't mind other fellow traders using it and improving their lives.
People don’t know how to act right socially anymore
It can be any woman i don't care i will wouldn't have one because of my autism
AGENCY: Orange County Sheriff's Department CALL: [TRAFFIC STOP] TRAFFIC STOP ADDR: OSO PKWY // FWY-241, RS D/T: 1/7/2018 9:08:43 PM #Rancho Santa Margarita
"I can't live without my best friend, I don't even know the world without my best friend."
I definitely heard God speaking to me saying “You didn’t come down here to play and you can’t take anyone where I am taking you” I heard that loud & clear
Fuck that, get money I can't give you my soul 'cause we're never alone
My housemates don’t get that I literally don’t wanna talk to anybody today. . It’s the only day that I don’t have to interact with people and I wanna enjoy it
The Moedim. Yah's Appointed Times. His Feasts if you will. Moed, singular, which means to be engaged in marriage. It would seem some don't want to be in a marriage relationship. Torah is a Ketubah. Wedding agreement.
worst feeling in the world is knowing you did the best that you could, and it still wasn't good enough.
I don't want to be anything less then happy.
Really working on my attitude and ways everything don’t deserve a reaction.
bYE KOREA DOESN'T ALWAYS LOCK THINGS TO KOREA BUT WHEN THEY DO IT'S SUPERRRRRR ANNOYING
oh boy i hope i don’t get bored with twitter now that outcast is over oop # b t sou t cast
So ready to start a new chapter in my life.
Something you can’t explain, you just feel... and we both know it.
I’m speaking everything into existence cause I know god won’t let me down
if you can’t do shit else, do some fuckin push ups man. it’s legit the quickest pump and will do wonders for your chest development
I'm not perfect, sure, but I deserve friends that want to respect me as a human, not friends that want to use me or don't care about me
Started watching Floribama Shore and it is an out of body experience and existential crisis all in one. What a train wreck. It can’t be real, there’s no way it’s real.
Malukai’s sick so I gave him cough medicine that’s supposed to make him go night night & he still ain’t asleep
i note everything . so don’t ever think i’ll forget
I can’t tell if I’m depressed or my horomones are going haywire bc it’s preparing to release an egg
I really don't fw nobody no more honestly nobody did nothing to me I just like my alone time
The man who says his wife can’t take a joke, forgets that she took him. Oscar Wilde
I am legit traveling to ATL for two days then Miami then Monaco I really don't feel like traveling
My dad is such a hardworking man & has provided such a selfless and patient example to my life that I don’t think I could ever love a person more
Whether you are for or against it can we stop calling it "UNIVERSAL healthcare" because we shouldn't have to pay for Klingon pap smears
The source of your “intelligence” is faulty. Don’t let them system win. Use YOUR brain.
It’s always a good turn up when you can’t stop replaying your snap story
I'm so glad my grandma is southern and had some of that cooking bc you bitches can't cook.
Niggas don't know bout corky Romano one of my favorite movies since a kid lol
Orange Police couldn't get their hooks into my Hock shop to boost their drug profit so because I knew what police do they destroyed my shop
how do you do it???? seriously asking because I completely understand how toxic it is to keep people like that in your life but I don’t know how to act on it. so instead I just sit and feel like crap in silence
Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go, they simply determine where you start.
CALL: [TRAFFIC STOP] TRAFFIC STOP ADDR: OSO PKWY // FWY-241, RS D/T: 1/7/2018 9:08:43 PM #Rancho Santa Margarita
if u don't see enough results just # grind harder
Can’t believe xo ended so fast:/
My curls haven’t reached their full potential. I shall wash my hair and try again tomorrow.
Marcelo: “We can't do anything more. We're doing what we can, trying to play good football, score goals, but it's not working out for us. We have to face up to this, go out there and run. There's no other way."
He just laying on me. I don’t think I’m putting him down tonight. Not many nights I’m gonna get to do this. He’s gonna be a big boy before I know it.
speaking of senior year, i don’t want to go back to school tomorrow :(
fuck, the website doesn’t load though??? it knows i’m coming. that’s why. you can’t escape your fate superstarbts
I want to, but I can't
if i don’t get something right the first time, i give up
Use to trip off that shit i was kicking to you. Had some fun on the run yeah I’ll give it to you, but baby don’t get it twisted.
Niggas on Springfield sneakertalk be having some crazy ass prices for some bum ass kicks lmao . Niggas be “$250 11s barely worn but my cousin wore em once but he didn’t go out side so they still kinda DS “
I really don’t understand how a person can choke on water. Like just swallow that shit dummy.
i’m actually very upset we can’t bring food onto flights lol cause if my ass really is gonna go to DR in april, i’m tryna be blasted half the time i’m there.. damn shame.
Don’t know what I’d do without Taylor he keeps me sane whenever I’m having a rough night with Ayven!
Stay safe always, and don't forget to bring your # b f f as always # B f f #End H I V
target is so annoying...why are you putting products online if you can't even buy them online...i've had enough
Dear Mr. Chubby Shindong Hee, I want to know why are you so gorgeous? You are my laugh-maker. Without you, I can’t laugh this often.
I want u all to myself I swear u don’t need nobody else
- can't help it if I'm in your head -
I was wondering why I was so hungry....and then I realized that I haven’t eaten anything since breakfast lol...oh well
You make me happy but that doesn’t mean I need you in my life
i can't eat i can't sleep i get anxiety
I still prefer the old Jumanji but the new version is actually really good. Either way, I don't think I'll be playing video games for awhile.
Bless the Lord it's another Monday Morning... To me Monday isn't Mournday but a Motivating Day. God bless you...!!! # Monday Motivation # Monday Morning # start something
“Me and Christina aren’t bestfriends anymore because we argue a lot” jtfo.
the world doesn’t deserve betty white
A coinmarketcap but it shows imputed market cap at t=heat death of the universe.
I wasn’t sold on this Destiny 2 holiday event but I just got to bring Lord Shaxx a Christmas present which was really all I ever wanted from Destiny 2.
According to a 2017 study, these hoes still ain’t loyal.
I don't want to be up at 4am
Why didn't Dad reach for his shotgun then, instead of putting some of the birthday celebration just as kings and princes do.
3-5 inches of snow today, 60° on Thursday. How does that even happen
I wanna watch Lottery Ticket for some odd reason .
I remember watching this season when it was airing in like 2006 but I don’t remember who wins. I keep thinking it’ll be her but gah she’s such a shitty human!!!
Aronofsky isn’t worthy to clean up the popcorn in a theater a Del Toro filmwas shown in. #Shots Fired
"Celebrities are gonna be president from now on. I don’t like it but that’s just the way it is now” is a very bad opinion I’m sorry but wow
i liked it better when i couldn't feel anything at all
My daughter kicked a rib outta place this morning like babygirl you gots to come out, you ain’t got any room. # come on n n n n n
Don't put nothing past no female. Not even my best friends. No shots, just facts.
I can't stand when people sit on their phones the whole time their with you
#Nobody Should Ever Feel Like we can't triumph over the bad people.
tbh words can’t explain how much i love ryland and i just want to express it but i can’t
Can’t wait until the day all The I Love Lucy episodes are available in color
Don’t you love when you really need a mani and pedi but you can’t afford either
omg I’m supposed to chill my drinking & of course I decide I can drink today and everyone keeps buying me drinks when I don’t need them!!
Having a hypothetical conversation with my gf and bf about my gf fucking my bfs dad. And my bf is hella defensive about her deciding she doesn’t wanna fuck him
Just cause I do cheer doesn’t mean I’m gay
If I can't find the cure, I'll I'll fix you with my love
I really don’t want to exercise tomorrow someone talk me into it pls
#B T Soutcast D5 is creeping me.. i wonder what our boys is thinking rn hahahah i bet they are confuse what's goin on.. if armys are like this i can't imagine in BTS comeback
I really don’t have any friends and im cool with that
She so precious, with the peer pressure, couldn’t afford a car so she named her daughter Alexus, she had hair so long that it looked like weave, but she cut it all off, now she look like Eve
Mimosas rly out here eating flour tortillas... Don’t tell me cats aren’t plotting a revolution in 2018
Keep ya passenger seat EMPTY all 2k18..! Cause these bitches ain’t down to ride
Yeah I'm fasholy not putting effort into something when it ain't gon be recognized LOL
I have no issues with transsexual men/women I just don’t want to date one ...they take this as offense but someone who does like to date them oh that’s their “preference” then why me not dating y’all can’t be my preference too ?
/sigh/ i don't have anymore motivation for anything
Someone on Snapchat just told me that "they have a lot to live up to & that would be you my friend." As I'm thinking, please don't encourage me, I'm already obnoxious enough as it is.
And they don't call me that for a reason.
My mom really don't Fuck with this hair
Woooo Hoooo! I get to take one in peace alone afterall!!
Don’t forget to wear purple tomorrow
there are some personality traits that being 6'4" just can't make up for (lol that rhymes)
don’t expect a whole lot from someone you treated to little
Can’t believe its been 6 months
this the year i don’t text people back, i’m not being left on read this year
Lol I legit walked my drunk ass homie to his room, tucked him in, and put his phone on the charger before I bounced. My friends don’t deserve me.
heidi just made me mad so i ain't texting her back
him: i will wait for you her: please don't
It's twitter man, don't get your feelings hurt
“I don’t wanna be drunk anymore”
I think I'm the only who is not watching the awards I even don't know what is the name of the awards
I just want to apologise to every kid that has to go to school also and try to have fun although I know you won't... It's school who has fun?
don’t have me looking stupid if I’m down for you, not to toot my own horn but if u lose me it’ll be the biggest L you’ll ever take
Remember some of the girls were saying ariana couldn't out sing Jessie j loud ass
i’ve ordered some pants two weeks ago & them hoes still ain’t here
Welp, had like 3 more but it won’t let me upload anymore for now, so I guess I’m stopping there lol
But she was already cheated on and she don’t even know it...
I can’t ever do anything with my hair without seeing 10 people doing the same the very next week.
I'm Ms. Mouth Hugs... I have a fetish. It is sucking dick.. Doesn't mean I suck random dicks..
How does someone film an atomic bomb and it doesn't destroy the camera?
Don't forget to get your daily dose of KORN.
Peter O'Toole was such a good actor please tell me he doesn't have dirt
My first class tomorrow isn’t until 2, so I’m really chilling at this point.
Black women: can y’all like use your privilege breakdown systemic barriers in spaces we don’t have access to? White People: ... Black women: ??? White people: Oprah 2020?
I wish we weren’t so distant now
Like how tf you gonna give me a half eaten bowl of fucking panda and think imma be good for the day wtf like that shit don’t shit right with me
They already GOT! although G stands for Golden Globe instead of Grammy. OH BUT SOON THEY WILL GET A "G-GG-O-T" WHEN THEY GET THEIR GRAMMY BY THE END OF THIS MONTH!
met you through brela. we don’t even text anymore
You too T!1!2!!! Now im okay but hungry
In fuckign deepo, doesn't tht explain alot about the pressure in labou and the sheer faces of, what will we do, and here.
For some reason i can’t control my mouth
Mfs really gotta chill don’t hype ya self
If it wasn’t for this pain I wonder where I’d be at
The heater in our apartment is positioned below our bathroom. I don’t know if it was intentional to warm up the bathroom floor, but the architect was brilliant nonetheless.
I can’t sleep with people that snore because they just may get suffocated.
sana takes such good care of me ic and ooc :( i don’t deserve her
I'm honestly not feeling good at all. Everything hurts, can barely breath and am so tired... Wish school didn't start today.
Nene read the dog shit out of Sheree. I didn't see the episode yet, but gatdamn.
Why can’t I just have a bobby-ray from to Wong foo? I want a bobby-ray from to Wong foo!
I know you got another nigga tryna play the part, just cause he got a heart don't mean he got heart
don't fucking asterisk Jonghyun's name like that. what the fuck even you piece of shit.
T minus 2 days until it’s back to the reality of setting a 5:30 alarm
Being quiet doesn't mean you don't get upset too
I don’t ever want to walk away from anyone who needs help
Don't need triage. I'd rather die.
Didn’t like that I had to work Saturday but love not having to work tomorrow!
You know that feeling you get when you feel bad about winning? I mean I don’t either but I think I get the idea. Hahaha
Certain energies I just don’t want to be surrounded by.
I’m used to getting everything that I have planned for that day done. I can’t stand to have something slow me down.
there’s a BOMB inside this bitch i can’t stop now
Mind wanders to places it shouldn’t at night the most
Sacramento is blushing that they got mentioned on television and that the next two words weren't "Kings lose."
Why y'all niggas on nonsense ?
I don't know how you do what you do I'm so in love with you. It just keeps getting better,I wanna spend the rest of my life With you by my side. forever and ever
... Don’t know ya but seem cool
we love our idol producer 대표 zhang lay
Okay sooooooOOoOo I didn’t buy any notebooks, guess I’m not taking notes
Didn’t realise this is male & female ward.
My daughter be sweating like a grown ass man I don’t get it
Those are Kanye lyrics if you don’t already know that
I swear, you don’t start hearing unexplainable noises in your apartment until your all alone ...
Why isn’t there a real Pizza Planet restaurant? #Asking For A Friend
can’t believe I haven’t been back in town for 4 hours yet & Nicole has already called me bc she ran out of gas at a meter # happy 2018
Think of something new you’ve actually learned in the past week; if you can’t think of anything, get comfortable where you’re at because you’re not going anywhere. To stop learning is to stop living.
pero like... since water isn't wet, does that mean fish are dry?
ok so like why can’t I just have normal parents ://
Raheem don’t kno it but this nigga bouta drive back to Texas lol
But my period isn’t due for another while wtf
I feel fucking miserable. I don’t know how to get out of this.
we still haven't gotten the cruel summer movie from 6 years ago
I actually registered to a course for this term, we haven’t started yet, the professor sending me bunch of emails smh I ain’t got no idea what is waiting for me! I’ll just say Allah Kareem.
Don’t tell me how to dress, I got myself
Get up go get it you don’t need no helping hand
i can’t believe i called these shawties my “ friends “ before
#UIDAI First you say there is no data breach, then you register a FIR for data breach. Make up your mind and don't kill the messenger.
Can't disclose all your moves, some still Pray on your downfall
I don’t have an attitude I just don’t feel like talking
This dude was really ready to risk it all today... in front of his wife and kids lol when I say niggas ain’t shit. BOY.
This hoe bitch just told me she mad she ain't got no good dick n months
i ain't going all out getting ready tmrw, try me for tuesday maybe
I really don’t wanna straighten my hair all year but I know I will cave
My green edit of Maxx won't upload smh.
Some body i know almost got into a bar fight because he said Bill Nye the science guy wasn't a scientist and went to college for mechanical engineering. The guy was offended because he went to school for engineering and is only a welder.
the fandom isn't what it was back in 2016,15,or14. we've grown up so has the twins,but for some reason we can't grow respect for each other.
This just ain’t the plug this the power liiiiine
Big Len.T said: don't look in the past; only focus on my future.
I really want a dog but I really don’t want the responsibility or the financial toll that will come with it
Suddenly, these girls beside me didn't realized I paused my headphones because I heard them talking about me.
Let a nigga be down bad or some finna happen I’m the first hoe you niggas call I can’t stand you bitches
Fushimi isn't here, mention/DM if you need him.
it’s such a hot fuckin’ take to enjoy any ~problematic series like oh no!! something actually bad happens?? characters aren’t perfect?? taboo relationships?? fiction isn’t a guideline for reality lmao
I always told myself to never get attached to someone .. but I finally let that happen and I couldn’t be any happier
Fear who? Fear what? .....God? Failing? Nahhhhh not cut from that cloth. I recieve power from both and I gain enouth strength to succeed. God don't make mistakes and God got a strong soldier over here. Embrace God
I don't even want a nigga fr lol sorry
wow i really haven’t seen erick in 2 weeks ):
If they blocked you, they ain’t over it idc what they say
I’d lose my mind, if i didn’t have you
Don't stay just because it's convenient. - bed to Dashe
I’m gonna need a bigger bed bc I can’t sleep without Wesson and I know I’ll need the twins in our bed too
In my heart, i know God truly did what was best for him. I know that he would not have wanted to live the way he would have had too. But my God, i just wasn’t ready for him to go
I've never dated someone who didn't like Swift Turns out I have a type
Laughing about someone's depression is wrong on some many levels. You don't know the amount of pain someone else goes through.
yea the mom ruined her daughter’s life but the daughter didn’t need to go that fucking far, like i almost cried bc i felt so bad for the mother
some of y’all i can’t a number to bc y’all gotta follow me
Anyone who calls himself humble, isn't.
I don’t want you niggas. I’m not feeling you niggas.
bruh I havn't seen a nigga get stuck in a long time
Ok Justice League wasn't that bad. Cheesy scenes there and there but I managed to finish it
I would shoot my shot at oomf but he ain’t all that. Lame ass nigga.
I don’t know why I still love you
Its fuck you I don't care hour
I’ve really grown .. I don’t even argue with you fools nomore
Omgggggg I wasn’t expecting her mom wowowow
Do I think Carolina could have beaten anyone else in the NFC with how they played today? Yes. And I didn’t give them much of a chance going in. Tough draw.
If your definition of # Diversity doesn’t include the # D is a bled in the conversation, you’re truly not upholding the ideal principle of Diversity .
When I first started tlkn to her I told her ass my life is literally 50 shades and she ain’t believe me
My standards are so high that I can’t date until I meet a few more of my own standards .
Can’t wait to see my bbg teaea on Tuesday
When you want to take a quick 1 or 2 hour nap and you don’t wake up for 7 hours # sick life
Hopefully getting cleared Tuesday .. really don’t want to get my hope up . In all after they run the last test next week everything should be on track for recovery
The technique used by a woman to sexually harass a man is: claiming that if the guy doesn't give a fuck: he's either gay or impotent OR even professionally incompetent.
if that boy don't love you riiiiight noooww
We don't believe that making people destitute will improve employment prospects. We urge government to commit to an independent review of the jobseeker compliance framework before any reform is embarked upon. The Welfare 'Reform' Bill must be rejected. # a us p ol #dignity N O Tpoverty
Oooh you called me a bitch Honey you act as if I didn’t know that already
Quarter Life Challenges (no I won't refer them as Crisis) are tough, yet they are really fun
Bon voyage - and don’t come back! 55555
I love people in my presence but I don’t like to be bothered,..if that makes sense.
-playing Skyrim -disembodied voice in abandoned house tells me to kill the person with me -do it out of curiosity -find an altar where said disembodied voice gives me another fucking side quest Moral of the story: don’t kill someone just because a disembodied voice told you to.
Don’t be mad I ain’t pick you
I think I’m sticking the short hair. Ever since I cut it short I felt a relief. I’m not going to lie I do miss my long hair but as a mom I don’t really have time for that anymore.
can people stop acting like you can’t enjoy the greatest showman and hugh just because pt barnum wasn’t the best guy in the world bc seriously you guys need to calm down, it’s a good movie with a great message
I wanna delete all my old retweets so I can start using Twitter more seriously BUT IT WON’T LET ME
People might think I don’t appreciate things they do for me but understand that I do, that everything they do stays with me and if they are ever in need of anything I have their back
it won't load . just like every other site bts have some affiliation with .
I haven't had a cig or a beer for a while now. Quit cigs cold turkey, less drinking since my blood pressure was high
trying to sleep but I can’t stop thinking about bbq chicken mac & cheese
Haven’t been on here in a while, having to study it a bit for work.
If people could stop posting snapchats of them getting blood tests and needles in their arms and such, that’d be awesome... like I really don’t get it
I can't get over my twin on my Snapchat story.
In case u didn't know Baby I'm crazy bout u
Like girl ya mama ain't no bum bitch that sit on her ass all day, I gotta sleep early
If you ain’t been Fwm why start now?
Dear neighbors: Please stop trying to play Baby Shark on repeat and full blast. I would end up writing the lyrics instead of the thesis. Yours, A struggling grad student (who doesn't want to leave the house today)
Richard and I went and watched fifty shades darker for our second date and we hadn’t even kissed yet and was watching porn together
Fuck grand theft auto ugh my tv an me like wtf an why .. when he leaves ima throw the disk away saw what I ain’t saw shit
Ugh I don’t wanna go back to work tomorrow
he ended up in er due to the medication part. the staff that was invoved are still working i have contacted school superintendant head of special services. school board won't let me talk about it in open forum via school board meeting due to their rules.
"Zero is where everything starts! Nothing would ever be born if we didn't depart from there!"
| I wasn't trying to be rude by the way. It just came out like that. I'm sorry
I hate when I can't sleep because I go through my snap memories and it's so bittersweet.
I love when people that ain't doing shit with their lives try putting an opinion in on mine, and what I do. Finish hs & get off parole
Cant tolerate anything except.. bunga kantan..
Raining rather heavy isn’t it gents
So glad classes don’t start this week like everybody else
#WEWONTLETEMSLEEPIFTHEYDONTLETUSDREAM IF THEY DON'T LET US DREAN THEN WE WON'T LET EM SLEEP ! #DREAMBIG
One of my biggest regrets was trying to get someone to give me what I gave them. If someone doesn't value or recognize what you do for them...leave them alone.
why do niggas hide they gfs????? then when the gf find out about you she wanna fight .... bitch i didn’t even know you existed cuh yo nigga ain’t shit
I don’t have to make choices out of absolute necessity anymore. I have to fully believe that in order to flourish.
can’t believe i slept on vsco for so long
OK, Kirby Battle Royale demo makes me super excited for the game. I know it won't be super major, but there's a LOT they can do with this setup. I kind of want a Kirby RPG with this system now to be honest.
my love life perfectly fine, don’t worry about me
Don’t question me. Just trust me.
Ewan McGregor is 110% getting his Obi-Wan on and you can’t convince me otherwise.
I haven’t felt like myself for so long, I dont even remember how my normal self feels like
Don't rub your insecurities off on me.
These dick suckers just don't know how to stay in they place
This my last semester. A bih can't tell me
Can’t believe I’ll be 25 this year.
So. No the ER can not diagnose you over the phone. No we don’t give out wait times. And yes we are open 24/7. ITS AN ER.
Talking to kaitlin about how my brain still doesn't compute that I'm 20 now. Like damn. I want to get married and have kids by like 25. That only gives me 5 years.
Just tryna figure out why pictures of people I don’t follow are popping up on my IG
I don’t have no time for distractions, negative energy, or people half assing me.
SHOUTOUT TO THE TEACHER THAT GAVE US A EXAM REVIEW AT 11:20PM THE NIGHT BEFORE THE EXAM,,, YOU ROCK DON’T EVER CHANGE !!!
You can’t make me love you if I don’t
Thankful for the army of people & all of their support that have helped me get to this point of starting my student teaching internship tomorrow. I’m absolutely terrified, but also excited & I owe it to everyone who believed in me when I didn’t. Thank y’all.
If you don’t have a look on your face like you smelled some piss when you hear Mac Dre idk what to tell you
furthermore, always the pessimist, i don't wanna sound anti feminist or whatever but like,, we're never gonna change anything anyways rape's already illegal and people still do it and if we've got literal nazis running around what makes anyone think we can fix this?
When life gives you shit you make kool-aid :-)
She wasn’t the most attractive girl in school. She never dressed up like any of the girls did, never wore makeup and it was (as I always deep down knew but found out later in life) that my friend always battled with her gender.
Lmao....I can’t honestly cop to being played at no point in the last 6. But I DEF understand her logic
You’re not Filipino if you don’t use Vick’s vapor rub to cure all sicknesses
don't wear crocs in the snow
When your teammate is a trash talking Legendary who doesn't stop fighting 1v4...
When a person says something, believe them , they aren’t saying it for their health. I got it bad taking stuff as a joke .
It made me sad when my mom mentioned that my friends don’t come over anymore, I mean they’re all busy nowadays but it made me nostalgic, so I guess happy in a way
I ain’t having no sex til I get a ring on my finger. #My Vibe2018
“If you want to be alive, don’t let Donghae drive!” – Eunhyuk lolzzzzzzz
like wtf don't be all "message me if you need anything" bc sometimes it's hard to ask for help?? and hey?? how about let's not ignore people and be decent human beings??
ㅤ❛ Don't act all high and mighty because you have an IQ in the one percentile. I'm plenty smart, I just don't fill my head with useless information in correlation to my job. ❜
oh nuh uh we don’t speak that name
It’s been 7 days since 2018 started & I haven’t gone to the gym
if you wanna leave just leave, but you ain't gotta lie to me even the blind can see that you ain't gone ride for me
Fuck I haven't played a good raging show since October. I have mega withdrawals.
Imma end up confessing my love for him and I don't care
Hot take that actually isn't so hot: Modern isn't that healthy right now. It's fun to watch, and great to play at a local and GP level for reasonably low stakes. But a startling amount of games are non-games. 1/3
getting up for work today was so painful. i can’t even imagine how bad it’s going to be tomorrow
I refuse to be begging for someone to love me this year. Either you do or you don’t. Either you wanna work this out through thick and thin or you don’t.
If this isn’t some good hair I’m going to be highly pissed
When my ass , clear face, and slim thick body comes in this year. IT’S OVER FOR YOU BITCHES
If #God's not in..You can't win
It just ain't worth it when you get nothing in return.
Just don't fuel that uprising flame, that's my tip. Or else, it would get worse.
I don't think I can sleep
Tonite, my players went to "Space Applebee's", and talked to Professor "All beans"....this is why we can't have nice things lol #Starfinder R P G
why doesn’t twitter user tana mongeau love me
They build malls(shopping Center)but you can't went to the mall to buy,if there is no jobs,that can give you money to visit the mall!
Can't wait to see how fun tomorrow will be. Who am I kidding, having to be up in 3 hours shows my excitement for it already! Am I ahead of the game or what?! # retail problems
I’m not sure how much I fux with the whole “this isn’t a night about fashion” thing when y’all show up in literally *the most* stunning black dresses, but the messages were real # golden globes 2018
My favorite book is Perfume by Patrick Süskind. I don’t know … it’s so well-written that you can imagine everything perfectly.
Word of advice if youuu in a relationship and youu not feelin it TELL THEM , don’t have them out there looking stupid.
Kermit’s been packin the girth for years, but yall ain’t ready for that
Back to 2014 it's been 3 years since ORANGE CARAMEL released My Copycat MV and I still didn't find the members in it !
Don’t let me use the internet when I’m drunk. I just spent 100 dollars on shit I don’t need lollololol
I don't know why, but thb i prefer glow with the 3 members (felix, chanbin and minho) lol
Lemme just add an "lmfaooooo" or a "LOL" to the end of that text so you don't take me too seriously while I seriously call you out
Tomorrow is the first workday of the week- remind yourself to approach it with positivity (something I struggle with particularly Monday mornings) and try to manifest what you want to happen. Don’t live life for the weekends, enjoy some part of each and every day
lmao it’s literally just a tattoo soooo many people get names tatted and y’all don’t be going crazy like this y’all acting like she gave ha soul away for that man
that long nap wasn’t worth it now because all i want to do is fall asleep
I have homework for work due at 10am and I haven’t even started. Procrastination always win even when I try.
okay seriously i don’t care if there is a trigger warning don’t put animal abuse videos on my fucking tl. don’t rt them. don’t like them cause sometimes we can see videos you’ve liked. keep scrolling.
That sort of sports hierarchy... I don't like it...
Strawberries doesn't have to be nearly $4 for a small carton... bastards
I completely shy away from women I’m actually interested in so don’t read me wrong
after spending a week with Gabe and having him hold me while I sleep and being beside me, I can’t sleep w/o him. this sucks
The Jackson’s American Dream is on VH1 rn, the kids ain’t born yet either. . YOU’RE WELCOME Y’ALL
CAN I GET A HELL YEAH IF YOU DON’T KNOW WHAT YOU’RE DOING WITH YOUR LIFE AND YOU DON’T GET ENOUGH SLEEP؟!؟!
Why can't I keep this asian boy band off my timeline
This entire break has been filled with people highlighting how awkwardly I walk/stand and usually I wouldn't care but it's really gotten to me :/.
Watching Kanye's film, "Runaway" for the 71st time. So far, so good.
I can officially say I'm 100% over having/smoking cigarettes. What a waste of money and harsh effect on daily health. Sure I smoke my ecig but I definitely don't need cigs or chew anymore
If you don’t care about your sins, no matter how small that mistake may be, know that it will become a very big thing on the Day of Judgment.
Well my sleep was ruined by my dog walking into my room and hopping on my bed..... while knowing she isn’t allowed upstairs. Little bugger
Sit down you ain’t scaring nobody, be careful before the wind snatches your ass up
I ain’t sucked a tiddy all year
Hoes out here having 4sums wit niggaa I can’t even finesse my way to a 3sum I need to get my bag up lol
Ion compete wit NOBODY I jus do me and remain real n true to my peers ain’t nun special about me
There are things at play here we can't hope to understand
It ain’t shit compared to losing your other half
Key to be lasting in love is a consistent belief.
The episode wasn't that shocking to me because I already knew what was going to happen. Still scary as fuck, though.
If I could sing, y’all wouldn’t able to tell me anything
Don't Step with Anger Step with Clarity . - Usher
My heart beats only for you
i can't believe i'm so close to making this a reality never give up on ur dreams buddies
I don’t understand why I have the shoulders of an NFL linebacker but not the bank account of one
Harassment will not be tolerated. It will be reported & then blocked. I don't have time to deal with racism, sexism, or ignorance. # Humanity # love
Oh baby come on let me get to know you, just another chance so I can show you I won’t let you down and run
Both babes are asleep and I can't so I'm gonna go continue to fight some Imperials. # Sky rim #Nintendo Switch # mom life
I'm so nice to people & it bites me in the ass. But I won't let anyone ruin my character
My ex sent me a Snapchat saying “ex-boyfriends that don’t change their Hulu password >>” and then got mad when I went and changed my Hulu password.
Ctrl+shift+t reopens a tab you closed on accident
Ok i'm so tired, i shouldn't have stayed up till 4:30am knowing i had to get up at 6
Poor man wanna be rich, Rich man wanna be king, And a king ain't satisfied 'Til he rules everything. #Bruce Springsteen
I just wrote.....so much......and my computer shut down.....and it didn’t save......
I really can’t stay ... ahhh but it’s coldddd outsideeeee
Do the best you can to let go of past trauma. Life ain't always easy breezy and sometimes seems unfair. But you have the power to control what haunts you. Don't let it haunt you.
Crushing loss earlier today. Good season. Although I believe we underachieved. But can’t look back, have to look forward. Have to #Keep Pounding
Don’t want to go to bed cause I know when I wake up it’ll be Monday
Idk why I just bought Hulu I swear I had a reason but now that I'm looking through the shows I can't remember for the life of me what I wanted to watch on here
Sometimes I can’t control the child inner me.... DO YOU WANNA BUILD A SNOWMAN~ COME ON LETS GO & PLAY I NEVER SEE YOU ANYMORE COME OUT THE DOOR IT’S LIKE YOU’VE GONE AWAY!!!!!!!!
I don’t hold grudges. I just distance myself from the fuck shit.
can't wait for me & bae bae to get our own place.
actually, i don't think i can do this. i love sleeping
There's no point to chai in winters if you don't do suduk suduk
“Love is understanding, not transformation. And if you find somebody that doesn't understand you, at whichever point in your life, run. Love them as they are or leave them be.” -- Guillermo del Torro during a discussion on The Shape of Water
The world don’t revolve around you.
bro u ain’t even that famous there’s no need to be a dick to people that clearly give a shit about you
Also, not entering another's place of worship is probably harmless and a religious choice. But hatred isn't harmless and is a divisive choice. It is a result of generalisation and we as adults have a responsibility to not let it grow. #Mothering A Muslim
Nigga we cut off everyone including family don’t get it twisted cause we carry a few of the same dna strands
Yes~ i know i'm a bitch. i don't care.
im fucking whacked right now from vodka bc I don’t drink this shit I’m stunned I need to go home get me away from this bar
He isn't making himself look any better.
Nigga Oprah couldn’t even do the grilled chicken at kfc coupon right fuck she gonna do as president
Dunkirk didn’t win any Golden Globes. Seriously???
I think a lot but I don’t say much.
Still can’t believe you’d say that shit to me
my room is my happiest place to be and I don't think anyone understands that haha
Boys think girls are like books, If the cover doesn’t catch their eye they won’t bother to read what’s inside.
"I forgot squids here don't go to school...(Is that why they're so fucking dumb.. Explains so much, holy shit..) Yes, that's what [Censored] is."
I remember nights I couldn’t remember nights
When arguing with rightwing Christians about whether or not my gay Christian friends have a right to exist as God created them, I don't focus on the minutiae of doctrinal points or try to bust their myths one-by-one. (1/3)
Lol white Americans from FB are trying to educate me and other darker skinned commenters that Asian skin whiteners aren't at all connected to wanting to look Eurocentric
My best life doesn’t look the same as yours.. & that’s where people get things confused!
THEY DONT BUT UH whatever i don't care
while some people are ready for valentine’s day, I’m excited for Ash Wednesday, which falls on the same day this year
I wish Sloane doesn't turn out to be a flop Grand Slam winner. I wish.....
I swear if maintenance doesn’t come and shut this damn fire alarm off we will have problems.
i don’t want to start over with someone new.
These people also don’t know today’s date. And they don’t understand parking spot numbers. #WTF
I can’t let up on these bitches imma add that pressure
After 10 I don’t trust you
Been working so hard it doesn’t stop !
I CAN JUST MAKE A THREAD
I find it hard to be happy in my own personal life so I turn to entertainment and social media to keep me occupied. But it looks like I can't even enjoy that anymore.
LT well not so many ppl I ain't that friendly or nice but a few ppl lol
So I just watched Black Mirror to understand what the buzz is all about and although I liked it, I can’t help but feel...very creeped out
I can’t sleep but hey neither can you x
I love the valley but sometimes I wish I didn’t live here
I don’t know if I have ever dreaded a Monday more than I do right now.
Can't wait for the kids to go back to school tomorrow! Kid vomits. Fuuuuuck!!?!!
I don't be liking nobody, not even myself damn sometimes
Please report if I don't tweet by 2 pm. Thank you and good night
“Fun? I don’t know, fun and failure- they both start out the same way.”
if you the type of nigga that act like you can’t do shit for me then move around.
Well friends, I don't think I can cam today. I have to dry my sheets and my dryer keeps tripping my power D: That and holy moly band practice ran late
hmmmm , woody allen is still alive .... was hoping i wouldn’t have to say that again this year
I can’t wait for the summer cause on nights when I can’t sleep I’ll just sit outside and smoke and chillax
Look I’m still upset that pizza chains don’t deliver to my school instead it’s these mediocre pizzerias
I really don't wanna work tomorrow
I can’t sleep. Mind racing a mile a min
Home now. It was so boring. Bubs like an old man so we didn't even have a drink and came right back home. Goodnight
my fuckin boy. it’s a shame i haven’t seen you all break fo
I hate it when I don't know what to tweet about.
Jon, can I play too? Oh, Jacques. You can't play, you don't have haaaands!
I'm cosplaying tomorrow as best p5 girl I literally can't wait
B't ansinungaling mo? It's really hard to trust.
Don’t worry guys - they moved the erroneously parked plane to another empty gate RIGHT NEXT to the one we’re supposed to be in. Wooo glad we worked that out
But it’s a lotta shit I cared for that now I don’t give a fuck about.
You miss every shot you don’t take.. and I’m an idiot goin out on a limb but I’m gunna take this shot.
“Whoever said it ain’t the end of the world, and you’ll find somebody new, must’ve never met you..”
Started reading the B T S Outcast this morning and I can’t stopped reading it. Haha. It’s so interesting. I love reading it. #B T S Outcast
okay maybe i can't hit that before i sleep
If you aren’t watching Black Mirror on Netflix, then why even have a Netflix?
Can’t fuck with someone who let’s someone else disrespect me.. Where they do that at??
the soondingie nation doesn't claim lgbtdae btw
They say it won't be hard, they can't see the battles in my heart But when I turn away The demons seem to stay
Can’t feed into this bullshit I got to much time
can men stop saying “hun”, “sis”, “sweetie/heart” to womxn they don’t know (esp if they don’t have consent) bc that shit is DEMEANING
Can anyone recommend a good Stencil artis?
When I’m around you I can’t stop being happy. I’ve never felt like this before and you don’t even know it.
Don’t stress over the minor shit.
I haven’t been this happy in forever
i can’t wait to see what my future holds
disliking a fandom doesn't mean you dislike the group automatically, but keep in mind that the more toxic a fandom gets, the less ppl want to check out/stan/continue stanning that group.
Don't worry about what it may look like focus on what it IS boo.
How you don’t like me but you don’t even know me lmfaoooo ugly ass bitch
I don’t wanna be an adult anymore
if we don’t have a t l e a s t a 2 hour delay tmrw i’m dropping out of school w less than 5 months to go
It's hard seeing literally everyone else find romance (easily without effort) and I am always the one guy being left out. My shyness & social stupidity doesn't help. I learned how to suppress loneliness but it comes up every once in a while.
I was so emotionally unstable I couldn’t even give my baby a funeral this shit fucking with me tonight
I don’t get why it’s always so difficult
my mom just accidentally called buttery nipples “bloody nipples” i can’t
I have to be up for work in five hours but I can’t sleep because there are stink bugs EVERYWHERE. And Dylan might kill me if I run the shop vac again
I've never posted any nigga I've dated on social network an I don't really date like that soooo even when I was in a relationship no one ever seen pics, I just never cared to post any I guess lol
I got some good ass friends and I ain’t even mad lol
She don't fuck with broke niggas and I love that shit
You know when you need food but you just can’t move
i’m starving and i can’t even eat
Some people don't like that Sasuke and Sakura are together. We'll.. I mean..it's not the first time an emo ended up with a pink haired chick lol
Hate seeing shit that i don’t wanna see
can't believe bts is gonna get me to play rhythm games again
world's gone crazy and it ain't safe on the streets
Investigating Clinton will not suffice. America already knows of her criminal enterprises and will only be satisfied when she is prosecuted for them. And we are already more than aware that THAT isn’t going to happen. # trump # ma g a # pot us # go p # d e m s # resist # tuck e r #Ingraham Angle
It doesn’t matter what I’m driving. I’m the worst then I got the audacity to blame everyone else smh.
If you can’t accept what makes me happy then this is me saying goodbye.
Sometimes I just really don’t know what I would do without essential oils.
It took 2years. For me to get pregnant after i stopped taking my depo shot. TWO YEARS. I’m not saying that birth control is just totally good for you... But don’t believe the hype...
I don’t even wanna go to class tomorrow
i can’t associate with people who don’t have priorities, i’m tryin to succeed. with or with ya
bitch i can't open the website hhhhhhh yall so quick
Exam in 24 hours... and i can't sleep... this sleeping pattern has got me good
I can’t fucking sleep and I’m not gonna be able to wake up tomorrow morning
It's only my third day out here I don't know
I had to ride the bus and I didn't make it
This is why we can't have nice things, chavos.
I can’t fall asleep again and my body is destroyed dear god this shit is hell please let me fall asleep
Yall don’t know the difference between “You can come if you want” and “I want you to come”.
I heard "DAMN" I thought it was pretty average. I don't believe into much hype
When they are planning my 21st but it isn’t till October
People want to be black but don’t want to go through the things we go through, being black isn’t a trend
When Kodak Said “ If You Wanna Leave Just Leave, You Ain’t Gotta Lie To Me” Shit Hit My Soul
I always settle down for guys that aren’t even willing to settle down for me LMAO
Don't be ridiculous, Sasuke. It'd be Sarada with the cursed mark.
My first ever mega creeps comeback holy shit can't believe
#The Pirates Of The Carabbean5 #Dead Men Tell No Tales is genuinely a bad movie. Script doesn't make sense, it's boring, nothing is explained and the CGI ... I really wanted to like this movie but god it's awful.
On today's episode of things you don't miss until you lose them... da da da INNOCENCE
Ctfu she said u don’t take me serious bitch u just had ah whole nigga on yo insta u was hugged up with... lol hell nah i don’t
Don't waste her time if you will not marry her.
imma pre register tomorrow if I can the site isn’t loading
To be mad in a deranged world isn’t madness, it’s sanity.
I call him daddy but he ain’t my mf father
I miss EDC... I haven't been able to make the festival in the past few years and I can't wait until it makes its return to NY
I don’t see you as much as i used to around school but i hope you’re still as funny as you were in highschool speak next to ya see me
Girl, I'm in love with you. This ain't the honeymoon. Past the infatuation phase.
ain't it crazy how the person who made you cry is also the one who makes you happy as soon as you see them?
I ain’t never wrote a female about a nigga
"Don’t spend your time on and give your heart to any guy who makes you wonder about anything related to his feelings for you" He's Just Not That Into You
i don’t have the patience for this
If your friends aren’t happy for you when your happy, you need new friends!
i didn't want to care about the #Golden Globes this year but then i remembered the Disaster Artist was nominated. seeing Tommy and Greg in that audience gave me the warm fuzzies.
I’m happy my new gym has facilities for children,I can go with my daughter and instill exercise as a lifestyle for her.Our parents were trying to survive and didn’t teach us healthy habits.
why can’t my mind ever rest
High schoolers have a rude awakening when they get college. They don’t cancel classes bc it’s “too cold” or “roads are bad” you better be in class or die trying
Oprah has shit to do and ain’t tryna be in charge of this mess
I cried when they didn’t win but I would’ve still cried even if they did win
Sad my cousin didn’t win best original score :/ but he still have five Oscars so it’s okay
despite society (on a large scale) moving towards accepting queer people, it's still difficult to talk about queerness directly in art in many many sectors (like anime) when you decide something isn't "canonically" queer bc a creator hasn't come out and said it is—
Can’t tell if I just miss being in a relationship or just sexually frustrated
mostly I don't want anything extremely bad to happen to samot and samothes fjjdghdj (clamp's doujin is sad too but at least it isn't uh. everything else devilman is)
It was nice having the headphone jack while it lasted :(:
it's better to have nobody than to have someone who is half there, or doesn't want to be there
Ain’t No Secrets , Ain’t No Lies..I Keep It So Real That He Gon Always Come Back & Fwm
Uugghhh craving ur attention but I won’t ask for it cuz that’s not me. Anyone else have these type of days?
i can’t believe there has just been a third roommate in my house that lives here that I haven’t even met IVE BEEN HERE A MONTH WHO IS SHE
I was thinkin' about you Thinkin' about me, Thinkin' about us, what we gonna be? Open my eyes I t w a s o n l y j u s t a d r e a m
Ima be the back bone for my future wife and daughter. They won’t have to worry about anything
"Don’t you want someone who is your best friend but also can make you curl your toes?!” - Rachel.
ok so lady bird won but the (female) director wasn't even nominated? hollywood can sod off
You don't prepare for death by idleness or isolation, you do so by engaging your spirit,soul and body for maximum enjoyment of what you have been given, benefits of humanity and glory of God.
Thank gah I didn't watch the #Golden Globes this world is crazy. Lol
Don’t Talk, Just Act. Don’t Say, Just Show. Don’t Promise, Just Prove.
I haven’t had confidence and drive in about a year. I need a kick in the ass I need something
If God thought you needed someone to be great you wouldn’t have been born alone
Certain people you just can't fuck wit no more!!!!. ain't no beef!! just can't fuck wit you
It’s so dumb we gotta hide cuz now we can’t talk and that’s all I wanna do.
I can't believe I ever had a curious cat what was wrong with me
Unless you are personally called out, you aren’t personally called out so why defend? General facts are not individual indictments.
I really can’t decide on a bathing suit I’m bouta jus get both
For Vikas masternind tag is use for tasks. For shilpa mastermind tag is used for all the negativity she has spread! VIKAS DESERVES THE WIN
i don’t pay attention to little shit
when my YT channel starts, i ain’t gonna have no one to feature because everybody’s either leaving or always busy welp. i have my little brother
FAN MODE: If Sean Miller can’t run away with the Pac-12 this year, then maybe the jig is up. Crushes recruiting.
Niggas be so 50 they ain’t solid for real
I know for a fact that cats don’t hatch out of eggs
You got me free falling through the sky you take me to a different kind of high
Barca payed how much?! Ya'll can't be serious!
Gonna study the word more 2018 the same time we can give to foolishness or to Facebook etc is the same amount of time we need to give to GOD can’t speak for others but I am!
I want one of those lil puppies that don’t get bigger than the puppy size
My glands are like golf balls in my neck everything hurts all I want is sympathy
If you're black don't allow your children to get vaccines.
35.- I'd like to think not... I don't really know tbh 36.- season are boring here, I don't like summer cuz it's hotter tho When i lived at Maine I loved winter but fall was probably my fav ;v;
I'll get the PS4 Pro for the holidays. The crypto coins are more important now because theyre cheap. The Last of Us II and Days Gone <3
Man ion give a fuck if me and my cousins ain’t on good terms if anybody got a problem with them they got a problem with me.
I never talk politics with my dad bc we don’t see eye to eye on anything and it always ends in an argument but for the first time he finally said “Okay. You’re right.” And it wasn’t just to get me to shut up :’)
I hate that I tried to work on two different drawings tonight and barely got anywhere with either :,). I'll finish something eventually... I hope. My body just been not the best for a couple of weeks.
I have class in 8 hours and here i am crying. I'm reflecting on my winter break thinking of all the sad things that happened and my main man can't even be here
Of course the only time of the day when I don’t feel good is when I want to sleep!!!!!!!!!
I don’t want nothing to do with nobody that’s not beneficial to me!
Honestly, why is sexuality such a big deal in our culture? Some people like to fuck. Others don’t. Some people are straight. Some aren’t. It’s not fucking rocket science.
music is what keeps me going. the artists that i love aren’t loved by me because of their looks or popularity . they’re loved because they had an impact on me , no matter how big or small
Can't draw a picture of him, but gonna name every male child the same name. Makes perfect sense
I haven’t smoked since my junior year but I’m really down to smoke a blunt and just cruise the backroads...
First tweet of 2018 about how much I hate LAX but def won’t be the last
Gotta focus on me i can’t make nobody happy I’m sorry , I’m kinda all for self right now !
For those who didn't know, if your classes are up, you can check your class roster on BB and see who's in your class
Honestly, it’s not fair that I don’t have curly hair</3
haven’t been on twitter all day
"If I don't have to do it, I won't. If I have to do it, I'll make it quick." # b o t
I'm not going to wait untill your done pretending you don't need anyone, I'm standing here naked
Hilary Clinton killed 'Joe biden's son so he wouldn't oppose here as an oligarch in 2016
I need get out, but I can't say goodbye. You lost again poor boy...
If I hadn't lost faith in blizzard's writing before, making Lucio's cereal pronounced "Lucio-O's" instead of "Luci-O's" would do it
Idc what you play but when you bitch about others and you don’t help that problem then we’ll
I ain’t fighting no btch 2018 period tf
RUP$ Rupee is at a great price to buy for a great return... don’t wait long... #RUPEE
When u be ready i promise i won’t # b e l e e d at
I can’t find a pdf but Idc there’s no way I’m buying this $100 book
I really be trying to give this twitter stuff a chance, but my attention span don't be having it
Of late reality haven't been real?Its all an act now.
I loved him with all my heart but I bet he doesn’t even remember my birthday
Now I can’t trust honey either??
i can’t believe i know so many future girlfriends! wow
{ i mostly eat sweet things. i don’t really like meat but gd i love fruit }
Really can’t decide on Vegas or Mexico for spring break
...They say "Don't get bitter, get better" I'm working on switching them letters But tell God I'mma need a whole lotta hope keeping it together I'm smilin' in everyone's face I'm cryin' whenever they leave the room... -I'll find you by Lecrae
guys, don’t let ya girl go to bed upset
wanna start a YouTube channel about cars like “how to” and like customization and car meets & more. But don’t know a good name. Need help
Fuck off #B T Soutcast D5 Wtf it is ? I don't understand
i’m so mad that someone who doesn’t give a fuck about me knows so much about me lol
i couldn’t dislike anyone even if i tried lmao i don’t care enough to
Shouldn’t have took that nap earlier!
Lex be ON TWITTER 24/7 but if you call she don’t answer
I didn't peak in high school or in college so I either peaked when I was 2 or it's just never going to happen.
QUICK POLL: the game i was gonna play ain't workin, so here's a quick poll, which of these iphone games should i try on twitch tonight, poll closes in 6 MINUTES
ok this is a very bizarre and terrible timeline BUT [whispers] Angelina Jolie and Jennifer Aniston were both at the same event, and both presented, and I haven't seen anyone mention it
I just did about 30 squats. I can't get off my couch. Lmao. Sos. Send help
It’s really no comparison because I ain’t nothing like them
Tbh I shouldn't have started reading fan fiction again,but I can't help myself.
I have to be up in 5 hours but i can’t sleep because I’m too busy staring at tinsley in awe of how perfect she is.
I hate a childish ass person who can’t put their differences aside to have compassion
y'all really be supporting that movie about that guy who is involved with an underage kid huh? can't relate!
Why is that annoying bitch t************* all over my TL? Get her off and ignore the bitch!! Stop giving idiocy attention!!
duuuuude literally everyone is getting puppies... But me.
Ohhh well homie! You lucked out! I ain’t that easy! You fine af too but that doesn’t mean imma let you hit
God without you i couldn’t have made it this far
I see way too many fine women stressing over guys whos beards don't even connect. Do better.
hi mr. sun ily but pls don't shine on me
I really don’t want to go to school tomorrow
You don’t know self control until you have grease all over your hands and your nose itches
Who even let these mf's text in the jail house? Q be on it don't let me piss him off I'll have A whole s.a. and I just be like "least he used that 50 cent wisley" instead of A short message .idc bout cuz attitude EVER
Like say what it is & ain’t gone be . Keep It pushing
Entries- "When I say that I love you that doesn't mean that I own you. You don't lose your individuality. You don't lose your free will. You don't lose your freedom because I say that I love you...”
Unless they’re busy but 99.9% of the time they aren’t
Celebrities do not need to be president. We don’t need a damn president.
They've all got a/c ce$$ "verbal courage". T.V., radio, internet. Conspiracy'$. No plan. Pro test hq cia head queens.
Second, rural folk are neglected. There's a lot of corruption there. I think we can't do away with corruption, but people's livelihood is at stake. Third, a lot of kids do not have equal access to education.
Why can’t i stop watching gossip girl
Spurs fans out there, this ain't looking good down the road. I trust Gregg Pop cause he the best coaches ever but having ya franchise player hurt is a huge deal.
Haven’t been this happy in a very long time
If LeBron really does come to the Lakers, I wont be surprised. I meaaaaaan, who wouldn't want to end their career with our team
the color pink belongs to wlw, sorry i don’t make the rules ¯_(ツ)_/¯
really don’t know how heavy i ride for mine!!
I now understand why time flys in college.... I didn’t even realized it was my birthday until someone texted me Happy Birthday at midnight.
currently typing this with one hand because my cat is laying on the other which would be totally fine with me if she weren’t also clawing the shit out of my boob
bruh I'm so thirsty. didn't have my id so I went like two years thru my pics to find one of my id. lmaoooo bitch I'm legal , you finna gimme this shit
“Thinking with emotions won’t lead to rational answers.”
Okay WHY am i listening to American Football downtown???
update: it doesn't appear to have been done by clamp at all?? wh
Wow I cried during tonight’s stream out of pure shock during little nightmares. I wasn’t ready.
I don’t give a damn if a nigga say he knew me.
Oh yea let’s not forget the constant tweets about going after political opponents or others who have done him wrong! It’s the AG job to protect Trump- hell no it isn’t. What is it autocrat or dictator 6)
ouuuuuuu i have not seen my man all day, I can’t wait to see him later
Like it's kinda impossible but you really just have to give out time I'll loosen up eventually and try my best you just gotta be patient with me I've been through a lot i don't give into things easy any more been hurt to much in my life
I don’t even know how I feel about this
i...can't believe i spent more time configuring shit yesterday than the day before yesterday...
Y’all I’m being a sad sally right now lol don’t mind my tweets
i don't like to drink i don't like to think fuck that
All the vampires know that we don’t go to sleep
Son of a bitch I'm just trying to relax and have a few drinks, dogs won't stop barking, no big deal but when neighbors dog barks there's a problem, grab AR go outside it's like 30 wild horses, they look healthy just going through
Best part about a pokemon randomizer is that you don't get stuck in caves full of zubats.
Posted "text" on sc and got snappeedd onn . Ain't sure how im supposed to take that
So people are moaning about gender at this years ceremony, and people weren't moaning about this years ago because...... #Golden Globes
Unlike Eren, I didn't witness the attack firsthand.
What’s with white people feeling like they can use “nigga” so fucking freely son?! Like yea we shouldn’t use it because of the history behind it blasé blasé so why the fuck they think they can
Man I really can’t stand when people have bad BO...like strong, in your face BO that hits hard after only one whiff.
Haven't slept properly for over a month now .
If someone would have told me that my belly button piercing still wouldn’t be healed all the way after a year I might have thought twice about getting it
Today I was told once I start taking care of myself and stop taking care of other people imma be unstoppable. I really needed that.
'why don't you ever post any pictures?' cause my self esteem is so low it breaks through the earths mantle
aaah nothing like texting bois who don’t want u
I kno he was tough to get along wit that's why I can't really put it all on Aaron for they weird relationship
Sometimes what’s right ain’t what’s best and what’s best ain’t right.. just gotta rolle ehh it and make the best of what ya got
Update. Didn’t order pizza. Maybe tomorrow
It’s so nice to know that I don’t have to wake up for school tomorrow lmao
Can't wait to have # coffee on Monday
I haven't even started the semester yet but can it be June already I want to graduate
Why can't I just be a normal fan??? No instead my brain is like wow shirtless Kurt Bale is an A+++++ time i am here for it.... what the fuck why am i so weird????
H to the A-T-E is what yall throwin at me
Can’t score, can’t play defense, and the coaching is horrific. It’s literally Lundqvist or Pavelec vs. the opposing team every night. Pretty unbelievable how they’ve masked the Rangers to 22 wins. Something needs to change. #NYR
isn’t it funny how lying comes so naturally now a days.
Pray - Father, please don't let me miss any opportunity this year. Holy Spirit, Please help me to recognise every opportunity that comes my way, this year. #A New Dawn
what do you wear on the first day of class when you wouldn’t even know what day of the week it was if class didn’t start on a Monday
I haven't had a beer in 7 days. New year, new me
Yet I can’t do anything, boleh dgr je, tanya khabar, bring her to the doctor when she needs to
You don’t do wife shit for a hoe. Period.
Wanting something that you can't have sucks
This world too crazy as is... can’t trust mufuckas for who they portray to be to allow or depend on these ppl to have influence on your kid especially young men , little boys being raised as such
I can’t find the camo pants I wanted
I can’t even watch el señor de los cielos cause I feel like I’m cheating just by watching that man .
packed all my clothes and i moved out, i don't even wanna go to your house
I’m like a flower.. throwing dirt and shade on my name, isn’t doing anything but helping me grow.
my birthday ain’t till like 2 and a half months and I’m already making plans, I’m so excited
Don’t ever forget to appreciate what you have, and don’t ever take anything for granted
Don’t waste your words on me...I want your energy
I usually don’t like babies until they’re one years old but with my little Lea that has changed!
Day 8 Of 365 : move forward and don’t look back.
Dealing wit a heart that you ain’t break is a gamble but if you really love or really fuck wit that person you gone gamble til you broke
The bag don’t change, just the ways to get it
i don't trust people who have an usa flag on their twitter name
I'm currently reading The Last Namsara and it's 5am and I keep trying to sleep for half an hour then reading for half an hour and t h I s b o o K
I can’t eat hot cheetos how I used to. My stomach doing backflips
Its unbearable to have this much love but nobody to love & share. Take it away from me, i don’t want this feelings anymore.
Don’t tell me you want me...come get me
Haaaaaa I can’t focus on anything today
I’m getting a new life. Don’t sweat it.
" Half past midnight and I still can't sleep...that's a first. " The male's wolf like ears droop a bit...napping is his favorite activity and he can't seem to fall asleep...it's sad really.
The Masters tools can't be used to dismantle the Masters house
Don’t tell me you miss me....come see me
They’re so little , I don’t even know how they’re going to process it!
The struggle real but the pain realer,ppl don’t understand
The more beauty gurus post about unboxing packages, the more I feel like these companies should be giving them away to people who can’t afford it. Idk?
- you’re so pretty :,) i see you around but we don’t talk let’s be friends :*
I’m always good ain’t gotta check on me
I haven’t been on Twitter in so long
I didn’t think I would care that it left, but now that it’s gone, I’m really sad Paradise Pier is gone :(
Tuning MBK-T-ara drama kick off in the beginning of 2018. Hot drama among K&Inetz, trending whole nation everyday. Let's wait for the rating from Agb nielsen.
I don’t get impressed by any bitch I get them often been had them hoes since elementary criss crossing #All Facts
if oliver doesn’t wake up & pay attention to me ASAP i’m going to lose my mind
my mother and i keep talking about how the Cursed greyhound and she doesn't want me to be traumatized by the trips but she also said "next time go to new york" (bc it's in america so there's no immigration) but (eye emoji)
My only goal I wanna achieve in 2018 is that my last BD sign over his right to my child it’ll be one LITsituation I ain’t lie
Don't know how many more games ASU can win with Romello White logging only 6 minutes (that's not a typo) but they successfully dodged that curveball tonight.
Time to get festive again. Christ, you guys weren't kidding about those soldiers.
Our federal congress is the equivalent of my nipples. They’re there, but they don’t really do anything useful. # de schedule can nab is # high times # boo sessions
Couple bumps apart of the grind nahh iono mind
just kidding you've given me enough pls don't give me more
Classes don’t start until Wednesday , what am I going to do?...
I’m so hungry but I don’t know what to eat.
Can’t help but feel so lonely sometimes
I don’t want to hurt anyone anymore
Please don’t be a do it for the gram ass nigga
PSA: You don’t need money to pick up garbage in your neighborhood. You can keep your home clean too and don’t even need to be rich.
Love isn't about sexual intercourse and kisses. # love . # love quotes #Wenger Out #Open Heavens2018 #Golden Globes #Golden Globes2018 # O p r ah # quotes
Him: To the Moon and back... Me: Looking at watch, yeh I don't have time for this.
I really wanna go on a defy gravity date but he don’t want to go with me
i can’t stand dirty work but i love no idea
Been working so hard on my up coming YouTube channel, i can’t wait
You don't have to talk about any other girls. Mutually.
he ain’t even doing nothing and you over here ooo’ing and ahh’ing bitch what
listen, if you get so angry that you can't walk down the stairs correctly that sounds like a you problem. Don't pin it on me bc I was the one you were mad at.
I don’t think anybody gets me
I don’t actually know how to use Twitter lmao how sad
my fav person in the world!! (prob said that to every person i love) it’s obvious lah why you even like this post HAHAHAH but can’t wait to spend my life with uuu (not that i hv a choice ehe jk)
Man if you ain’t watch that New Dave Chappelle On Netflix you trippin that shit funny af
Had to leave that hoe alone I couldn’t deal with her
When was the last time the entire political media complex supported a candidate didn’t work out the way they thought it would. # O p r ah
S-senpai! It’s raining really hard, I don’t think you should walk without an umbrella.. M-Mine’s kind of small so we’ll have to squeeze but…
i can’t believe civil war came out 10 fucking years ago
I feel like I keep watching the same episode of Naruto and I just don't remember
if you haven’t been watching peaky blinders, tf you been watching
WCU got all these RAs snitching, WCU can’t save y’all from the real world
REMINDER: y'all niggas out here playing...WE AIN'T!!!
“Don’t wonder why people go crazy.. Wonder why they don’t.”
((Wow I didn't know that valentine thing posted for you so I had to delete like 3 of them ))
#Tommy Wiseau has his own twitter emojii. Ya can’t take that away from him Franco!!!
So I'm dirty because *gasp* there might be more than one person in my life but you won't go get tested?
So ready to be done with high school can’t wait for cosmetology school
My best friend is finally getting the happiness she deserves oh my lord, y’all don’t even know how much joy this brought me.
China isn't just a manufacturing hub anymore, UBS says - CNBC
It wasn't nice knowing you bitch. Bye!
Really don’t feel like going nowhere
First quarter ever that I’ll have an 8AM. I’m legit hoping I don’t fail the class
If it weren’t late and like my parents were chill I would just take a train in but my parents would never
I can't go back to the y till February 27th I just want it to come sooner
I guess technically I do. But I still can’t believe AV also has one
Everyday I pray that God shows me what it is and what it ain’t ..
i really hate you dumb, hoe ass, attention seeking, dick sucking ass bitches.. that shxt ain’t cute..
ya see.. y’all don’t gotta worry bout me n mine
it’s the last dayof winter break and i’m doing a 4 person math project by myself that i have to figure out and i didn’t get taught. i have to have it finished by tomorrow morning fml.
Would anyone really hate it if Oprah ran for president? She isn’t Trump not even close....
So anyways a bitch got class in the morning and if this hoe don’t drop an addy in 5 min then ima go to SLEEP
boom boom is a good ass title song we don’t allow boom boom slander in this house
You can’t help who you are...
in my dream, you were crying and i hugged you and said "it's okay, i'm here". in reality, i just want you to know that i don't have that courage to do so. even saying "it's okay" pon i can't. i'm sorry
This is why I don’t have mom friends. Moms are fucking crazy assholes
Tbh sometimes I sleep on my bed while it’s made so I don’t have to make it in the morning
Can’t be dealing with people who uses the word ”LIT” hate that damn word
I ain't no bitch but leavin my parents house today almost made a rn tear up
Kevin Hart ain’t even funny anymore.
Everything’s fine and dandy until someone ask if you’re okay. That’s when you find out just how okay you really aren’t.
I don’t really grasp the comprehension of people’s fear of death? It’s inevitable.. Trying to fight it is as futile as saving water in a strainer.. Worrying about it seems equally ludicrous.. # now a painful death # t hats a rational fear
I think the biggest thing to remember, is it's a chapter in a story. And sometimes you go "WHY DID THAT HAPPEN!" when you read a novel. But then a few chapters later it all makes sense. You don't throw the novel in the bin. :)
I swear the baddest bitches have the biggest forehead
Funny how now i don’t think about how well i would do for my cgpa this year. Now what I only want is for that one certain wish to be granted before 2018 ends. Amen.
im finally gonna see mario on tuesday and im so excited lmao, we’ve been together forever and i still can’t be away from him for more than a day i literally saw him friday im so dramatic i feel like it’s been a year lmao
“ Yeah say “i think” bc if he doesn’t say “well i know” then he not the one. “ she blows me bro.
Can’t wait for preisha lil party
I’m single but ain’t ready to mingle I lost my lover
I can’t believe planet earth 2
I’m at this kickback n they want me to get fucked up so but I don’t wanna get a dwi so I’m inside watching Barbie life in the dream house
As much as I may regret saying this but... I can’t wait for school to start
I guess I didn't get my contempt for this idiocy into that tweet. Not that's she's idiotic, but Jesus, is the left so desperate that anyone they like is suddenly their choice for president? Hollywood is a lunatic asylum with better clothes.
You won’t understand my pain unless you wear contacts: I lost my contact in my eye.
Baby don’t cry cause everything’s gone be alright Just lay yo head on my shoulder don’t worry but a thing babygirl ima soldier
Hate to break it to ya, but international fans can't register for super star bts yet unless you have a Korean number. I tried.
I don't understand Knight either, but regardless friendship is what matters.
My irrelevant, basic ass has been watching America’s Next Top Model from the beginning and I’m on season 6 and OH MY GOD JADE IS THE WORST. No spoilers please but I can’t stand her
you’re not special don’t get your feelings hurt boo.
Exactly ...why pple think if one person ain’t cheating in the relationship the other is ion get that
A person who loves you wouldn’t put themselves in a position to loose you.
That handcuff shit sound cool but I ain’t getting hand cuff fuck outta here
Niggas want a spot they don't deserve.
I can't die with a frown on my face bro I need my peace of mind like my face tattoo & I need my bag too
Talk to me please, don't have much to believe in I need you right now, are you down to listen to me? Too many drinks have been given to me
What kind of fucking idiot doesn't know the answer to their own security questions?? It's not fucking rocket science. :/
"Even if you don't understand the language you can still love the music." —CL, 2NE1
u ain't black if u never participated in a prayer that ended w/ a triple "amen"
i can’t wait until i’m 21
Don't say you don't have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Nelson Mandela, Helen Keller,Michaelangelo, Mother Teresa,Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein.
Take pride in where you spend your money. Your money is a part of your energy. Don’t reduce yourself for any institution that blatanly disrespects who you are.
did army crash the web again i can't go in to pre register
My little brother talking me to death like school ain’t in the morning
And why don't we rewrite the stars? Changing the world to be ours.
I wish I could have long cute nails but as an esthetician I can’t
If I don’t mess with you heavy don’t call me Meech
PLEASE don’t fwm later. That’s all l ask
Information technology is an advanced field with a steep learning curve. Although difficult to understand by most causes extremely high organization skills. Don't discourage I.T.
Its So hard to forget Someone .. you gave so much to Remember..
Watching Troy right now.. imagine if they had phones.. Hector text his dad like man dad.. smh you won't believe what Paris did
Tomorrow seriously can't come fast enough
school tm=seeing people I don’t wanna see,dealing with bs,dealing with drama,all the stress,the teachers non sense,& my grades. im not ready for tm ayyyy dios mio
Failure isn’t fatal; the failure to change may be.
The #NYR can’t spend so much time passing the puck. They have to start taking more shots and crashing the net for rebounds.
I don't want nobody that don't want me I'd rather be alone for all that, besides I think I'm better off that way anyway
This resume builder made me the best resume and then expects me to pay for it lmfaoo. I just screenshot that shit and paste it to a word document. Boom.
The fact that I could possibly be out of Chatham at this time next year is so fucking exciting
if u talk about someone to other people but don’t say anything to that person u a bitch and stay the fuck from around me
If you haven't seen what happened to Monday on Netflix, what r u doingggg
Donald Trump v Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson v Oprah Can’t wait for the next popularity contest.
maybe lamar will take me on a date to see pitch perfect 3 before it comes out on dvd
i’m annoyed, can’t really trust anyone
Not to be rude or what but I really kinda hate my friend for always saying ottoke... My ghad! Such a kboo I can’t deal with her anymore...
Don’t tell me I won’t, don’t tell me I can’t feel, what I’m feeling is real
If I get mad at you that don’t mean nothin cuz if I care for you no little thing gonna make me think differently bout u
A bottle of Jack won't make your problems....believe it or not I'm still fighting those temptations everyday.........
I forgot that they only use covers of pop songs in the late seasons of Grey’s and I’m here for t
don’t it feel so good to be us
daaaaaaamn, don’t we look good togethaaaa
People bitching about the #Times Up movement should maybe stop and think about the fact that these women "covered up" the abuse & harrassment because they felt powerless. You can't call for change and then moan when change arrives.
"From the time I was a kid, I always knew something was going to happen to me. Didn't know exactly what."
She doesn’t even like you because you decided to be the girl who needs anyone after your break up. So just know it’s fake.
You guys don’t understand how much I love my mom. She’s a strong, fierce woman. She grew up in a third world village in the Philippines with nothing and now out here stunting in Michael Kors here in the U.S. Like she did that.
he chose the name Oreo ok he can’t come at me
If at first you don't succeed, you'll get a lot of free advice from folks who didn't succeed either.
Am I the only person who can't eat chicken while high ??
My pockets snug They can't hold my 7 They banned my Visa My Amex and Mastercards I got new money And it's all cash I got new bags
Top Golf was fun af yesterday!!! Can’t wait for the El Paso location to open
i truly don’t mind waiting while you throw a shirt on or something pls i insist
I got that old school kinda love so if you ain’t tryna grow old together don’t bother my inner peace
Wow! Guys please don't come back to work. I could do with travelling 45 minutes everyday to work . Traffic is so bae
Its 2018. Don't expect to much from people. Sbb manusia tu rambut sama hitam tapi hati lain lain.
I can't believe there isn't a ButtCoin
btw who actually watches the golden globes...just the idea of that makes me sad
Natsuki One doesn't care if she's flat. She's not flat in her eyes-
I don't know whether to get my work done first or let me take a nap first ...
3 months straight of coming home straight from work and putting solid hours in, don’t give a shit if I’m shooting bots or playing fuckin ranked. I’m grinding, can’t be costing like that again .
Since I don't have work Tmr I'll draw~ i had an idea too
I want to pre register but I can’t open the website
I'm glad I ain't short cuz I'd be heated if a nigga called me his lil pit bull I'm kickin ya knees to smithereens
Looks like your son ain't need no damn money but you have a vacation and your apartment dont even look the same. Ghetto
THEY WERE MARRIED IM SO UPSET T
oH nO apparently the 3rd sub unit won’t include the last girl I’m sosad
If not you, I want to be alone.
I want to change my life but I don’t even know where to start
I don't care if she's a stripper. #Signs Of Love Sickness
Attention: don’t watch The End of the F***ing World on Netflix unless you wanna get your fucking heart ripped out and thrown in your face
Imagine not laughing at your own jokes wow def can't relate
Im watching annabelle. Yess alone hahaha
So Greta Gerwig not only directed the Best Picture winner, she directed the Best Actress winner but didn’t get nominated as Best Director?
I just realized that I didn't use the bathroom at the banquet tonight & I've used the bathroom there every single year except for this year. # just my thoughts
I need somebody that’s down to talk all night because I honestly don’t know what sleep is anymore
naturally the SUPERSTAR site immediately crashed lol, can't take a billion ARMYs trying to reach the site at once
Don't attempt to reconnect with toxic people from your past just because you're feeling lonely. Focus on getting better & attracting better. #Monday Motivation
I wanna take off to LA but I know I shouldn’t be spending money right now
okay but people swear up and down they don’t like you but they’re always worried about you and what you’re doing like stay pressed xx
I can’t wait to live in Mexico
You know when you’ve been sleeping but when you wake up it feels like you didn’t sleep at all? Yeah......
U say my eyes are getting too dark now but boy u ain't ever seen my mind
random late night musings: -Most people who have always been rich are shitty people -Just because someone became rich who used to be poor doesn't mean they're good -Poverty is not a moral failing and poor people are not poor because they deserve to be.
//Don't try to shift the topic. You should start eating healthier. :< //
My advice is just don’t b too nice to niggas
Umar said about Abu Bakr (Allah be pleased with them) that he didn’t surpass others by quantity of worship
I’m going to be so extra when i have my babies. Lol you can’t come see them at the hospital c/we having a meet and greet when he/she is 2 months old.
I hate when chicks start complaining AFTER they had the baby. You know what type of nigga you laid down with, you knew what he was & or wasn’t capable of doing. STFU!!!
I hate iPhone. I’m tryna delete someone’s # so I can’t talk to me anymore but instead iPhones just puts the word “maybe” in front of the persons name that you jus deleted
"if you don't like me at my worst then you don't deserve me at my best" - Abe Lincoln, Gettysburg address
You're losin' all your highs and lows Ain't it funny how the feeling goes away?
Don't give up just because things are getting hard ...
Why don't men ask women out on (real) dates anymore? It's 2018.
So much golden globe crap all over my timeline. Can't wait until it's over.
honestly i can't wait for the day that i finally fix my schedule and stop procrastinating and get used to that and finally actually have time to draw more often and improve a bunch
Very odd noises coming from the other side of the bed rn, can’t tell if it’s Jacob or the cat...
Wowwwww you really are a piece of shit and I don’t know why it took me this long to see it .
Am I The Only Female Who Doesn’t Find Dick Pics That Attractive
i'll meet mvp!!! i didn't know them before but they're coming to brazil and i'll support them
I'm mad why can't I ever have a darn diddly moment to be happy for Nao and Uehara before something goes wrong again
Spending 3 seconds on Twitter tonight will make you glad you didn't watch them. #Golden Gobes
Haven’t had a LPFGTWLJ this year
me before awards shows: uhg I don’t even care I swear I’m probably not going to watch me, watching an awards show: I HAVE VERY STRONG OPINIONS AND EMOTIONS ABOUT EVERYTHING THAT IS HAPPENING.
it's surreal to me that im never going see them ever again i still can't believe that they're gone
I’m such a shit bbc i don’t ever tweet about block b or nothing
FINALLY GETTING MY NEW PHONE TOMORROW
Mascara all clumpy and eyeshadow don’t be blended out...and let’s not start on the contour and highlight
can’t wait till i get treated the way my step dad treats my mom
#Nobody Should Ever Feel Like they can’t have that piece of cheesecake that’s staring at them from the other end of the table.
If these guest don’t stop asking me what happened to my voice....
i can’t wait to drop my trending freestyle finna have a lot of y’all hoes dead sick
I only drink crown when i don’t have Henny
So, some people I don't know or have little/no respect for have said some film and TV shows are better than other film and TV shows. #GG #I Dont Give A Monkeys
Like I’m making so many personal changes. If our interactions are affected, or you just can’t seem to fall back and let me come around, then you might just be the change I make.
Took tequila shots with my little and her mom to celebrate the new semester like if that isn’t sorority/actual fam goals idk what is
I don’t need help from anybody I’ll just learn on my own.
This meeting tomorrow could change my life and i couldn’t be more thrilled.
When Alex tells me “you won’t” there is a 99% chance I will.
I can’t believe they shopped out my baby’s kneecaps I’m sueing
Everybody in a hurry to throw their fucking lives away to avenge Niggas who can’t comprehend nothing but a pine box and crying vaginas. STOP THE MADNESS #The Chi
You couldn’t have thought you were gonna continuously talk about the shit you did for other girls in my ears!!! BLOCKED!!! I’m not one for prank calls!
Mia has opened my eyes to so much more. She’s changed my world completely I can’t imagine my life without my baby, she’s my princess
I haven’t changed my phone all day and it’s at 58%! iPhone 8 wins tbh
I don’t wanna be your friend, I wanna kiss your neck
School starts tomorrow and I literally haven’t even gotten any of my shit together.. I can already tell how this semester is gunna go lol
My goodness this show I ain’t going to bed till late watch
if you’re blind don’t you just hate it when you can’t find your glasses knowing that you’re blind without them and you’re blind trying to find them
PS i do t prof ready any of my tweets so suck my divk from the back of you have a problem
oh you don't give a shit about radiohead? well i don't give a shit about ANYTHING. beat that
Y’all can’t tell me old spongebob not hilarious
If you on ft with yo nigga and he go like “mmmm” he looking at another bitch picture PERIODT.
I swear people think money comes from trees. I didn't come from money I work for what I want. Sorry I dont get money from my parents like most of y'all do.
BLADE RUNNER 2049 wasn't even nominated once and that's probably the most disappointing thing about this years #Golden Globes along with CALL ME BY YOUR NAME and GET OUT receiving little attention
Bangs fists on table Zed o Brien is the best fishman in the world and I don't think Aligura showed up once aside from cameos
Hoping this Lifetime movie isn’t corny.
If only heaven wasn't so far away
I always favorite girls’ selfies when they pop up on twitter even if I don’t know them. Like cmon sis kill me w that highlight
Don’t really love Oprah or shall I say didn’t because Jesus Christ Oprah for prez I am in FUCKING TEARS
Every single failure in my life has led me to better people & better opportunities. You really just have to trust fate & understand there's always a plan for you. You just can't escape these hardships & struggles because they lead to something much more powerful & beautiful.
You can’t flex on nobody who don’t give a fuck about you
Stop trying so hard for people who don't care.
If there is one thing I have learned, do not deprive yourself of the happiness you know you deserve. You shouldn't wait for the time to be happy because now is always the perfect time.
cries I don’t want to go to school
When I say "my rooms messy" and your friend replies "when is it not" smh that's a big problem lmfao
go mi-x- i/t- up-t- 0/n-e- d-0f-t- (s-) f-ace-d-
Being short is having to ask for help in Fred Meyers because you can’t see the essential oils
So many ppl could've had a chance but they always showed me exactly why I didn't give them one
I DON'T KNOW IF I CAN HANDLE BOTH AT ONCE THAT'S A LOT OF EMOTIONS TO COVER/RELIVE
Or, even better, a black woman. We need a voice for the oppressed groups in our country, and these old ass rich white fuckers aren’t cutting it.
You can’t do anything nowadays without someone catching the wrong vibe.
None of the world have you never not been a real big Clinton fan, but next to Trump I don't understand how anybody could not vote for her
It won't let me un-like it but that bitch is gONE
Real girls aren’t perfect. Perfect girls aren’t real.
I get more mad when I lose in a video game than I do when I don’t get a text back.
These niggas ain’t fuccin wit me man. Deadass niggas have no idea what I’m on. Shit what i been on!!!!!
“my only regret is that i didn’t tell enough people to fuck off”
So.....why, again didn't they want to continue the "HELLBOY" franchise? #Guillermo Del Toro
hopper who? We don’t know him
this year is about shooting those shots you’re scared to take but doing it because life is too damn short
All caught up on my devotional and finished my S.M.A.R.T goals for the year. # i n c r e a s e d s p ritual depth # building on my foundation # upward mobility
Damn I can't stop eating lmao
I don't want to complain because at least we live in the same time zones but I only saw him four-five times last year and it's really goddamn hard sometimes
You guys realize if Vegas did this to us last time AV wouldn’t be here
been a whole year w my boo & I couldn't be more happy
it's 2018, this concept should change. demi lovato or whoever doesn't need to make a statement and tweet out "sorry" that her fans are hating on someone else...SHE SHOULD BE ENJOYING THAT TEA, getting her beauty sleep.
If someone tells you something about me just know issa lie, cause I don’t talk to anyone like that for anyone to be knowing my business.
I need to go see a therapist, bc I don't think I can control myself anymore
remember when seb played with a spider during a whole interview
Devonte: “I’m surprised ain’t nobody ft you yet” Me: nigga .. don’t nobody be ft me Devonte: “nigga don’t act like you wasn’t on ft with a different every night for a month” Couldn’t even say shit back
I’m afraid to go to work... I can’t sleep... I detest failure and letting people down and breaking promises... even if by accident...
Hm, I see Yomi has new ear rings … they’re pretty cute. What? Well, they are cat-shaped.
okay i have decided that i shouldn't buy bcos at the start of the year i told myself that im going to save money for myself and for the future AING K
Acting tuff ain't gone get u nowhere. Lol
to be around people i don’t know or to walk my happy ass home , whatta decision :///
it seems like tobio can't handle the fact that i used to be like... That...
Most # cry p to currency # exchanges don't accept new customers. Interesting.....
Hope you won't regret connecting but PLEASE HARI LET ME BE ON YOUR SHOW W/ KAMAU about my forthcoming book on a South Asian / women of color take on the #Me Too movement! I solemnly swear to embarrass no one but my parents. :) Swear.
Don't trust me is still a banger tho don't get me wrong
If this man don't call me back Ima be really thru off for the night
Seeing people complain that ARs aren’t good enough in WW2 and it legit has been dying. Fix your shot, believe me they’re too OP lmao
The kids go back to school tomorrow and I couldn't be more excited #Bad Mom
i don't normally go for dramas but this one has been very compelling so far
I WON'T TOLERATE ANY KINDS OF VIVI HATE
can’t believe I just wasted so much time and energy on that lmao
since y'all like to talk about guns y'all DON'T bust..... I got a Gun SO BIG that shit DON'T WORK !
everybody want somebody, don't confuse that with your needs
Trust is hard to come by. Don’t fuck it up once you have it
"My piercings doesn't define my character." Goodbye S-V Agreement. :(
I miss having WiFi, i can’t wait to get it back lol
they didn't win what this is rigged
#Nobody Should Ever Feel Like there life isn’t worth living because it is worth living no matter how many mean words get you down
I had to excuse myself to the bathroom at a family function to look up my own cousin's names/faces on Facebook today because I hadn't seen them in over 10+ years.
Okay, she didn't actually say anything about president. But she would be an interesting candidate. She's the liberal version of Trump: famous, rich, charismatic, popular, and totally unqualified. Only difference is she's liberal as all hell.
hate this Smart TV shit won’t connect to the damn wifi
okay I'm awake what happened and what's going on? all I know is that david didn't win awh ROBBED
Damn james franco didn't let tommy wiseau speak. Seemed rude after letting him play him in a role.
Don’t ever ever ever cross me because I will destroy you and your whole life. Have a nice day!
I ain’t tryna fuck I heard you ain’t got no walls..
Update: I chose a dinner table for the house I’m flipping. And I didn’t buy the one that matches the rest of the house. And it’s seriously bothering me.... Why am I like this?
My baby acting like I don't gotta wake up early as shit for work. She wanna be wide awake and shit.
I'm 13/14ths done, not tired, and making every effort to compel myself to S L E E P Might just do the last 2 chapters and be done It's only 1 unit Don't let me check how many pages
Don't trust a boys twitter, just like how you can't trust a girls vsco.... he don't want none of that girlfriend shit, and that screenshotted message is from her girlfriend, she ain't got no man. gn.
If you can’t join them, beat them. If you can’t beat them, work harder. If you can’t work harder, ask for help.
Is it just me or does life tend to hand you everything you don’t want on a silver platter with a cherry on top and everything you do want in a steaming pile of shit?
i think pomegranate is my favorite fruit now
Heck, I don't care if rocks fall on my head, as long as you're with me! Well, not WITH me. I mean, I don't want rocks falling on YOUR head.. A-anyway, well you take the ring?
i haven’t smoked in so long i deserve a vanilla dutch
Can’t trip over shit you were ready to hurdle over
This goes right back into me not being able to let go. I don’t know how to unfriend people who I know consistently talk shit about me/ my life. I know how toxic it is, but I don’t have the ability to let go of people.
+ i'm fully aware this is about pure, widespread ignorance. + very likely not intentionally malicious. doesn't erase the outcome. diversify your design rooms, board rooms, decision-making committees, etc. do better. match your audience/consumer base.
- hey babygirl ilysm i wanna have babies with you bye ttyl
If I was male and said "women's rights matter" would you give me a medal made of solid gold and a tv show? Because right now I'm saying it and it isn't even getting Retweeted.
I have awesome fashion sense, don't you think?
If you try to say my header isn't the most beautiful thing you've ever seen you're a liar
Don’t settle for less than you deserve. Understand that what is best for you may not be what is best for everyone else, and be okay with that. People may not understand, but they don’t have to. Never, ever allow yourself to be unhappy.
today I learnt that the clothes that ppl wore in the Victorian era were so jacked up they couldn’t even take em off to have a piss so they just peed in their clothes all the time makes me see those horny romance novels in a different light
If you not hitting me up to see how I’m doing now don’t hmu in a couple of months when I’m eatin guuddd
Feel like i don’t have you, so i feel by myself
Between you and me, unless Timimus was one of the other choices, there wasn't much of a competition.
I don't want a relationship with anyone right now. Too much to focus on. It's 2018 why do we still have the "He's just nice because he wants to get with you" mentality? That's just my personality dang
I want Italian woman I so she tell your mum please contact me very very important come on Turkey really really I should there isn't important.
- if you so call don’t fw me ... why smile in my face & pretend like you do ? CUTE .
I still can’t believe I got a 5 on the APUSH and failed the NUSTEP course
i said it wasn’t a big deal but it hurt worse than you know..
the more I’m thinking abt it the more pissed I’m getting that Tommy didn’t even get to speak for his own movie
Roy Ayers Don't Stop The Feeling playing right now on our Old Skool Jamz channel. Download the WBMX app now
My laptop broke , today couldn’t get any worse
Just falling back to sleep and my phone lights up like Blackpool illuminations with a text from my dad replying to my question from YESTERDAY
Nvm twitter won’t let me upload the video
Anyone know if they’ve written a Chicken Soup for the Almost 26 Year Old Single Female that Doesn’t Understand Taxes or Insurance and Will Probably Die From Anxiety’s Soul yet? Asking for a friend
Can’t sleep for shit these days
better ingredients, but that isn't the near future loot crates
I thought was your daddy was nothing but a
can't imagine ong seongwu having a girlfriend even all wanna one members imagining that they are all act like a child.
I can’t do everything by myself... or can I ?
hacksaw ridge breaks my heart more than anything else.
A bottle of theraflu severe daytime has more alcohol content than some of the light beers and it doesn't taste like piss. # Just # Say in g
Watch my dumbass stay up hella late tonight like I don’t got school tomorrow
it’s 12:24 and I can’t stop thinking about mashed potatoes
ppl rlly don’t believe me im actually going through w/ the shit this time just wait lol
A month ago I was broke, I ain’t never goin back
I'm not always shy , ya'll just don't know me very well.
don't force someone to make time for you. If they really want to, they will.
"I don't got a journal! All my secrets are stashed away in my head~"
I found out true love is not where you care about them so much that you are afraid to lose them but you care about them so much that you can't wait for what lies ahead.
Do you ever see or hear something happen and you didn't expect it what so ever so you kinda just sit there stunned af bc me rn
You can't play me when I conduct the band
Even the mouth didn’t say a word, but the mind thinks and the heart feels.
Now Playing:Jon Pardi - She Ain't In It
Yet, I'm trying to drop 10 pounds
For some reason, regardless of all my acne and flaws my confidence shot up, and I don’t know what it is.
The real MVP movie of the year is Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri and I’m mad I didn’t call it sooner.
Do you ever like see/know of a girl and you admire her and you’re like thinking you should be friends but you don’t know how to say it because you don’t want to sound like a weirdo
like in general ppl who go to see horror movies want jumpscares and monsters n shit they don’t want surreal horror bc lots of ppl need there to be a Clear Meaning and if there isn’t then it’s automatically a Bad Movie™
look crayon is pronounced crown i don’t wanna fight no more
I’ve been unable to keep my eyes open for long. Sorry I’ve not been around and haven’t responded to messages.
Bro y’all showin so much love to this snippet.... and this ain’t even the best part of the song ! Y’all Finna be like wow!!
so if you know me you know all I drink is twisted teas wellll lemme tell you sum’n I can’t drink them nomore for none ya business but all I can have is vodka and lemme just tell you it’s the devillllllllll no one was lying
If you aren't helping me build in some way I don't need ya.
I have successfully modded this Kinect and it works great. The microphone wasn't working after, but I just had to do a bit of percussive maintenance to get that back in order.
Leave away to be at peace
I told my manager I wanna die and he had to pull me in and tell me I can't say that to any other coworker besides him or it'll be taken to corporate
"I just can't stop thinking about bush."
Don't let the belief in your own hype have you forgetting yourself. You're unimportant to more than a few people.
I'm really trying to have a healthy diet and my mom won't stop freaking out and putting plates of food in front of me
I been in and out the bank, bitch While y'all asshole niggas be on the same shit
And I just smoked and I’m hungry but I don’t want those tamales. Since they don’t got cheese in em
Cryin bc I don’t wanna take my makeup off
don't forget to clock in and make sure your habits are making you happy !!!
i shouldn’t be used to being hurt over and over again
64 & chill till I realize how little sleep I'm about to get before work at 5 Like FML S/o to baby for the Nintendo tho
Is PSN not working for anyone else? Can't connect on Vita or App.
I don’t want plp to force themselves on me but I wonder if I force myself on others
Tony makes me extremely uncomfortable. He’s so...awkward, cringey, inappropriate...I can’t warm up to him #Sister Wives
fear that love ain’t livin here no more
I’m surprised Nexteer didn’t make us work this weekend since we just came back from a week long vacation.
I feel like The Life Of Plablo didn’t get the recognition it deserved.
My sheets reek like Tj and don’t get me wrong I appreciate him being here but oh my god I need to wash these sheets lol
can't wait till my job start selling crawfish
My twitter get bored lol but it's my fault because I haven't login it in like 1 year, so I've lost the friends that I made here.. no one remember me.
I didn’t realize how much I’d love
I can't wait until I'm sitting in front of my enormous window watching the city come to life at night while smoking a bowl bc in that moment I'll know that I've finally achieved my goal
I remember I didn’t have time to do free shit .. I need that again
i was happy 6 days ago when i didn’t have a to write a speech and give it to the class tomorrow lmao fuck
Honestly, sober me needs to get like drunk me, drunk me will make a group of people cool w me in less than 5 minutes and sober me will not fuck w a single soul in that room if I don’t know you lol smhhh
Blessings show up in many different forms. Don't ever second guess God's reasoning.
Being with someone that can’t put his phone down <<<<<<<<< That shit frustrating.
Just because somebody loves you, doesn't mean they won't hurt you.
They put Deb from Shameless in a Bowie shirt tonight, and it kind of pisses me off cause I can't stand her. She's not worthy of the shirt.
lol i couldn’t wait to go back to hs after winter break & show off all my new shit like bitchhhhhh peep the new fit now I’m trying to figure out if my fav pair of yogas will be clean by the time my first class starts Monday
I don't see that happening however. I see the US breaking apart because of unresolvable politics and differences. So be it. People need to be around supportive communities, not abusive ones.
Why would you stay with somebody that tells you in your face “I don’t wanna be with you”
i don’t really believe this i’m just putting it out there in the universe
Who am I gonna run to, if it ain’t you. . .
RT Indireads: RT DailyBooksQuote: "Only those who risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go..." - T.S. Eliot
#Nobody Should Ever Feel Like They’re unworthy, unloved, not valued, and alone. #Nobody Should Ever Feel Like Life isn’t worth living just because they suffer with mental illness. YOU ARE NOT ALONE. #Nobody Should Ever Feel Like They should EVER have to explain themselves.
I didn’t even know he worked at a dispensary til today
learn how to keep people out your mix
my my my babe don’t stand no cheating my my my babe
I’m sick of people lying to my fucking face like I don’t already know what’s going on. Y’all gotta be really fucking dumb lmfao
Q: when u gone quit playing A: you trash... ain’t you and my bd coo?
I haven’t been this happy in a long time
Chris Brown was at universal studios today
Had no idea the show Haven referenced the story I.T. In an episode lmao this shit wild
I ain’t have no father figure so i was young acting grown
in need of vitamin d this is very unhealthy for me
of course I wouldn’t be able to go to sleep
She a mad bitch if she ain’t fwm
25) sonic never really had a "dark age" per se. it was just a period of sonic games that either clicked with you or they didn't. there's a bunch of really positive elements i can find in most of the critically panned sonic games from that era
Man I didn’t think it was this possible to be this bored
The time has come. Me and my bump have officially moved Matt out of our bed. No, I actually feel bad...but my sleep positioning has been wild. I can't help it
I miss my old friends. The feelings probably aren’t mutual, but it’s whatever
Be PRICELESS. Don’t let nobody compromise your worth.
I've been hoping somebody loves you in the ways I couldn't Somebody's taking care of all of the mess I've made Someone you don't have to change
Sometimes whatchu want ain’t always whatchu need
# Jesus # truth Proverbs23:20 Don't associate with people who drink too much wine or stuff themselves with food.
But they can't do Nothin to a G...
Told myself I was going to clean my attitude up this year, welp that ain’t last long
Wish my grandmother weren't here while I eat my......third helping of dinner
I have a whole morning/afternoon to kill in NY on tomorrow.
manuel was getting overwhelmed listening to all the talk w planning his lil sis’s quince. tell me why he comes over to me & says “I hope we have a boy” lmfao if you don’t getcho uglyassss.
When did I stop having time to read actual books except for the nights I can’t sleep?
You don't win once in a while, you don't do things right once in a while, you do them right all the time. Winning is habit. -Vince Lombardi
darling don't be so shy i'll see you at midnight and when i close my eyes i said it three times, i said it three times you make my world spin, placebo feelings and in the morning I'll wait to see you again
you’re saying that as if you weren’t sleepy, sicheng.
can't believe I use to smoke trash ass swishers
Ain’t flashed a smile in a while
maybe one day i won’t feel like this anymore.
2k18 has shown me that I don’t need all these friends any more u just need one to keep some company or vent bc these bitches talk like the news station
is there any way someone can become my friend and do these simple things, 1. don't lie 2. don't hide stuff from me. 3. love me 4. laugh with me 5. be able to talk to me 6. other-
If people really cared about you they wouldn’t want you out their life
it's 2am already. holy s h i t
I've been seeing people complaining about having to come back to college station. News flash we don't want your ass here anyway, stay home.
Butttt I just can’t help but think
haven’t wrote in a long time
i have no problem with anyone walking out of my life. the door is always open. i don't want anyones time to be wasted
That shit that got stuck in my teeth earlier was OFD yo. I was scared I wasn't rey get it out
I don’t wanna do 8-4’s no more...
i don't care at all about the golden globes im such a loser and haven't seen like any of the nominated movies/ performances in those movies
hello i have to pee someone tell me to get up
Thank you for understanding me at times when i can't even understand myself
Crazy. The largest pork corporation in the U.S. rats out the illegal workers that are payed slave wages but only 15 people a day so it doesn't affect production.
Murda capital only key to survive is kill if the elements don’t murder you the riders will fr
If getting excited to split a bagel with cream cheese right before bed when you realize you have them and you race your husband to the kitchen is wrong then I don’t want to be right # marriage
Am I the only one who wishes I could go to a wig shop and try on a bunch of different styles and colors? Bc I don’t think I am
Also I’m not even gonna THINK about going on tumblr I can’t imgine wtf is going on over there
if u don’t wipe your animals eye boogies you’re a jerk
all the makeup in the world won't make you less insecure
Oh..... man!!!! I just realized that I haven't even thought about what to get the boys yet!!!! Oh no now I'm not going to be able to sleep lol
i know what i got at home i ain't gone never leave dat..
wasn’t sharon tate married to roman polanski
Depression doesn’t have to mean feeling bad. Sometimes it means feeling nothing. And I’m not sure which is worse.
People always ask me how I do my eyebrow and idk what to say but tbh when I finish and they don’t look perfect I wipe that off and redo
You can never truly prepare yourself for seeing something your heart wasn't ready for. No matter how many times you tried to brace yourself for it.
Sometimes you win sometimes you don't .
Well that didn't get me any further than I expected
Am I the only one who don't pay much attention to having breaakfast ? Anyone ?
Arsenal got knocked out of its tournament
I got real shit to stress about, girl, I ain't worried 'bout shit
yall if he has ANY rose emoji on any of his social medias, don't bother. just block him
I'm sick of seeing San Junipero praise on this site. Idc if it won a Golden Globe. White Bear, Hated In The Nation and The Entire History of You were the top three episodes of Black Mirror and you can choke if you don't agree
I don’t when ima be a husband but I’m looking forward to it someday
one day I began to feel that dogs weren't locked up in chains so please let me as you this:'What is the reason that you are free?' -깊은 숲-
Want to get high but there's a kitten sleeping on me, can't. move
you say you miss me but never actually take the time to make plans so like sorry? can't help you?
Why does wanting something you can't have make you want it even more
It's always raining and the sun don't shine When you live on solitary drive it's a small community population me If you ever change your mind I won't be hard to find Here in Lonesomeville
Don’t ask me about someone you don’t see me with.
madi is so gorgeous I can't handle it
His FT woke me up man. I was sleeping so so good and now I can’t go back to sleep
Idc if Oprah isn’t qualified to be president. That would be the perfect kick in the face for the mfs who voted for Trump thinking we were gonna go back to Jim Crow. A Black woman being president would literally make them drop dead
I was holding you down but you wasn’t holding me up ..
Kinda just want Sasuke to he a little nicer to Ino and Hinata. They are her best friends after all, they aren't going anywhere. That's all. She loves him to death.
If Democrats can’t fight for the same level of compassion and decency as Ronald Reagan, then they stand for nothing. Call your reps and tell them they cannot fund the government without protecting Dreamers. Primary every one that dares to try. This is too important to fail.
I’m such a brat & if you can’t handle it
Time gives legitimacy to its existence. Time is the only true unit of measure. It gives proof to the existence of matter. Without time, we don’t exist.
I don't need a guy to buy me dinner on a date. Proof of employment is also fine.
Don’t be making no sense ...
It’s been a mean world without ya. Boy I love you
My skin gets so oily in my t zone but dry everywhere else and I've been getting breakouts in places I have never gotten using any other foundation. No new eating habits skin products or anything else
Word is that everyone wore black at the #Golden Globes2018 so I'll take this as a sign that my wardrobe doesn't not need to be changed and the fact remains that # black is the new black
can’t wait to be able to update my phone and not have the battery life eaten away
I have school at 6am and my body won’t let me rest
They say cherish love and don’t regret it but that shit could cut like Gillette if you let it wow bars for days
I don't get why some people thought using sentences with demeaning descriptions describing a person as a joke would be funny, it's not. It's not funny at all. And it'll never be funny. Unless if driving that person to suicide is your intention then sure, go ahead
don’t let that pressure make you panic . .
I filmed 2 videos today edited 1 but unfortunately couldn't render it. Going to try to finish them both tomorrow, along with 2 college finals.
It's a sad world when people can't just be nice and courteous without being accused of trying to flirt or expecting sex in return. Lol. Non-douchebags exist, too.
If I don’t know, I’ll tell you I don’t know. Estupidos.
People don’t know what u go through, they just assume everything all good cuz of the appearance...
“B e l i e v e & Yo u ’re Halfway T h e r e” ------------------------------- # q o t d 4 u 2 read
Well, if I had any respect for NYT it just evaporated... they just had a commercial that equated themselves to the # me too because Trump mocked them.... Yeah, him calling out your errors is totally the same as rape. # i d i o t s
I need intellectuality more than anything else, if we can’t talk we can’t do shit!
Yeah I fwy but I can’t get too attached
Our economy is so solidified in gender roles that women being independent and having control over their bodies is actually bad for our capitalist economy. Which was built by 95% men, btw. Don’t feel bad, ladies. We’ve been picking up their mess this far.
Everyone on some weird shit I can't trust shit it's crazy u never know mfs really play all sides of the court
They say i’m closed because i don’t open up as much anymore. No, i do, but only to people who earn my trust now.
Please don't waste your whole existence, livin' for someone else's vision and ambitions to see the side of life that you've been missin'
Niggas be late for work or call in for some bullshit but you can’t make it to ya son/daughter appointment for ya weak ass job?!
some people are worth losing sleep over but some aren’t, you aren’t, gn
ALSO 4 DAYS TILL CAMILA I CAN’T BELIEVE IT’S GONNA BE IN OUR HANDS THIS SOON
Geez I can't play FF7 without Money for Nothing by Dire Straits playing on loop in my head.
Don’t let deez niggaz know your first move
Don’t stop the vibe, don’t stop the motion
My sis doesn’t have eyebrows and her bf loves her. I HAVE eyebrows and no loves me, idgi???
I just don’t know if it’s enough anymore...
Can't wait to hear the story of Inojin showing up at Show and Tell with a Cursed Mark.
now I can’t go on tumblr without gagging
cause [drum roll] this kid ain't a monster I'm here all week
If it wasn’t raining I’d go to the gym. I don’t feel like getting in the rain
I don't know anymore...It was just a lot more uplifting to have hope and appreciate the way he encourages and inspires creative people and others who lack confidence in themselves
If your friends don’t make you feel special and loved then you need better friends. life is short. ok, bye.
y’all want off school so bad but I wasn’t going tomorrow regardless.
Haven’t worn my contacts in 3 days and my eyes feel amazing
No thanks, I don't pack up now, I'll regret it.
I bet she can't wiggle like with a d in her.
I haven’t been this happy in years
if y'all don't hear from anthony tomorrow that's because i fucking killed him
Why do people go out and pay money for freckle tattoos I don’t even like mine that I got for free
I’m deeply in love. It ain’t eva changing
hi my name is nataliya I'm 19 years old and I'm addicted to broad city
i don’t wanna question it, i just want a definite. i jump out of relationships before i get left in it.
You don’t wanna beef with a bitch like me
It wasn't the Saints sideline that made itt aware of the pently try the sideline refs and New York that made that call.
I be 2 mins late replying he be upset lol I can’t make this up..
I don’t know you but you cute though
My bc is really playing with my body & I absolutely don’t like it.
I wanna shout it from the rooftop. I wish that it could be like that, why can't it be like that? jk
i ain’t intend to leave like i did but i had to or i woulda got left
#victoria Azarenka a working Mom can't go to work because of a custody battle. I wonder, will the judge or the child's father make up for lost wages ? In any case i hope all is resorved soon . # t e a m v i k a
“Do you have a hundred friends? T_T”
My moisturizer so bomb I only use it every 3 days cause I don't wanna clog my pores
When # Jesus is in the connection you won't have to fear the Devils infection.
I just can’t wait to fucking get out Saturday swear I’m rolling the fattest blunt all to myself
Hangin' out waitin' for Marlowe come home. ~ <3 ~
If you was a hooper and didn’t learn nothing from the sport then you wasn’t really a hooper bro.
If # o o m f would just open his eyes and cuff me, we wouldn't both be single and annoyed about it
Boy you ain’t gone ever learn play with fire and get burned I don’t think you’ll understand until I hit u where it hurts so ig Ik what I got to do give you a taste of your own medicine...
Oprah already said she doesn’t wanna be president. Let her enjoy her dogs and chill with her friends in peace.
You both do shitty things so why you gotta throw shade at the other????? You ain’t perfect TRUST MEEEEE
I still ain’t got a W on Fortnite..
put yourself out there, ain't got nothing to lose.
I don’t wanna school tomorrow. Or ever.
Lately in my business life I feel like I’m failing. It’s a year after college and I haven’t progressed much...
I need some but I can’t have any.
I really don’t understand why the people who have been hitten my phone lately, are hitten my phone!!
Whi t e women, hold yourselves accoun t able. # me t oo #Why We Wear Black # t
I’m always up late knowing i be crying in the morning can’t even get my ass up
The days I get to sleep in are the highlights of my week. I really can't think of anything I look forward to more than that.
sometimes I get worried that someone I'm texting is going to think a typo is a misspelling and they're going to think I'm a bad speller. Which I am but I don't want people to think that
tip : don’t take me for granted.
Yhaaa intinya.. Your success doesn't mean my failure Gitu aja wes.
I honestly can’t wait to find out who ima spend my life with
I don’t know what’s scarier this late at night, a text from my mom or my ex
Smiling in yuh face doesn't stop them from going behind you to fuck u up
need to be up in an hour for my driving test but I haven’t even managed to get any sleep
I keep making stupid scenarios in my head that I know won’t happen
My hair is a mess and I can’t find time to get it done.
i don't think ive ever been more annoyed with an individual.
Poor Mother, she's been waiting here so long! Stupid farmer and his stupid tools, why won't he help us?!
If me and you getting to know each other, I don't even feel the need to express to you that I have options. That's obvious. We not dating each other. We both single. Lmao, so of course there's option.
Newlands, Day 4. It's bright and sunny now. Looking good for cricket. In fact it hasn't rained since they called off play yesterday. #S Av I N D
Tears are prayers too. They travel to God when we can`t speak."
Be happy idgaf what she has or doesn't have. Be happy that I'd live in a box w her I'd be dirt poor w her HAPPILY cause I have her
smh men rly can’t handle one night of women celebrating women because they finally had to deal w the inattention & repression we’ve been dealing w since the literal dawn of time lmaooo
Me: “Naw she deaf stop talking about her” Tay: “Fr?” Me: “Yeah” Tay: “Welp at least you can text her” LMFAO I SHOULDN’T BE LAUGHING AHHH
i’ve hired about 10 cryptologists so far to figure out how or why lyra hasn’t muted me yet
damn my ass ain’t ever gettin an upgrade like that. i wish i could go on cute dates with blackpink.
Planned Parenthood sounds great... net neutrality and so does Democracy.....they aren't!!! #Bad News #Common Sense #Help American
Don’t waste your time, Monday is a new opportunity to change your life for the best. Have a nice Monday
Failures are a part of life. If you don't fail you don't learn. If you don't learn you'll never change.
I have never seen the gamertag ‘NobodyDabs’ using a class that wasn’t red dot MP5 with triple frags. Where’s the fun in that?
Feel like I’m waiting for sum that won’t happen
“Fuck I look like putting pressure on a nigga? You either gone do right or ya ain’t cuz iain arguing not a little.”
I realized I was old when I told others I had a specific preferred nose hair trimmer.... Didn't want any other, would return them... Needed one.
MFS don’t know if they wanna be gang or not
Ever feel like you've been waiting for someone that's already in front of you
Mfs ain’t been on Twitter anyway some ppl last tweets was in 2012
Having a RL bec outside of my vr momster group, ugh... I don't have a reason, I just hate you .. it's probably bc you're rude af and you attitude makes me wanna kick kittens...
I can’t wait to start planning our annual trip to Disneyland.
Don’t bite the that feed you
Is the moon still in cancer cause fucking shit I can’t stop crying
I have an 8am class and I can’t sleep
Pi Phi turned 100 in 2018 and if that doesn’t call for a celebration idk what does
Whoever is egging where I live it's not funny. I don't live with my parents. I don't pay for this house. You're immature. Please stop.
Lol exactly why i don’t be answering them questions
Y’all are really going to make me put off every other anime on my list and watch devilman crybaby first aren’t you. Just the fact some ppl think fans of it are evil and psycho makes me want to see it honestly
Yo. I’ve never been this sick in my life, i don’t even know what to do. This is crazy
“you couldn’t buy my d*** even if u wanted it”
WHY WASN’T GREG SESTERO INVITED ON STAGE TOO # golden globes
"Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching." Satchel Paige #BSNL #B S N L Buzz
It makes me think about the process of dialogue, speaking versus listening versus telling versus engaging. Sometimes engaging with others feels like it requires work and this isn't the space for it.
♪♪♪ We're hell-raising and we don't need saving, 'cuz there's no salvation for a bad girl ♪♪♪
don’t let your past dictate your future
A new day is dawning. One where we don't need to be told who is evil or good. We know the difference. Follow the goodness in your minds. Your hearts will follow.
so today on the road I noticed this guy was like trying to race and I wasn't about it, black ice there was still snow, defiantly a dangerous situation
I can’t fit my hand inside of a Pringle can.
No matter how I think we grow You always seem to let me know It ain't workin
like i don’t wanna go back to South Carolina, but it seems like “home is where the heart is.”
y'all don't have class because of "rain" yet we're going to the natty and i'm still taking my ass to latin 1102 tomorrow wtf
: man I wish y’all can hear the conversation that happen at 430. I.T would honestly blow yo mind. Why we fuck shorty head up like that . This semester go be better I got a feeling
I don't feel my tweets with some smileys or just a hint of IsiXhosa, otherwise where is the emotion
Turns out I don't want new I want you
fuck i can’t sleep this is bad
I'm in denial about going back to school tomorrow. Also, I didn't do any of my research work for history class because the Internet was being weird. Presentations start Wednesday, 5 minutes each. I have an appointment tomorrow. How will I get this Powerpoint done in time.
Love don't live here no more
We G. E T I T
George Washington didn't even tell the truth about the cherry tree. He was as fake as his wooden teeth
The Dobby thing is sad in the movies but don't get me started on the books. Like ten times sadder.
I will buy my own car with my own money , i will and Can do it just wait on it , i shouldn’t rely on my parents
i swear i heard someone whispering in my ear.
Lol, I can't retrieve them pala bc those people have made their accounts private. Whattaloser
Even on Bad Terms, Loyalty Shouldn’t Change
can’t have no friendly ass nigha.. that’s a no go
I don’t feel like having a “special” someone.
Don’t know what I’d do without my best friend
The coworker I had a crush on and said I wasn’t going to have a crush on kept being really touchy with me today and I SWEAR TO GOD that I’m gonna fucking fight them if they don’t chill and confess their feelings to me.
I still don't know to sign or not the contract..
These accents I can't even #Derry Girls
Sis you don’t need these niggas, these niggas need you . God made eve for Adam not Adam for eve . Remember That
Gotta sleep and my brain won’t shut off
If you haven’t seen Steven Cao , he is a beautiful man
I don't even know I saw the words bts and rhythm game and
All of this "that's not REAL Nazism!" bullshit is part of a colossal long con of the "I'm not touching you!" variety. If you don't know that and you still say it, then you're being used. By Nazis. They find you VERY useful.
She don’t even roll the weed all she do is roll ha eyes!
all my sister kids are my lil baby’s i don’t have to have no kid no time soon
Lol Jermaine is so annoying, I’m like “mi amor” and he’s like “muchacha”
I’m doing half priced Dianetics auditing til the end of January. Skip the long lines at your local Church of Scientology, cut the middle man out! Let me tell you why you’re depressed and how your emotions don’t matter
T.M.Revolution、[Alexandros]、Marshmello、BACK-ON、ONE OK ROCK、Avicii、Alan Walker、MAN WITH A MISSION、ZEDD、Maroon5 ♪EDM♫ like minded person follow meヽ(∀)ﾉ
That ain’t my cup of tea
If I don’t double text you (and by double I mean a minimum of like 7) the chances of me ever letting you into my life on a deep level are at 0%
So many group chats, I can’t keep up.
at least I don't have to manreg
I can’t even open the website what a time to be alive
Saw Rae sremmurd tonight at the game but couldn’t get a pic
didn’t even think this type of happiness existed.
/ devilswan is so sassy I can't breathe
Let’s hope that the momentum from tonight doesn’t fade and this keeps going strong for years to come. #TIMESUP #Why We Wear Black
Lol yeah but I ain't giving you shit
I ain’t cop 1 in years lol
i can’t wait to be back at UL
Wow isn't the word right now so happy it's unreal
nah, it's much better than doing nothing around here actually rolls rowoon around. isn't this hurting you ?
My New Years resolution: eat healthier. So far I haven’t had any chips or soda, two things I used to have DAILY. On an unrelated note, I want to die!!!!!!!
Hurts criticism often overblown, but he needs to play better this week. The 14 cheap points against Clemson likely won’t re-appear v. UGA.
I forgot that I can’t walk around Hess without pants on because each time I do a male RA happens to be in the hall and I don’t think I can ever look them in the eye again
“Everybody can be mad or talk but until they pull up I ain’t hearin it “
A bird with the word came to me The sweetness of a honeycomb tree And now my look was taking over me Couldn't fake it if I wanted to
can’t sleep too much on my mind
my girlfriend painted my nails and my grandmother isn't having it
Don’t be afraid to fail. Be afraid not to try. -Michael Jordan
“And ain’t nobody gave me shit, that’s why i dont owe nobody NOTHING”
A drunk man told me at a bar tonight that the best fuel for success is a broken heart. Didn’t believe him til I found out he owned the bar
I'm lonely... So very lonely... Won't you join me? (;´༎ຶД༎ຶ`) # L one l y b o t
Money hungry I can’t sleep when you see me I be on my zombie shit
i get so annoyed every week but i can’t just abandon Mickey. he needs me
i still want this but ig you don’t
yo i got paid for friday and i didn’t even work
My Gotti can’t get no peace smh
You can’t just fuck with peoples heads like that
can't wait to see pong's mom tomorrow really missed u tita
I have the next two days off, which is the week before school. I'm gonna use it for me time. To get organized, to get my head right for this semester. So don't bother me
which is why i live by not taking shit to heart cause my heart don’t need no stress and pain
'Cause I would burn a thousand miles to be with you, my wildfire
I can’t wait until baseball season starts again so I can visit AT&T Park
Definitely going to do another shower photoshoot sometime soon.. I can't wait to go through the 600 pictures I took today!!!!!!
Still, She Persisted 2: The gripping story of the Democrats again nominating somebody that thought the presidency was a birthright and being mad when people don't find that endearing
I don’t understand how I can help someone w/ relationship problems and I’m single is this my department God?!
Turns out that Liangelo Ball actually wrote a impromptu letter while detained in China that seems to have led to his release. Sorry #45 you don’t get all the credit.
Goodnight I’m bored . Phone ain’t ring since like 9/10
should i use a personal account i made to tweet about personal shit so it doesn't get on here
Like I start my internship up again tomorrow and have a meeting at 10 tomorrow morning BUT OTHER THAN THAT SOMEONE TELL ME WHY I SHOULDN’T STAY UP ALL NIGHT
Ok i haven't replied to your "streak" Snapchats in like 2 weeks... can you stop sending them ffs
For the past 4 years, I’ve gone to church every first and last Friday of the year... I didn’t go the last Friday of 2017 nor the first of 2018. Now, I feel incomplete and I hate myself.
i can't wait until this heavy horrible depression is a thing of the past
It’s a school night and I still couldn’t manage to fix my sleeping schedule
Ali is going to wake up and see me blow up his notifications up to the point where he can’t see his other ones he’ll be fine
Almost everything in life is that you can afford. -HASHEY BUNETTA
i'm not leaving new orleans, sorry, someone can have my room in boston and finish my degree for me cause i can't go back
still kinda salty I can’t charge my phone and use headphones at the same time anymore
i really ain’t shit whole time
I always offer, I don’t care if people take it. If you decide not to, thats on you
i can’t believe every person involved in the making of finding nemo just won every golden globe tonight good job guys
I'm really starting to realize how critical the Mega Collections were for us Sonic newer fans like myself. It was the first exposure myself and many others had to the classic games. Really surprised Sega hasn't gotten on a sequel for the Dreamcast era games.
Guess snap chat don’t want me having notifications
It’s never nobody cute that don’t like me it always be the ones who look like roadkill
I don't tweet about it enough but I love the entire cast of star wars and I'm also ready for saoirse ronan to be cast
Believe in yourself, even when everyone else doesn't.
U don't "agree" with my "lifestyle"? That's fine honey, I don't agree with yours either! I don't think our limited supply of clean air should be wasted on keeping bigots alive sooooo why are you still here ?
I would have lost my mind a long time ago if it wasn’t for God. I’m stronger, IM WISER, I’m BETTER!!!!!!!!!
I made a huge mistake. I thought I want to be teacher, but I don’t. I wanna have a job where I have enough time for my hobby.
okay just SEND ME EMOJIS instead I don’t have any questions to ask
okay so like I have two moods my “bitch don’t test me” mood and my “I want to give you all the love I have” mood
Trust is like an piece of paper once it’s crumbled it can’t be perfect
Idk how I haven’t got a ticket my ass stays taking red lights *knocks on wood* lmaooo
I’m going through my Instagram and if you don’t follow me back I’m unfollowing
Man y’all don’t understand how good God has been to me. Fr blessed
Everyone wanna be hard but don't wanna be served wit dem papers #Convicted Felon #Be Smartand Humble
Ned Stark ain’t get decapitated for this
Damn was my heart besting fast, I couldn't even get my legs to shaking
I planned on wearing my brockhampton belt to school tomorrow but it hasn’t shipped yet hahahahahahahhahah I’m mad it’s been like 4 weeks
Kaitlyn & I are getting ass tats & I can’t wait
i wanna take my contacts out but i don’t wanna wear them damn glasses
God I can't sleep and it's 12:22
I’m blessed enough to return to the state capitol tomorrow and clerk for a state representative. God is so good, and I don’t deserve any of the gifts I’ve been given.
I can’t even close my eyes, #FUCKED
It upsets me that my mom has a degree she worked extremely hard for and she can’t fulfill it here in the U.S. # fight for equality
I WANT A T A T T O O A S A P
for me , music isn’t just something. music is my art, my expression, my gift, my form of religion, my life
Just saw an exo giveaway but you couldn’t be multifandom, first of all, fuck you
Losing isn't the end of life. Losing is a learning process of becoming better.
I wish I had a friend to carry me around school so I don't have to walk
i haven’t seen tristan in like almost 2 days and i’m ab to cry, thank god he’s on his way home
Festive season is approaching but the rain doesn't stop. South Asia is still facing the gloomy days. Hope and pray for the better days.
#RHONJ Teresa is fooled in thinking her SIL, Danielle, and Margaret are her friends. They wanna be stars and T’s jealousy of Siggy and Dolores will allow herself to be attacked by them all as soon as it makes sense.
I want to take the ears off, but I can't. I hop, and when I hop, I never get off the ground.
I'm not sure what the point of this thread is. I just wanted to finally talk about it. I think maybe I need to stop thinking of it as "never growing up" and start wondering about how I can start growing sideways. I don't know.
Not feeling this 8am tomorrow I can't even tell you the last time I woke up at 7
“Can you send me this” So basically yall still don’t know what the “repost app” is or “screen record” ?
Sometimes you can’t help the soft spot you have for somebody no how mad they make you just can’t never stay mad for long
I'm the softest bot today, if you haven't noticed yet. :c
IF ROSE DON'T FIND THESE FUCKING KEYS
Before net neutrality don't get out of bed wtf.
Are you ready to the action?
See, I don’t need you And I don’t want to want you
I can’t wait to buy me some titties bra
It's been hours and I'm still feeling weird idk :( I don't even know why I'm just so!!!!! *lies down*
Sometimes I wonder if girls ever look at my socials just to find out if me and Austin are still together??? We are, btw.
Can’t wait to go home to LA Friday for three days.
I can't even do twitter right anymore
Once there was a brave warrior who was born to save his race, for he was the tiny Mudkip. #Donut Bot
So when you see me out don’t ask me about no Nicki, Fuck I look like telling my business on Wendy?
I Don't Know Where To Get My Next Tattoo
Setting my sleep cycle app for the first time in two weeks. I can’t believe winter break is over. These two weeks felt like forever, but it still wasn’t long enough. Three months until spring break
Natalie Portman ;THEN DON'T KEEP WORKING WITH MALE DIRECTORS. Take a goddamn stand if it means so much to you. ONLY work with women and selectively. #Natalie Portman
Just because I'm not talking, doesn't mean I'm in a bad mood. Sometimes I just like to be quiet.
the only person I wanna talk to in this whole world isn’t even here.
FIRST story on ABC news was that the Turnbull Government effectively lied about the potential effect of the Shorten negative gearing changes. So if that fact doesn't resonate with voters, Labor fans cannot blame the media. As they frequently do. # a us p ol
Money can’t change me it just changes everything else
Ever wanna talk to someone so bad even though you know you shouldn’t and you know you shouldn’t feel this way but you can’t help it because same
I haven’t felt this unhappy in a minute.
I’m like I promised myself I wasn’t going to cry! # o p r ah # o p r ah forpresident #Oprah Golden Globes
Lights camera action. I don’t do that. My AD calls Rolling , and I call Action! #New Hollywood Generation
2 of my many dogs deadass gave birth and there is about 10 puppies. If you want a puppy, I'll give it to you for free. We can't afford to take care of so many dogs.
I don't get the appeal of celebrity award shows at all
so one of my costumers yesterday said I looked just like this male ice skater. I don't remember the name he said. And the people at the table seemed quite disappointed at the fact nobody has told me that before....?!?!
Stop acting like you don't want to be loved
The prequels aren't even that bad
My NC Medicaid has expired. Now that I’m back in Michigan I REALLY don’t feel like goin through this process again.
can’t sleep bcuz X thinks listening to nick Jonas at midnight is okay :-)))
Black Mirror further supports my conclusion that women ain’t shit
It’s so reassuring when Shaun says “see ya soon” even if it won’t be that soon and idk why
did you know that in Korea, there is no such thing as ADD/autism because they don't recognize mental disorders at all
The idea that black people can't be racist individually because there's some systematic racism floating out there makes no sense logically.
Wild to me that people that study abroad in Africa never mention the country they study in and refer to an entire continent as one country...almost as if their trips there don't actually build cultural sensitivity
I have this friend, really dope friend, that’s doing everything I want to do and I couldn’t be happier for her.
If you say your done with me then stop telling people you miss me I don't give second chances especially to your ass
Some people can’t even afford to love
I can't even tweet how I feel cause of some people
One of the perks of being gay, you have so many hot girl bffs and all the other straight people admire you if they don’t know that you are gay lmao
haven’t been to a school dance in a while
You guys... I love black church so much. If you ain't going to black church what is your doin babeh?
And don't say that you sorry for breaking every inch of my heart, I should've known from the start now it's time to get lost!
I think I suck at texting is bc I don’t enjoy textingis that hard to believe
i'm going to sleep and i don't want to wake up
We both don't want our time waisted, so let's make the best of this year Together #Link With The Geek
My dads going to Rudy's can't fail cafe, broken guitars and 1234go records for me I'm gonna cry
#Agnyaathavaasi Trailer I can't wait for 10th Jan noooooo
My grandma is going in for heart surgery tomorrow and i don’t how to feel ...
DON'T SLEEP ON MY TEAM # Titans #Titan Up
Ladies... you found the one if he buys you something to eat even when you INSISTED you weren’t hungry... knowing damn well you were going to steal most of his food anyway.
i know what i want but in reality i ain’t ready for it
Yes, I'm tested for STI's, no I won't touch you unless you show me your results. Oh what's that? You don't wanna go get tested?
1/4 slots taken! Reminder that your slot won't be secured until payment is sent first <3
Been searching my hard dive for hours for one photo .... still haven’t found it.. i have 2 more hard drives to go ...
Those who sincerely repent to Allah in this world from all of sins, Allah s.w.t. says that He will accept their repentance. So never, ever despair of Allah’s Mercy, and never give up on yourselves.
“how are you?” she asks, as i’m taking mini shots back to back with a cigarette in my fingers. “im great, you?!”
I wasn’t strong enough to delete some pictures
Games in early access/open alpha/beta don't count sadly, as I'd rather review a finished product than something in active development
i don’t see nothing wrong w a little bump and grind
I been getting money, so don’t nothing really excite me
You can't live a perfect day without doing something for someone who will never be able to repay you. #Food For Thought #Pay It Forward #Real Women Of2018
i found da wae to sleep, but i didn't get enough today's gonna be a long very long, day
don’t forget Lance. you’re overlooking him. Lance is next level. toasting to being ahead in life. #Lance Skiiiwalker #TDE
it’s only a week into the 2018 and it’s already been amazing, i can’t wait for all these memories about to happen this year
Literally everything I do isn’t for me no one asked what I want to do and if they did, they don’t really care
I've come to accept my coworkers being aware about my double life as that girl who can't shut up about star wars aND NEVER WILL aaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA *RIPS SHIRT OFF*
You act like you don't even care.
Baby let's go to the movies but don't worry about it I'm buying your ticket and popcorn. Baby let's go on a date, don't touch the bill I got you. My man will not have to pay for everything. I got you just the way you got me.
He should’ve been eating my pussy but this nigga wanna be sleep so when he want some tomorrow he ain’t getting shit
probably streaming on # twitch with a migraine wasn't a great idea.
I can’t stand a selfish nigga. Huge turn off.
My doctor diagnosed me w dgaf-itis hopefully it ain’t contagious.
Nobody in the world tonight Ain't nobody in the world but you and I
I’m such a baby when i’m sick
"I don't fight anything don't you guys know that already Bl Tis why I'm the Uke, not the Seme :D " #Dense Bot
If u text me asking what's wrong and I tell you please don't respond with "dam bro that sux :/" or ":/" just don't even respond.
When you loose your first love that shit real I don’t care how real you is
i couldn’t get my battery replaced before the trip so i’ll do it when i come back
Spend all of these years, with all of these people you don’t even talk to, spending all of this money to get a degree for a job you’re most likely not going to get
Today I was asked to describe someone I didn't get on with at work and how I handled it. I said something like 'I tend to feel affection towards the rare person I don't get on with. Everyone needs a work arch-enemy'.
I miss mom mom already. This isn’t fair at all.
So bc i can’t sleep I’m having a party you’re all invited there will be snacks and drinks such as; half a pringles Can and water. There is a disco ball and a Bluetooth speaker , lets party
If you snap chatted me today, there’s a 100% chance I was incoherent and don’t remember what I said/sent
I’m really not lookin forward to seein all the people I cut off last year tomorrow. Cuz I already know hella people finna say “omg i missed you” apparently not sis, bc I ain’t get not one text from you
Am I the only one sick? I feel like everybody was sick last week now all of a sudden I’m sick as fuck and don’t see nobody complaining any more
Some people can’t go where you are going in life
so mom agreed to workout 3 times a week with me and man I couldn’t be happier
Literally took three hours...with a friend to finish a Chem test my prof decided to give us over he holidays. I don’t ljke take Home exams
Wish someone can go move my car I don’t feel like getting up
god didn’t make me super tall bc he knew I was gonna hurt some people if that happened so instead he made me short so now no one can take me seriously when I threaten them
I can’t go to bed at a “normal” time If my life depended on it.
One thing about love, it don’t never die
Can’t accept the fact that you did that to me
I don’t want to leave tomorrow but then again I do
Alriiiight... SoCal this coming weekend!! Can’t wait!!!
Don’t call my phone asking for my kids at 12 at night bihhh they sleep ugh
but luckily I don't have to go to work tomorrow so BLESSINGS
We ain’t cut from the same cloth
Asia: I don’t want fran to think I’m dumb Me: Jav:
I don't know if I want to stand in front of the fridge or freezer first. # Australian summer
2018 invest in yourself! Don’t put not a damn thing in front of that!
I thought it would be so nice to let my dog sleep in my bed with me until she started snoring so loud that i couldn’t believe it was coming from her... she’s lucky i love her
i'm so grateful for hoseok and his existence in my life he makes me so goddamn happy i don't know what i would do without him
He doesn’t need another sibling , he’s content with the number he has .
If i want hoes I can get em but that shit ain’t my style..
U don't care, why should I
No. No. Anxiety don't you dare. I've been doing just fine without you.
the girl i was before and the girl i am now, i came a long way, rl happy with my life and you mad ass bitches and dick sucking ass niggas ain’t taking that shit from me
How are you worth $100 million but won't wash up.
Don’t gotta hope and pray on it . I’m extremely blessed he has a great person to look up everyday ..
Got someone you love? Get someone you need? Fuck that, get money I can't give you my soul 'Cause we're never alone
I haven't taken a selfie in a really long time and it depresses me # life struggles
it don’t get no better than this.
It just hit me that I haven’t been hitting anyone with that positivity in a few days. I’m bouta hit all my friends up.
It's January 8th, if you not in the studio or somewhere else cooking then I don't know what you waiting for. Mans ain't got no time for Netflix in here
Don’t have a soul because my baby sucked it out of me
If ur response to Natalie Portman is "women should make better movies" unfollow me. don't want y'all nasty asses anywhere near my TL.Not when u jump through hoops of reality & pretend basic ass men haven't oppressed women systematically for them not to get opportunities. #TIMESUP
I swear Kaleb can’t guard me
Friedkin or something..the agent military man person has given up on life and honestly duuude same
Mean Kitty's Music Purrrfection Is now playing Centerfold by J. Geils Band!
still haven’t started this winter assignment
At least I don’t have to arch my back to show my ass lmaooooo
When the bitch doesn’t know you gave her aids
We don’t have to talk all the time. You and I know the love is there
dc has such iconic villains & i get they can't use most of them in movies like jl bc they need a worthy match for diana, clark, & arthur.
"You just haven't met the right person yet!" Well, it definitely isn't you, brat.
You've been hurt before, I can see it in your eyes. You try to smile it away, some things you can't disguise. - Demi Lovato
& I for sure ain’t too hard for myself or can say I don’t have no feelings.
Comedy is an ending that isn't tragic. I presume that is why Get Out is considered a comedy. Had the hero died or gone to prison, it would then fall under tragedy, yes or no?
I'm not a hint kind of bitch I'm gone ask you once and if you don't say it its on you , im not gone take it off yo chest you can get it off
My kohais don't even notice me... And I'm their senpai! #Maple Maple Bot
Ask yourself this. Why should I quit? If you have a reason then you ain’t about it. Simple
i can't eat anything from mcdonalds other than fries or else i get a stomach ache
Yes. Can you please leave us all alone? We all deserved to laugh. Don't mention anything about what is pass and what is going on. Give both some respect. Adios.
School hasn’t even started back and I’m already ready for spring break.
I seriously don’t know how I haven’t passed out from exhaustion yet lol
Can't believe mates relly goe.. Xx all tha love
GMT+7 I speak mostly English, and will use a little bit of Korean and also Bahasa I might be random at times and tweet useless things, I hope you don't mind
On the off chance any of you aren't astronomy efficienados, the North Star is that one. Ta ta
My birthday is always meh though so lately I just don’t expect much from it anymore.
It's 2018 and we still don't know what's inside the tape the girl got from Chanyeol's hand at the emd of Lotto
How does that bother me ? But the other thing doesn't
I, I don't know what happened! She was here a second ago!
“you’re just different kendall, you’re like a brand new toy that doesn’t come w any instructions”
I don’t be in my feelings I just be speaking facts
the next time Kanye tours idc how much it costs I’m going bitch
Luckily they didn’t have my size in any of the shoes I wanted.
Hey anyone on Turkey Tom that’s right he doesn’t care about people oh wait VP oh that’s right I do care about people not turkey Tom
Rather be without the hoe if she can’t benefit me
I need to be selfish before I’m selfless
I don't wanna wake upp nowwwwww it's too fucking earlyyy
Young enough to think I know it all, old enough to know I don’t
When a relationship ends, never have hate for that person... it’s so relieving to know that just because the relationship ended doesn’t mean you can’t feel for that person and still be there friend no matter what.
Don't you just love being that friend that everyone forgets about
#Star Sign Facts: Galbanum is the scent associated with Libra.
I can’t wait to fucking move!!
Somebody go to a tanning bed with me so I don't have to go alone
When I’m mad I don’t respond right away. I’ll sit plot, find flaws in my first plan, take a shot, regroup, and plot some more. I’m the type of person you don’t want to piss off.
Mexico has been sooooo good to me, I don't wanna go back lol
I can't believe I'm starting to think that even I am smarter than the president.
ever been tired, but can’t sleep bc. same
We ain’t gone fall out about hoes
Because it's against the companies religion lmao
i made a paw balm so my dog paws don’t get chapped
This why you don’t have sex with any and everyone and even then your significant other should get tested
I have class 4-7 on mondays but I don’t really care because I love sleeping in
reminder that if you follow me, don't talk to msg first
i have a high end security system and i still can’t sleep at night most of the time. it didn’t even happen to me but he was in my home when i was. sigh. night
I'm not discussing politics on Twitter anymore, politics are super fake and evil. It was designed by the Illuminati ruling class elites to make you think you have the illusion of choice but you don't. They've already decided who will win and who will lose.
I be thinking ima go to sleep at midnight and then it magically turns into 4 AM and I still be up doing I don’t fucking know what
I just busted my ass on the driveway , woman really ain’t shit
Took me forever to realize you don’t possess the capacity to love me..
why does instagram pick the 2 names u don't wanna see & put them in front of however many likes the person got
Up like I ain’t got school tomorrow
Re-listening to that Yuck album Glow and Behold. Obviously can't compare it to the S/T but it's a pretty good listen in a vacuum.
Can’t wait for taco. I think that’s the reason a lot of things seem to be falling apart. Taco wants to be here.
Being nice to someone you dislike doesn't mean you're being fake. It means you're mature enough to tolerate that individual.
I didn’t finish. I have a little over 22 pages. My goal is to at least get 30. I was binging on #Black Mirror and decided to watch the Golden Globes. But I wanna finish tomorrow... Hopefully.
I would say I need you in my life, but at the same time I really don't
You miss 100% of every chance you don't take
Money can't buy happiness. But financial freedom has a priceless view.
God I don’t know what your plans are for my dad but if it’s his time I understand that you need him but if it’s not his time please give me a sign because I’m dying over here not knowing
my head all messed up, i just won’t show it..
I’m trying my hardest to fall asleep and I can’t
Don’t mistake my friendliness for forgiveness. # G t foh
Honestly I don’t even like Twitter. # i mon l yon here to snoop #letthisbealessonfor Y O U #Y O U Rlifeisntthat G O O D
weren't you the one that didn't reply to my dm tho.
Don’t say something if you don’t mean it
Can’t think of nothing to tweet so I’m a just actually do some with my life
Nigga gave me head like he loved me lmfaoooooo fr . I can’t get that shit out my head for nothingggggg
Praying tomorrow all this runs smooth. Ready to get back on the pipe train. Job hopped enough last year. Can’t be so hot headed this year. #Specialty Welder
not to be an anti-sjw but it sure seems like y’all can’t differentiate between being a literal rapist and having worked for one & apologizing for it
I hate when people say “to be real” or “tbh” when saying something. If you was real and honest all the time, then you wouldn’t have to say that.
Despite being a huge The Room fan I am not strongly motivated to see the Disaster Artist. Franco turned the making of The Room into a buddy comedy. Franco clearly identifies with Wiseau and either doesn't notice or care that Wiseau is a terrible person.
When people don’t think about what they say it irritates me so much.
Don’t let the #Golden Globe awards distract you from the fact that Trump doesn’t know how Global Warming works! Just a reminder, he’s the president.
Fighting off the depressive episode didn't work. Might as well embrace it. Welcome back old friend, would you like some tea and cake? # mental health #Mental Health Matters
can’t give you all of me but i can’t wait to give you some
My phone don’t stay charged for shit
Going overboard... i don’t wanna stop now ..
i think i’m going to end up in a hospital this week, i’m still not feeling emotionally well since even after being w/ my bf today, it just wasn’t enough to brighten my day
I don’t get to sleep next to Ri every night because I basically live at my station most of the time but he went on a hunting trip for 4 days and it’s making me sad I’m not laying next to him
I noticed recently that the bomb emoji has been removed. I loved using that emoji and not for anything bad but cuz its cute when I say something's the bomb.
if you are going to change you don’t have to announce it, people will notice
Can’t wait til I can eat normal food again
I have managed to lose my passport and I leave for the Bahamas in a month And I specifically remember telling myself I was going to put it somewhere that I wasn’t going to forget Look how well that worked out
i woooon´t reeest until you´re mineee
IDK why everyone is so pissed. James Franco won the award & didn't have to invite anyone on stage. That's NOT a requirement. He'd already started his acceptance speech when Tommy Wiseau tried to take the mic away and take over. When did James' speech become Tommy's moment?
Y’all don’t know how many times I’ve pulled up to the Chick Fil A drive through on a Sunday just to be disappointed.
My mom thought I left the room so she decided to flash her fiancé not realizing I was still in the room and I can’t decide if that’s goals or gross??
For some reason I can’t shake this shit
i can’t sleep & this is a problem.
beware of the man that doesn't talk... beware of the dog that doesn't bark...
It's not even Monday yet but I can't wait for Friday
I hope the twins get better. I don’t want to see any of my faves sad
Can’t eat neck bones unless they drenched in hot sauce
I may have swiped this joke from a discord user, please don't hurt me.
last name means house but i don’t even have a home
doin't push you self take time people
I get depressed if my nails aren’t done.
I hate how sexist some customers are when they ask me questions about some items & I’ll give them the answers & they STILL go to my male coworkers to ask them the same shit like if I don’t know.
I don't even care anymore the last tendrils of care are reeling in
y’all really don’t get why Nicole Kidman’s comment was warranted. On the night where women were supposed to be listened to and celebrated, a big category only had men nominees.
I'M LAUGHING SO HARD BC TROYE DID THIS SO WRONG EVEN HE DON'T HAVE A SHIT ABOUT THE ANNOUNCEMENT
Idk how you can fully support either political party they don't care about you # l ol
Why am I stressed about my school work & haven’t even started class yet
My non kpop tells me that she doesn’t know much bout BTS then calls everyone by their first names. bruh, you sure you don’t know them.
“ You can’t be where you want to be without putting in the work or effort to get there “
i’ve been playing “superstar sm/jyp” for quite sometime now. too bad you can’t transfer the gems to other app. let the card collecting/booster begin!
If Decovan don’t get out the shower before the next KABOOM I’m hopping in there with him.
You don’t know willpower until you stop yourself from liking someone’s Instagram picture from 3+ years ago
i’m trying to be positive about today but i can’t anyway i hope you all have a good day bye!
Imma cop that sonic game lol
Ain’t nothing wrong with anal... I love it
something i’d never understand is how can anyone be obsessed with something/someone they don’t like. it makes 0 sense
Finally saw Lady Bird (WHICH WAS FANTASTIC) and immediately had to come home and turn on Manchester By The Sea because Lucas Hedges is just so great.
Transit drivers themselves are saying they don’t feel comfortable driving on that ice and you think imma feel comfortable with them driving me??? Hard pass.
Sober at my work staff Party. Realizing my owners are really aggressive when drunk. Awks. Don’t remember that from last year.
When will the truth ever be good enough ? If you don’t want me mad don’t lie !!! I don’t have time for liars , and if that’s who you really wanna be count me and your daughter out
I feel like my family doesn’t even want me to be happy...
U ain’t gotta lie on mfs just keep it 100 u a get yo point across & maintain a lil Respect at least
I started planning for next month and then said fuck it
i really just can't put myself in a position to do schoolwork it's crazy
See that's why I don't bother watching award shows all they do is rob talented people it's frustrating
Christian’s teething doesn’t let him sleep which doesn’t let me sleep.
Got a pizza earlier tonight and they didn't cut it....YOU HAD ONE JOB
Just found out Saoirse was in The Host and I haven't seen Lady Bird but I already know she deserved that win
I play one Money 8s after a month back, it's the most toxic thing in the world. I didn't get traded once an entire game lmao.
Don’t take things for granted and don’t take things personal and you might just make it out alive, biiiiitch. # lesson of the day
Right now isn’t our time but Ima live my life till it is.
I get the end of someone shit all the time it doesn’t fail
When guys say they miss me or they wish I was there I always say “I bet” ..like I don’t wish that so sorry?
Shit I Don't Like: ?? Drama ? Slow texters ?? Being woke up out my sleep ???? Being bored ?? Low battery ?? Hoes ?? Being lied to ??
I knew that Mark Sloan was going to die, but it doesn't make this episode easier to watch
If you shop at H&M I don't respect you
she call me daddy but I ain’t her mf fatha
Last couple months I haven’t been feel myself
Wow. I don’t think I’ll ever forget Oprah’s speech at this year’s #Golden Globes
Good thing I don't have to wake up early tomorrow I can use some rest lol it was a lonng weekend.
Bella just realized that I’m on the other side of the country She didn’t know where South Carolina was at
“The universe is a cruel, uncaring void. The key to being happy isn't a search for meaning. It's to just keep yourself busy with unimportant nonsense, and eventually, you'll be dead.”
A # S c or pi os imagination is very wild, can't be tamed. No limit to what a # S c or pi o can achieve.
It doesn't matter if I argue with you... , when i think about you, tears come to my eyes because i fucking love you mom.
< when the ads is 1 minute long and can’t be skip >
If you ain’t trynna be the best person you know than what’s the point?
I never needed a dude and I ain’t pick today to start #I Got This
You gotta know when to fall back , so you won’t be out here looking thupid .
So many people still have the even rarer ones animals don't ask for for like 10,000 bells too it's unfortunate
i haven't been this happy in so long # blessed
I just re-watched the whole entire series of twilight and i still can't decide if I'm team Jacob or team Edward lmao I love them both
Don’t dream for success Work for success # success # motivation
Changes don’t happen by the years, they happen by the epiphanies.
if my man is fine to me guess what? he fine as fuck to me idc i honest to god don’t care if you think he ugly because he’s very much handsome from my view
gakubaby anime is really cute!!! i really like the anime and it's so cute seeing the kids move around ;__; but i didn't know umehara was voicing kamitani and sings part of the ed UHHHH HOW DARE HE
If you don't play your cards how do you change the odds?
Had a dream I booked a last min holiday for the next day but my passport is outta date so couldn’t go, that was pure motivation to renew it
why am i still at my gma house ughhh im tired & i wanna go to sleep. don’t even care about my birthday honestly, just wanna sleep
I can't believe i'm still awake
i became so focused on myself that everyone else didn’t matter
if you're 18+ and actually harrassing minors on twitter because their nsfw headcanons are "sloppy" or "incorrect" then i've actually lost all respect for you, get a life and stop yelling at kids because their ideal top isn't a bottom like you want jesus christ
"It wasn't any of that zombie bullshit either." - no context, my Momma
Dykes really don’t die, name one dyke funeral you been too lol sike naw
Idk why but Yuju's voice is so beautiful... man i can't describe it i just cry when i listen to her. I wonder how can even exist someone with that perfect voice
Don’t know if I’m back on my bs or just on some new shit.
Me: I kind of want a pa rake et . Wouldn’t that be cute to have it sit on my shoulder everywhere I go? Ezra: yeah that would be adorable... you pirate grandma! # Pirates # pa rake et # crew life
I don’t know about you, but I’m feelin 22
Half of y’all’s makeup don’t even be looking that good tho
some guy broke our streak because i didn’t say hi to him at work nsjsjdjjsjdjf
“it’s okay if you don’t have a dream” -min yoongi
y’all we haven’t even been back to school & i already miss patrick. idk who ima mess w in food science now.
i bet sis did block me ... don’t play
I don’t have the will to live in a world where activists have to protest President Winfrey
Consistance dude its that easy I text you a lot your ass don't text me as much unless I post something or shoot my text fuck out of here.
Honestly, I couldn't hate you even if I tried.
Social media make you want a baby.. reality don’t
I don’t see how people can settle
tried to go to the bar twenty minutes after I turned 21 and I wasn't let in...2018 is going to be my year
goodmorning!!!! i can't believe i'm saying this but i'm not even tired
Website has been in the works for 3 weeks. New and more evil ideas pop up and I can’t wait to unveil them.
I gotta look her in the eyes and see she’s had half of me, she ain’t even half of me
i'm freezing and i didn't even leave my room yet ahh yes we love monday mornings
I feel like Butterknives isn't working out and I feel bad
i’m mad because i’m going out of my way to buy dancer heels for my cosplay but they’re honest the most comfortable heels in the entire world
Won't # B it coin eventually just become a proxy for the price of electricity? $BTC
I didn’t watch the Golden Globes but I’m assuming it was a bunch of multi-millionaires talking about how things need to change.
They told Margot Robbie ‘I, Tonya’ couldn’t get made, but now the film has a Golden Globe
I need to go to a makeup class for eye shadow literally can’t do it if my life depended on it
i don’t really know why i’m sad probably because * **** ****** **** ** *** *** **** ****** but i’m gonna stop being annoying about it
i love the reviews and stuff he does with facial masks and makeup, however i don't wear makeup, but honestly his review with the two colored lip balm tint made me want to buy them so maybe once i get paid again ill buy them lol
That’s why I haven’t dated anyone since the 7th grade, guys suck and I don’t trust anyone.
“TOKI won't be waitin' for us, We gotta live for now … «TOKI -English ver.-/Da-iCE»
It slowly doesn’t even matter anymore.
everything i’m working towards now will be worth my final destination, and i can’t wait for what my future holds in 5 years
Can't wait til this cold blows over, I'm delirious right now
College is too much for my f r a i l m e n t a l s t a t e
wow my schedule isn’t ass this week
Just so I don't get mad
If the only way you can have a good time is by getting drunk, I truly feel sorry for you. That's not happiness/fun, it's an illusion. Your life must suck.Doesn't count as fun if you can't remember any of it the next day.
Even after 3.5 years, the feeling of excitement mixed with sadness when going back to school hasn't left me.
When you and someone don't like the same person...such a bonding moment.
james franco got his break in the spiderman trilogy and hasn't done anything good since
I have two friends and honestly I couldn’t be happier
#Save Jewker I don't know why but save him???
I don’t think women like dates anymore.....
I can’t even look at Hollywood and actors and all that shit without thinking about the disgusting pedophiles that work in the industry and are protected along with rapists
why can't you niggas be as smooth and excited to give head like Marvin Gaye on Soon I'll Be Loving You??
don't speak on stuff youn know 'bout.
I think I'm addicted to naked pictures And sitting talkin' 'bout bitches that we almost had I don't think I'm conscious of making monsters Outta the women I sponsor 'til it all goes bad But shit it's all good
My dad didn't pick up so I had to do it my phone was dying
I honestly can't wait for Black Panther
i honestly can't believe how good the movies have been over the last year. it's incredible
Why is my mans so cute , I can’t stop staring at him :,))))
I can’t believe i ripped my lashes fuuuuck
LIFE should be so meaningful...Don't ever run away from difficulties,have a sincerity of purpose and go all out for it!
Hey... I haven't given up on ya you know? Like it or not....
I just downloaded a movie called Raw but I can't watch it alone I'm too scared
I think $music isn’t a good long term buy. There’s a lot of talk about how it will revolutionize the music industry from a lot of people who don’t know much about it.
I'm not interested in being "A real nigga" or "a street nigga". If that doesn't turn you on then go fuck with one of those types of males. I'm a MAN. We're not the same caliber.
My little bother literally just came in my room took all my MSA shirts and hoodies and was like “man I can’t wait to wear these” and left
Oh damn Shay won’t even talking about being physically tired.
You don't have to give up, just stay prayed up.
I put my nighttime essential oils in my diffuser too early now I can't stay awake whoops
why didn’t anyone tell me how good Episodes is
Already have zero motivation to finish this semester and it doesn’t even start until Tuesday.
You won’t find a better GF than Nyia no where
The winner ain’t the one with the # fastest # car , it’s the one who refuses to lose.
I hate that people have my twitter and like shit on accident like bruh ion like these people don’t like their shit on my twitter goofy
You’ll never catch me trying to be something I’m not. Don’t know how half of you can’t just be yourself.
People out here think they can almost cause my car to get hit like I won’t follow them to their destination and beat that ass idc idc
I have the life you want ... don’t be mad
My main goal in life isn’t to be a millionaire. I’m open to it happening and I believe it can. I just don’t obsess over it. I don’t allow money to dictate my life.
You try to do your best and it’s like people don’t even notice that..
some people are just mad bc they will never be as amazing and as spectacular as you are!!!!!!! LOL! HATERS GONNA HATE!!!! BUT SHAKE IT OFF AMIRITE T SWIZZLE
Finding out that my laptop works again and that I don’t have an 8 am everyday Yee haw
I just woke myself up from a nightmare. I can’t even remember the last time I had one and now I feel so shaken up
They say you can’t choose family, I chose mine
Jan 12,2018 can’t get here fast enough
I wanna make friends so please don’t be afraid to message me, I’m nice and I tell (semi) decent jokes to see people’s cute grin or eye roll!
which is better??? don’t disappoint me
If you haven't seen Dark on Netflix, you need to.
Wouldn't want to end up regretting that lmao
as soon as i stop eating whenever im bored, its over for all you bitches
$ZCL going up! I don't care WHO you are trying to FUD this coin. You have enough BTC to buy my entire family, I DON'T CARE! $ZCL is going up. END OF STORY.
I wish home and my mom weren’t so far away.
I don’t care for attention if it’s not who I want it from
BITCH nigga better NEVER I mean NEVER fix they mouth to say Kayla wasn’t real with em
Shawdys be wanting you to kiss them after they then sucked yo dick lol I can’t go like thayv
mom and i are looking at when i’ll be living in scotland and the places i can go and im so excited for that life to start in the fall
I am only missing one thing in my life & it's my girl...
Can’t believe my baby sister is really gonna be 2 in two more monthswhere do time be going for real?
Sticking to the code ain’t gone never fold, Ima stand up like a man that’s what I was told
Kids don’t know how to let Christmas come and go this nigga still watching stuff bout Christmas.
Should I buy Collar X Malice? Or will I get mad because I can’t date the cute glasses guys?
if i don’t have work tomorrow i’m taking a nap after school not even kidding
Nights I need sleep I can’t
inb4 shit ain't Gilgamesh it was kinky inuyasha all along??!
andrea and dwight got engaged today and i’m so so so so happy
Niggas locked up, only call when they need money, I don’t complain about the shit, I just think the shit funny
haven’t had a very dramatic outburst that ruins literally all of my relationships in a while that means it’s coming soon
Coming home hasn't felt the same without you there
If y’all ain’t about what you talk then bitch stfu !
Get off your ass don't be ashamed . Made in Japan]Re….
i didn’t realize how toxic my surroundings were for a solid 6 months last year...that shit stays in 2017.
I Feel bad for the people who gotta watch the person they Love Love somebody else because they wasn’t ready to Love them the way the wanted to be Love cause now you gone try to find somebody to match that and it’ll never be the same
deadass just layed in my bed and couldn’t sleep so i tried to plan out my life after highschool and i can honestly say im ready for the new stories and adventures imma have...
Trump is a fascist dictator. LOL Trump can't even pass his healthcare bill with a republican majority! #Progressive Contradictions
|| To anyone I write with, I encourage your character to have Ember’s babies. If you’ve been looking to get your character pregnant, let’s do it. Shit, surprise me with the news after we write. Idc. We don’t even have to plan it.
Forget injuries, never change who can't dance.
Bitch you ain’t gang you lame
I’m not perfect - i ain’t tryna be - I’m me
tbh if my gag award for Cadre isn't good this year I'm quitting
I am 9000% broke because America doesn't pay women, much less humans, enough to do anything with their lives but pay bills. OH WELL.
do you ever keep waiting for this notification you ain't getting
Meanwhile in glee world, Kurt and Blaine Hummel-Anderson are watching the Golden Globes together and Kurt is shocked to see one of the presenters looks exactly like Blaine but with a beard. Blaine disagrees and thinks he and the beard guy definitely don't look alike.
How y’all get decent sleep? Because i can’t.
Play delayed in Sydney by light rain.
lmao i won’t see that pedo ever again i’m happy im back to choir man i love singing HA
Dasani water >> any other water. don’t argue with me.
“They have their own problems, don’t make them one of yours.” -Advice I just received
can’t believe I’m gonna be in a completely different country for months in literally two or three days, stoked
So who were the ones who didn’t wear black tonight?
i’m trying to think about how to tweet about all this stuff with troye but i honestly don’t remember how to it’s been so LONG
like a lot of people don’t understand how someone can have such an impact on you and you don’t know them but justin’s music changes my life and through that , i feel like i know him
I’m just convinced I wasn’t meant to be happy like at all
I smoke so much dope bitch I can't move
I’m tryna recover from shit I don’t speak about
I CAN'T even think of anything else other than the fact that i can hear his TECHNICAL SKILL, his storytelling, his wordplay, his LYRICS (!!!!!!!). BEAT CHOICES, CADENCES-
He doesn't know what he's missing
Can’t be for the people and me.
I ain’t been on dis bih in a minute
I don't want to live forever.
I wanna be alone, I don't wanna be wt u
Is there any Taco Bell’s around Carson mall? still don’t know this area and i been living here for like 3 years now
don’t be the one that’s doing the talking be the one they talking about
Venting it deadddd. Better just to keep shit to yourself. Don’t nobody really gaf about you.
I don't know how people live without electric blankets during the winter. Mine quit last night and even 5 blankets didn't keep me warm enough. #Hate The Cold #Cant Live Without
i can’t believe there are still people who work with woody allen
I don't ask niggas for not a brown penny
It doesn’t take much to remind someone of their light. Just some simple kindness.
Was it human interaction? How did the Earth’s climate warm up and change if there weren’t humans here on Earth? Is it possible that the earth naturally changes temperatures? #Climate Change
Lets turn the truck back around and head back home to Guanajuato 2 weeks wasn’t enough
Only reason I went to a juco was to play ball if it wasn't for that I woulda went straight to a university
I can't update my phone to iOS 11. For why
things she can’t and won’t i will
i don't even remember singing happy birthday to tiana last night
i can't love you baby i don't love nobody
kylie: “i like robert and jason. when am i gonna see jason again?” me: “i don’t why you keep talking about those two” kylie: “BECAUSE I LIKE THEM AND YOU NEED MORE FRIENDS LIKE THEM” me: “no”
"Fail again, fail again. After ending your search for mistakes, it spins again!" - Rolling Girl [ Hatsune Miku ]
if you know I don’t like you don’t try to talk to me hoe
why can’t i just do what is best for me. wtfff
Today's the first day of degree intake for my cohort at my uni but too bad I don't wanna continue there anymore :v
STG I can’t wait to move.!! Hate these mothafuckas over here g.
Traffic ain't nothing with a very windy day.
#Nobody Should Ever Feel Like not using double negatives won't cause confusion
I need to visit the west coast
I’m surprised Get Out didn’t win any awards tonight?
Wayne really be hollin it don’t make no sense
Ain't no daughter of mine gon' be fucked inna van
You Can’t Control Me , Do I Look Like a Remote?
Cheyenne really crying because I won’t let her go sleep in our mama bed
First off. I can't believe this anime LITERALLY killed off ALL of my favorite characters. Like LITERALLY all y favorite characters are GONE.
i wouldn’t mind going to class if it wasn’t cold...
*me barely listening on facetime* holly: i miscellaneously threw it across the room and it went in the trash can me: ...you what? holly:......i don’t think i used that word in the right context...
My New Years resolution was to stop being such an ass, but I honestly don’t think anything’s gonna change
i won’t rest until i’ve hacked into armie hammer’s phone and ruined his livelihood
When his friend is fine as hell & talented asf but you don’t wanna slide into the DMs because they best friends
If I tagged u in a group chat and you don't want to be in the chat please tell me I'll remove u
GAKUEN BABYSITTERS IS A MUST-WATCH SHOW Y'ALL BETTER DON'T SLEEP ON IT.
if you have to question if you really fw or not, just don’t fwm at all ..
That feeling when you don’t even know what the fuck you’re feeling.
And until Dwyane The Rock Johnson takes a firm stand on ANY cotdambed polticial issue I don't wanna hear jack shit from his Arron Burr ass about running for nuthin.
Imma have to mute this damn tweet cuz now I got Trump nation in my mentions and I ain’t here for none of that shit.
Not ready to go back home to Florida. I don’t wanna go back to school or work yet. But mostly just don’t wanna leave Sase
You can't get much done in life if you only work on the days you feel good
"The things i want yo remember i can't, and the things i try to forget just keep coming"- Jules Abott #Into The Water
"D-Do y-you w-wa-ant to {die~?} p-party with m-me?" #Toy Bot
when I got my first gun I ain't say a thing
You can't excommunicate me if I excommunicate you first!
It will take your whole life to match his personality class and his status ... honestly I haven't seen such a jealous man like you ever in my life.. and thanks for keep showing me 'your real' repeatedly and ceaselessly kushagra bhatia
Haven’t felt this rough in a long time
Don't let the grass grow under your feet
I might say some shit out my mouth but still don’t leave her
I NEED TO SLEEP SO I CAN WAKE UP FOR INFINITE!!! but infinite just uploaded their comeback vlive good thing it's not subbed yet so i don't have to watch it until tomorrow
Bleedculture/A$AP Nigga We A Team If You Don’t Like It, Nigga FUCK YOU NO VA$ELiNE
we can't make everything about this shit all the time i'm ok with people wearing black and i'm ok with all that but just like,, calm the fuck down
Its a "color your tarot" deck, which is a great idea but the card paper doesn't take watercolor like I'm used to,, but its so cute and fun to get to know the imagery,
Don't let a # Sea son of # S or row turn into a lifetime of # bitterness ~ #Fearfully Made #Gracefully Saved
I didn't watch her speech or anything, I just want people to remember she's not this perfect being - she genuinely didn't show any understanding as to why Chappelle put his life over money
I don't understand how people don't like The Beatles.
"Success isn’t predicated on good ideas. It’s predicated on hard work."
Life has been flying by so fast these last few weeks. It's starting to all hit me. Everything I've been doing. Everything that's happened... if I said all that was happening, you'd think it was a perfect life. But it doesn't feel like it. If feels scary.
If you can�t run, start slow by walking for 9 minutes and jog for 1 minute. Do that a couple of times and then slowly exchange the minutes walking for minutes running.
I didn’t birth Mason, but I’m up at 12:20am singing “you’re my sunshine” calming him down from a nightmare.
Me and one of my followers use to crack jokes on there everyday with each other then his ass sent me a dick pic I was like please don’t make me block you my baby
How # late 20 s work: 28 - the “thi s i s mm year” year 29 - the “independent; s elf love: I don’t need no one” year. 30 - the “omg omg omg I’m gonna die alone, why why why did I take that year off to focu s on me” year # adult in g
I cut people off I ain't ever been cut dummy.
talking to this guy on tinder and he said he doesn’t rly know much about drag,. NEXT
I’ve come to the realization that will never happen simply because he doesn’t want too. Rant over thanks guys
if you wanna leave just leave, but you ain't gotta lie to me, even the blind can see, that you ain't gon' ride for me
hold up, they don't love you like I love you
Don't you give up nah nah nah I won't give up nah nah nah Let me love (&trend) you let me love(&trend) you VIKAS DESERVES THE WIN
14) i can’t watch scary movies at all... it takes me a good month just to get over them like no
i’m throwing my whole phone away
Never forget in AP Bio when Mrs. Rice called on me and I wa sipping water so I made her wait until I was done, and then responded with “I don’t know” and I think she wanted to slit my throat in that moment
LRT: If I've seen that clip, I don't remember it. Didn't realize that it was from months ago.
Class tmw... prolly won't go to sleep til 4 or 5 hopefully they get cancelled
I need to be kind to myself when it comes to things I can’t control — like only having learned how to step out of my comfort zone once I entered college, it’s still a work in progress too
So if your intention is to get with me to have sex, seriously don’t waste your time.
Hey where is the universe where I don't have to listen to people ramble on about The Room constantly? We get it. You have narrow ideas of what cult films are. Thanks for your thoughts, Brendolin.
I would also have to say patience goes along way. I’m not saying deal with obvious infidelity.. I’m saying just because their opinion is sometimes different than yours shouldn’t be a deal breaker. Or because they snore loud..
It hurts when you give so much love and receive none (some of people would be butt hurt if I said I didn't want to be friends) but Imma just do me
They didn’t lie when they said these four years would fly by like a blink of an eye.. Makes me sad to know so many things are ending, but also makes me look forward to a future of firsts.
hnnrgh KSP craft file upgrade issues - thankfully I worked out all the problems after some sleuthing through the file and I didn't have to completely rebuild the Deuce *again* - Civvie loaded up fine in v1.3.1 as did the Progeny rockets. Wheeeee
Faithful Slave has made it clear that brothers shouldn't be appointed out of desperation for help in the congregation. But should really meet the spiritual qualifications
T-that's not sticky and won't return.
If we can’t belt the that 70’s show theme song, you ain’t the one bro
Honestly don’t get dragged by a counselor Bc we read your ass like no other in two sentences have you needing therapy
Wow. Well let’s make sure Bergio, Chew & Brance doesn’t die
Don't give up if you want to love
Don’t know how I’m going to do it when I lose the other one...
i don’t want a boyfriend at the moment but i don’t date to waste my time or anyone else’s either.
I could ectomy my mastes & grow a whole beard and my family would still call me a woman so at this point I guess I'm just not fighting these 4 people anymore
what should i watch (pls vote don’t make me feel embarrassed n lame)
When i go tomorrow ima act all dramatic
Can't stand this cold weather. Can't wait for summer and the blazing heat.
You’ll get what you give, I don’t do no extra shit with no effort given
I don't know whether it is coincidence or not but how can their official game is launched JUST AFTER the au finished. Coincidence much duh
That moment you go back to like a tweet but you can't find it
Nothing piss me off more than a mf that DON’T listen
You fuck with bitches I know won’t make you feel better
Whatever I have a problem I need to start pretending to be someone else asking me about that problem. I'm the kind of person that gives other people good advice, not myself.
next up just gotta get on a good schedule, which is kinda tough since inspiration strikes me at weird times usually....
Ladies...can we please stop talking down on men? Just because one guy did you wrong, doesn't mean they all will.
Don’t be running up on me like that lil nigga. My homie got a Mac 11 tuck
Cause even the blind can see .. that you ain’t gone ride for me
Didn't get the job for Langkawi. Sigh.
if u snap me and i don’t reply the first 6+ times, PLEASE for the love of god get a clue
Sometimes I feel I don't have the words Sometimes I feel I'm not being heared And then I fear I'm feeling nothing more
T’sssssss I’m getting some pussy tonight ....
If Black Mirror doesn't live up to the hype of being the modern day Twilight Zone, ya girl is gonna be triggered af.
Got my first shift today but I can't stop shaking n I'm gonna vom
Kuna wazimu unawapa phone number unawaambia wa text wanainsist kucall. NKT. They tryna sell u sth expensive that u don't need. Gui
I can't stop listening to Rewrite the Stars
Niggas hate cause they can't stop us.
Savannah said her cookies taste like lays chips I knew she couldn’t bake
I’m excited to eat lots of food during this trip but Carlos said we can’t eat the whole time... I don’t need this kind of negativity in my life
Don't Play With Me Cuz You Not Gon Like The Way I Play Back
I wish I could turn back the time just to feel you again
I love hearing " I'ma handle it" even when I don't need him to, he always come through
Keep on sayin wea u goin nigga..It ain't no telln
Niggas get a few hoes and think everybody want them chill out bro don’t get ahead of yaself
Constant reminder for 2018: How people treat you is a reflection of how they feel about themselves
I still don’t know how I got so freakin lucky.
Honestly one of the most inconsiderate things you can do is show up at a restaurant to eat when they are about to close.
Everything is so heavy I can’t breathe
srsly i've seen that freakin logan paul article tweet too many times - taylor hasn't even done any interviews regarding her album why the FUCK would she make a statement about logan paul
"I'm building dick!" Can you guess who said that? I'll give you a hint: It wasn't Marcus.
Im a human so don't expect that i am flawless i can commit sins too
I don't need no new settlers to try and convince me of their truth I need them to look deeper/ further into history and maybe they will understand
You can teach a hungry guy to be smart, but you can’t teach a smart guy to be hungry
it’s dangerous to idolize celebrities and politicians and people you don’t know personally
can’t trust people like i used to. you showed me different
antidepressants help with being suicidal, but when i'm on them I don't feel happy or sad, just empty.
Holyyy! I can't wait for BTS rythm game
The shower I just took was so cold it felt like I went for a swim in the Dan River bc my water in my apartment didn’t heat up (-:
If you ain’t talk to me all break . Don’t expect a “I miss youu” from me. Honestly I don’t miss seeing you or this school .
It's really not that deep lol imma tweet it another day cuz I don't feel like getting dragged for reaching
Be focused other opinions don't matter
catch me changing my layout 29477492 times because i can’t decide what pics to use
Don't Get It Twisted, I Don't Need Anyone, But It Would Be Nice To Have Someone.
Who can tell the public, in the end there is online consumption tax good or bad? And T&C good or bad? Because there is no reply to the employer( if get price). No wonder i can not receive anyting
che es mi idea o el pibito q hacia de kenny en shut up and dance de black mirror actua en the end of the fucking world??! porque si es asi la voy a tener que ver sorry i don't make the rules
20,000 likes since joining tinder like 3 months ago but still single af lol don’t even use the app, can’t help but laugh
I just don't get it..the ending is tae and yoongi ended up missing? Then what happened after that? Omg i need a season 2 #B T Soutcast D5
Snowing again tommorow? Damn bitches ain’t shit
If we haven’t talked in three or four months then you don’t know me sweetheart
That ain’t funny but boy that funny
AN A PRESS IS AN A PRESS, YOU CAN’T SAY IT’S ONLY A HALF!!!
Finding myself in my own lane ain’t no swerving es way
If you didn't like or weren't moved by Oprah's speech at the golden globes, I don't even know what to tell ya..
On the most basic level. Birth Control is not offered on your insurance plan ..
Guess I'll call it a night
listen i just hate movies about men where they don't kiss
*refusing to sleep because I ain't tired* I had like 6 extra notebooks. Where are they. I need one for world building.
Remember we ain't have no heat kept that oven door open
wait so Michael doesn’t come back to the office after season 7? Wtf am I still watching for omggg
lrt peter rabbit was my favorite story when i was little and i can’t believe i’m being disrespected like this
That's partially why his death tonight was so shocking. I noticed a few weeks back that he wasn't getting any story prep, and that's when I started to wonder if we were going to have a #Bury Your Gays situation on our hands. And, sadly, we did. ~
I don't know why broke up? I mean she's a catch Dude, I like her. Urgh! If I could be a boy, I definitely date her.
yay i don’t get my car all week, and maybe next too
I have to sit here outside the employee only section of target bc my short ass can’t reach the top to get a gallon of water Im so sad
I love this world of film and television so much, but I will never let it take away from the stories and lives of everyday women who don't have the luxury to wear a black gown to prove their disapproval of a culture
i wanna thank him and he hasn’t done anything yet (he did)
What's even weirder is ang landi ko don. Hahaha PDA e, mygad! I don't landi in public. Not yet.
#Stephen Miller is such an embarrassment to the nation. And to note, I am certain he is an illiterate stoner with perpetual cottonmouth. I don't care about the weed, but christ man... take tiny sip of water like Donny here and there. It helps... just ask Geriatric Don.
This insomnia won’t kill me in Jesus Name, amen
Also to my LA friends who like reading: the LAPL e-card is great and I don’t have to leave my house to read SO MANY EBOOKS (although it does require that you have some kind of address).
I do not want Oprah to run for president because she would probably win and that doesn't make one qualified
if Jorden doesn’t wake up I’m gonna hold his nose until he does
While this Facebook post speaks to physical abuse, it applies to ALL ABUSE. All of it. I don't care who a survivor is accusing, or what type of abuse they experienced, I will support and believe them always. Forever. I've got your back.
I see you lurkin my page I’m still good bitch don’t worry
Omg I'm off tomorrow and I feel like I haven't been off in forever
You couldn’t catch me really trippen over a guy until now and that scares me so bad
My daughter goes back to school tomorrow (after being off for a month) and can't sleep.. I feel bad cause I know that exact feeling..
It's not "woke" enough because sympathetic but embattled characters drop the n-bomb? Y'all West and East coasters might be shocked but that's the banality of racism in middle America. Racists aren't evil drones in hoods. They're the aunt or uncle who gives you socks on Christmas.
Attention friends if you do not here from me tomorrow night it’s not because I was kidnapped on a Tinder date but because Bama and Georgia is playing and I can’t afford interruptions
Can't... keep eyes open. Someone... pinch... me.
Mom: where did you go? Me: the restroom Mom: what? Me: THE RESTROOM Mom: don’t yell at your mother #We Broke Up Because
I hate when people ask me what I’ll be doing in 2 years.. like cmon guys I don’t have 2020 vision
My growth came when I realized I don't have to experience life the way I was told to..
Why don’t we just send out something like a boat or something with a bunch of waterproof cameras out to the Bermuda Triangle to figure out what happens
I ain’t talk to Miley all day
And even when you doubt yourself you are right babygirl. Don’t ever second guess yourself. FUCK THESE HOES.
I don't feel pretty. I just feel used.
it’s time to fling myself into the sun bc i don’t want to go to school tomorrow
I don’t care if they have “emotional intelligence.” I want them to have intelliegence-intellegence. Degrees, high LSAT’s, 4.0 grade averages, enough science to understand global warming or a chain reaction. Screw likable!
Dear Universe, Please help me not eat this entire bag of potato chips for dinner. I mean honestly, why you even make them so good?! Signed, A nigga who don’t know how to act
treasury secretary washington’s the president every american experiment sets a precedent not so fast someone came along to resist him pissed him off until we had a two party system you haven’t met him yet you haven’t had the chance
I'm sick of the mockery you're turning it into.
PSA: A “Disregard” is meant to be an introduction inform the reader that they shouldn’t take it personal. *Translation to the illiterate Get over yourself
Don’t give up on love, just put it on hold!
If my expectations are too high for you, you aren’t good enough for me.
Honestly if you didn't do anything wrong in a relationship. You didn't lose anyone, they lost you it's their problem not yours. So got to keep your head up and push forward.
It’s almost midnight & i haven’t done my laundry yet plus i have class in the am
why doesn’t anyone ever talk about Lil Nicky ??? that was a good movie /:
They didn’t fire that announcer even though I think he just called it MBC.
i fucking hate my life i didn't do any of this work & now there's so goddamn many
Augustus doesn’t realize that he’s a growing puppy, (50 lbs right now) so he still expects me to carry him to bed and let him fall asleep on top of me, and this is honestly the opposite of a problem
Can’t get over Kendall’s wannabe Emrata face tonight # what is that
I am in preplayer signing era of barcelona. Almost done deal. Announcement within 2 to 3 days. like that. For me she will be signed on a life time contract and she won't have any release clause. # waiting
"You can ask a nigha for nothing and he still won't have it" bruuhhhh I'm weeeeaaaakk # facts is facts
Ignore me, Doubt me, Don't support me but just know I will always rise!!!
Apologies ain’t shit if you keep doing the same thing
Im use to men who don't think about how much is a date.Tf we just go out and have fun.He scared like off fuckin t.v Maan we just do it
We don't know how we can fall in love with someone, we can't plan it, we can't deny it
my school posted on insta about snow day memes but they haven’t announced whether or not were off tomorrow and it’s supposed to snow like all morning so
x aye Spanish last year used to be t’d asl but you cool asl and you know you be dressing
Anyone else notice the chain of Natural Disaster movies on tv today?? what the hell bout to happen?
what the alcohol or depressed, can I don't rear end
This ain’t Love it’s clear to see...but darling stay with me
I haven't had fast food in about 4 months.
still drunk from yesterday it won't go away
My family calls me fat and then complains when I don’t eat and then they call me fat when I do eat and it’s an endless cycle of hell
got me feelin like i can’t get enough
can somebody explain to me why wonder woman, gal gadot, and patty jenkins didn’t get nominated????????????????? #Golden Globes
And I have written out peices of my heart on paper and have left them there wherever I go. To this day, I don't know why I do.
I remember people creating that meme calendar for 2017 in January and I can’t believe how fast last year went
You don’t have to tell me you real baby boy show me
My girlfriend sleeping now I don’t have a soul to talk to . I’ll just watch movies on Netflix until she wakes up and call me back .
my roommate has it so cold in here and i can’t get comfortable to sleep
The bun doesn’t really go with it but oh well
Ones you learn to kick it with yourself you don’t care who fwy
I haven’t felt real anger in a while
i have school tomorrow but i;m watching my literal queen tana mongeau on a playlist and i ain't stopping anytime soon
I just feel like I personally wouldn’t want any power that rides on me being calm during a fight. Hamon seems like a good idea until the person has a lot of anxiety. #Anime Live Tweet #Jo Jos Bizarre Adventure # late to the party
This modern world is very strange. What is this 'Mannequin Challenge'? Back in my day we had the 'Try Not To Die of the Plague' Challenge. Didn't catch on.
Love my pup but she’s always under my butt, can’t even stretch out on my own bed without squashing her
i don’t wanna be THAT stan but can rainz be a permanent group, pretty please?
My grandma on the phone talking about business that's not hers. And she wonders why I don't talk to her
My tooth hurts but I don't want to go to the dentist
this was honestly such a good winter break I don’t wanna go back
i said what i said, please cut his hair he can't see his road
I haven't been able to draw my superheroes. I wonder if I could make them out of clay.
I can’t wait to have someone to spoil with my love, I’m coming hard next time.
Today felt like me and Yaneth took a great leap forward into our already amazing relationship, I can't even describe the joy and happiness she gives me it's indescribable
i had such a great weekend and didn’t have a sad thought the entire time!!
Cody made me hold his hand on the drive to nickel cade which is extra weird because Kristen and him don't even hold hands I'm convinced he's starting to get bummed I'm leaving but he also loves to see me uncomfortable hahaha creep ass he's SO WEIRD
The STG is getting a buff?? Sheesh I know I can’t wait
Make the biggest impact you can while you're here. It doesn't have to be something big. A smile is just fine. You never know who's life you might impact by flashing those pearly whites.
Everything doesn’t need a think piece or heavy scrutiny. Get a life
Descole? You don’t mean Mr I-Like-to-Wreck-Things-with-Mechanical-Monsters-and-Dress-Up-as-Posh-Ladies Descole?
Momma don’t like u no more
Ah, don't take that. That's my mochi. All the mochi here is my mochi.
If you don’t have the manners to introduce yourself then you’re not worth it.
if you ain’t really fa me stay away from me.
braid my pubes while you give me head you fucking PUSSY
Your wcw doesn't say thank you when someone holds the door open for her
I didn't realize I was supposed to wear all black today but was wearing it anyway because I'm a depressive New Yorker
Some cuddles would be nice right about now. . But, she can't hope for too much.
I don't know who my grandfather was; I am much more concerned to know what his grandson will be.
Been with the same nigga from I was 16, I’m 20 now , isn’t it about time he put a ring on it ?!
they swear they don’t wanna lose you, yet act like they don’t want to keep you
Why does instagram pick the 2 names u don't wanna see & put them in front of however many likes the person got?
i really don’t wanna do this school thing tomorrow
when someone got curious over my shit life, they ask me and when i answered, they make me feel like its my fault for being like this. can't you be nice?
It's a sad sad world, people just don't be selective.
I ain’t hit a Latina or Asian/Chinese chick I need that damn near cuff the Latina tho
I'm doing cross-stitch and watching hgtv. Am I 18 or 85 I don't know anymore
“maybe my car won’t notice it’s almost out of gas” -me right before my gas light comes on (every time)
There’s a lot of heat out
It’s not real if a shared look doesn’t set the world on fire for a second.
If you can't afford to pay your workers a living wage, you can't afford to run a business.
Got scared out of my sleep, now I can’t go back to sleep & I’m pissed
am i the only person who doesn’t care about the golden globes
Mandela effect really some wild ass shit when you think about it
How Do I Say I Love You When I Can’t Say I Love You?
I haven’t watched Darkest Hour (or heard of it) but I know Gary Oldman deserved the award 100%.
going to sleep I hope I don't wake up ever again
So I have a new, pretty attractive neighbor across the hall. Times like this are when I wish I didn’t feel like I’m suffocating when trying to talk to new people
A lot of people weren't raised on love, they were raised on survival.
Really don’t know why a thought of oomf all the sudden cums to mind after 1436767 yrs have past like Nope we’re still not friends free u thou four eyed hobo
I think The worst parts of having BPD other then the impulsivity and self destruction is saying things you don’t even mean to people so they leave even if you don’t want them to because your afraid they will leave or hurt you regardless
Finals haven’t even started yet and I already failed them smh
when u can’t sleep just drink some beer and do a face mask that’s what I say
I didn’t think this was possible
Caught myself being negative. I don’t f wit that.
Niggas always preaching that they’re gonna settle down and get a girl butttt y’all have hella side pieces that you can’t seem to let go of
Too bad it didn't work out that year. Terrible LA traffic. And I was in the very last group. (kiss of death). Next time train and motel room near Con Ctr!
Hello my little baby squirrels...did you like my bread crumbs and nuts? No, I'm not...my eyes are just sweating...no, my heart isn't broken, please. Yes, I feel better that I'm letting go...no use wanting something you can't have...
Why can't y'all just do you?
Now Playing : McFadden & Whitehead - Ain't No Stopping Us Now. From Scotland To The World. #SCR
I was gonna do a stream yesterday but i was so tired I couldn't sorry guys!
I don't know how people jump from relationship to relationship. I can barely find someone I wanna text longer than 3 days.
I for sure don’t want a repeat of 2017 ever
And of course I can't open the website
THE NATTY IS T O D A Y
My lease is up in April and I’m stressed out just looking at houses for rent. I don’t even know how to do this. I just want a place that is dog friendly.
Bby I'm thugging i can't be yo Girlfriend
Real #304 . This shit don’t stop.
If you don't f**k wit me, then dont. I'll be alright..
I just remembered I bought $30 worth of Girl Scout Cookies from someone’s daughter at work... can’t decide if that’s a good thing or a bad thing..
I prefer the shows that I liked to the ones that I didn’t.
Even though there’s times when I crave meat, I don’t regret giving it up.
all my luck be with out of town niggas . i don’t understand!
I can't wait until my bestie find the man of her dreams. Someone that loves her unconditionally, that's she actually likes back, and treats her like the princess she is.
I still can’t even look at my grades i know i better have a 3.0
I think my greatest college accomplishment thus far is having people know my name but I don’t know theirs lollll
# writing my resume today. I'm going to need a day job when I get back to #New York. Can't keep putting this off.
This generation so stuck on that pride shit, mfs ain't never gon grow out of that shit I swear
Nico-chan is always like a little kid... doesn't mean that I think that she's cute, though
note to self: my boyfriend doesn’t double date well. he forgets i’m here entirely but wants to third wheel hella w the other couple.
Did Georgia really close schools for tomorrow?! Lol! I can’t with y’all!
Pour your soul out and they ain’t even read it feelsbadman
I don’t even want this 8plus anymore I want the X now
All relationships/friendships are is being there for that person. If you can’t do that then stay out of my life
I hope you guy didn’t leave Alexa up during Oprah speech at GG. If you did I guarantee she won’t even recognise your voice tomorrow.
Y’all wouldn’t even think I was cute if y’all saw my facial expressions
I don’t want to be here anymore
It will get to 2°F/-18°C in Korea this week? Lol nah, you can't pay me to go thru that No way in hell
The announcer pronounced it Misel then Maisel. I hope he doesn’t get fired.
Seen Ava once n she had the glow . It was also like fifty (y)(t)s tryna crowd around her so I ain’t speak
Thinking of recording videos of me reading short creepypasta stories and uploading them to (hopefully) help me get better at talking outloud so I don't stutter as much... # thanks social anxiety # s t utter problems # would anyone watch them
I don’t even care no more.
tell me what it is and what it isn’t
don't play both sides. you shouldn't feel comfortable doin that
Why do y’all hate on Cassie but whisper jhene gets praise don’t get me wrong we like jhene but damn y’all act like they voices are far from each other
actually I can't bring my dog to college with me so I'm not going
i just wanna gts. but then again i don’t. but i do.. idk
54 degrees in NY on Friday? Watch how many people in shorts like it won’t be 30 the very next day
" I can’t tell you Ima believe what you tellin me if you do everything but giving me reasons toIt just don’t add up "
The situation was angus & chris is weird like eye don’t have time to even try to figure it out
I didn’t want this to happen . I love you and always will.
Wig for Madoka is ordered woop woop. Also I can't believe I'm making this other thing I'm making
There isn't a single thing to take a picture of
Some ad described some show as a “roller coaster of hilarity” which simply couldn’t be stupider.
Man what a way to lose. Game shouldn’t have come down to that as USC chokes a double digit lead away. NCAA hopes are in legitimate trouble now
He moved her punishment," she didn't say you will now get to wonder what she pleaded, just a pink one.
I’m hysterically laughing because I’ve never made up so much bs in my life and I don’t even care rip AP lit rip GPA #2018
don’t endanger me if you don’t wanna catch theses hands!
I feel like such a homewrecker... Why do all the couples break up when they meet me? I don't want either one of y'all
He Literally Needs To Hurry Up And Get Here
This weekend w my baby was the best i didn't wanna leave):
I have a question for you and please don't google the answer..... Think if you don't know it and shut-up if you do. Why did they pick a Bull and a Bear for the symbols for the #Stock Market?
Ever have those times when you need to pee but don’t want to get out of bed? No?just me?okay.
my mom doesn't even text me back. i don't expect anybody to.
Endless Love (2014) in the theme of reputation:
Damn, Kellen Moore is retiring. No, this isn't a big deal at all, but he was the one and only left-handed QB in the NFL.
& if u ain’t the only one around..
I ain’t never had to front for nobody or for nothing I don’t have.
#Worst Kept Secret In4 Words start with these 4 words "please don't tell anyone"
I have school tomorrow and I fuckn broke out so much t o d a y
I ain't watch a martial arts movie in a minute
Don’t come at me with that “you get too fucked up when you drink” bullshit. Black out or back out. Fuck yall.
“It hurts to grow, anybody who tells you it doesn’t is lying” -grey
if u can’t tell I’ve been drunk watching Pokémon: Indigo League on Netflix for the last 2 days
i keep bullshitting on getting my nose piercing, im just scared i won't like it but i've been wanting one since i was like 10
I ate lunch at work in the store which I've never done so yay????? I only did it because my friend wanted to eat with me for once (I didn't want to eat at all tho)
If you won’t let us play “Lost in this Moment” by Big & Rich at our wedding, then it was never meant to be.
Guys are always under the impression that they are providing something materialistic that keeps us around. Well first of all you're fucking personality is great and second I haven't asked for anything.
i don’t even have a first period yet why do i need to be there at 7:20
I honestly can’t wait to be back home again
If i keep telling you how i feel and you keep telling me I don’t, then I’ll just stop and keep shit to myself. Don’t ask me to explain it if you gonna say I’m lying
A face doesn't want to be alone anymore.
Don't let me leave, just tell me "stay" & tell me everything you wanna say.
We got carded TWICE tonight lmao!
Don’t dick ride later keep minding your business
Just realized I hadn't saved my drawing in like 5 FUCKING HOURS
I'm missing I know that I know that can't get it wright into words anyhow I'm missing I know that I know that somewhere Missing / 彼女 in the display ［GOLD EXPERIENCE］
They claim that they with me but I know they ain’t right
For example, I went with my sister to the mall yesterday, and I was looking for new shoes to buy. I don’t need new shoes!
When young boy says no bc i ain’t trying to die # children are wise # too young too soon #The Chi
I know he low key is enjoying this he just doesn’t want to admit it.
You ever see girls without makeup and their skin is just... glowy? Not like oily but they just have this really nice, well-moisturized skin all the time... I wanna marry one of those
If you leave me while I’m down, I can’t fwy while I’m up period.
So if he doesn’t post a victory pic of his Fortnite game on Snapchat, does that mean he is bad at Fortnite and I shouldn’t date him??
My glasses broke last year, I still have yet to get new ones... I don't know who the person in the mirror is...
Get free sounds smack like Creep and I ain’t peep because I’ve only listened to lust for life front to back twice
I’m editing a trailer for The Brain That Wouldn’t Die (1962) for my film class and I just found out that there’s a canon lesbian in it. I almost started crying, it made me so fucking happy.
If my class is upstairs I’m screwed I don’t have an elevator key lmao
Now when i said i wanted a lowkey nigga i didn’t mean lowkey to where i CANT FIND YOU
alright i'm watching Mulholland Drive for real this time, gettin' ready for some crazy shit, i know David Lynch won't let me down
/He sighed./ I don't know I should call out the person I think it is...
Wow. I didn’t hear anything about Recy Taylor passing just a week and a half ago. Nothing. Wild.
Please don’t come around trying get information out of me! Even if I know I don’t know!!
Breath and let it be. If you can’t do that cry and strive. Regardless reach your goal.
i haven’t genuinely liked/been interested in someone in a long ass time lol
I haven't been this pissed off in a while and SURPRISE it's because of Witt again
People didn't like the #Star Wars prequels because they killed Darth Maul too soon
"The most trouble something in people that can't be calculated is a woman heart" -Kogoro Mouri-
I don't know how to talk about the rabbit hole without accidentally inviting you to follow me down it when recovery is not all yoga mats and tea and avocados It is Work -Blythe baird
don’t want to pretend with you
I don't understand this knuckles meme
just adding #GAYBAES for more exposure don’t mind me and the gf hunt lmaooo
Dating me isn't easy what do ever
I already planned on bringing this shit back to h&m yesterday
what's the sense of using messenger? when i don't have anyone to talk to
Ash basically told me that she’s going into hibernation after work because we didn’t get much sleep lastnight
“Isn’t the ocean bigger than space?”
Can’t believe I cried like a lil bitch today
I DON’T WANNA GO BACK TO SCHOOL. I QUIT.
I wanna go warm up this tripe but I don’t feel like getting up
Nothing triggers me more than when people consistently type but don’t respond
I thought I could build it again but I can't
To all the people who are pissed about Get out not winning - It's not a comedy and it wouldn't win. To the people who nominated it as such - find another way to nominate movies with non-white characters.
I wonder how many people haven't noticed my name change.
I choose to sit alone in my room all day and avoid the people that love me most. Someday those people won't be there when I finally come out. # Bo t
I’m so worried my baby won’t remember me when I see her.
I have yet to understand how I can talk into a phone and by some miracle the other person can hear my voice exactly how it sounds, yet we don’t have a cure for cancer. #We N E E Da Damn Cure
lady, i don’t want your pity
Its 2018 and we still don't have a series in common....
If my child doesn't go to sleep and STAY asleep soon im going to lose my mind
Ok so I have stuff due in my Medical Terminology Class Tuesday and I don’t even have my book yet
The announcer said the non-expression “star-FILLED” with a weird emphasis. Doesn’t bode well for the show.
Don't be afraid of your fears. They're not there to scare you. They're there to let you know that something is worth it. ― C. JoyBell C.
I don’t understand Oprah 2020 people. Why would you want someone not qualified to run against Trump? Aren’t we supposed to be better?
Like life is about to become so much more bliss can’t wait to exhibit it all.
i can’t wait any longer for summer
The thunder children upstairs are still awake. One is screaming.
Why you ain’t show me none of the love you say you have for me? I was going through tragedy, bitch I needed you drastically!
Don't just screw up..peeps out hear wilding with no chill
Now I gotta put up all the videos of him on snap I got ..... add me: jaygang08
# life hack : when feeling a little # peck is h , eat some food! I recommend carrots and hummus with sriracha. For a little extra spice, just toss in some chili sesame oil! And don’t forget the wine, especially when tomorrow’s a Monday
I'm still holding onto the idea of Geena Davis playing Contessa Valentina Allegra de la Fontaine opposite Samuel L Jacksons Nick Fury
Tivo caught the end of a skit relying on Al Roker’s comedy chops. Doesn’t bode well for the show.
i specifically moved out of the east village so i wouldn’t have to hear garbage boys try to cover nirvana at 1am. can u not
If bae doesn't get jealous then bae isn't bae.
Yeah we're here now but it wasn't easy... believe me
Kyoka would be the musically talented one like Riko/Maki who initially doesn't want to join because she's "not into idol music."
"At the Golden Globes, Hollywood Does What Washington Won’t" bonkers
Life can’t get no better right na
Who wanna buy me this 4for4 and bring I.T to me
WHY WASN'T GRETA NOMINATED FOR BEST DIRECTOR?????
I just don't feel at all sorry for Debbie. What she did was stupid and irresponsible. # shame less
I swear to God, I don’t understand how white acceptance got to be a part of everyone’s life before we studied and talked about why and how we got to that point. I really don’t get it.
I can’t wait to get back to Music with Main engineer we got some many finished songs on his Mac it’s crazy
When you finally wake up and conclude that God doesn't give a FUCK about you or your life
Just a reminder that all cosplay is best cosplay, and don't let anybody tell you otherwise.
#Golden Globes2018. Some of the women wearing black would have been more effective if the hadn't been showing so much cleavage.
accept that you won't be at your best for a while
I wonder if there's anyone on Tinder that doesn't value astrology
Being a Star Trek fan is knowing what's going on without understanding what's going because it probably doesn't make sense but you don't care if it makes sense and you would defend to your last breath how much sense it makes. #S T T N G Movie Marathon
my best friend asked me if I prefered Lil Pump or Cardi B and I'm so pissed sorry you don't know what's up but I'm taking your ass to a callmekarizma concert and you're gonna learn what REAL music is
deep breath and count to three the likes of you can't anger me
But yet I still don’t care
I don’t know what in the time, people think that you're busy.
I fr want to cut my hair lol
DM me ASAP - I'm bored and can't sleep
Some men like to be told what to do. This may also involve whips, hand cuffs, or chains. I don't know what is a turn on about this?
“you can’t wait to start studying until the night before and expect to pass this exam” first of all, I can do all things through Christ
i don't hate cyclops as much as i used to, but recent cyclops is still terrible lol
Don’t take shit serious that i post on here!
If she won't fuck I won't make her I don't like bitches with makeup If she want titties I pay for 'em
It’s approximately 12:22 AM eastern time. I rolled over and smelled my girlfriends scent on my pillow and now I’m in my fuckin feelings because she isn’t here. I’ll be back later with updates.
I want to sleep but I also don't want to sleep
Can't not cry watching Quinceanera Story on HBO
How you looking up to me and talking down? Can't you see I am the big man? (Big man) God level I am the I am whoa
Still awake at 6:20am, today is going to suck.
Mfs Don’t Fwu Fr They Just Be With You For The Moment
used to look up at the stars and be like “ain’t too much thats different, i be shinin’ they be shinin’ “
i was made for loving you even though we may be hopeless hearts just passing through every bone screaming i don't know what we should do really like this song
High school parties aren’t even fun anymore
don’t you have somewhere to be at seven thirty?
If you Study Anthony T. Browders book NILE VALLEY CONTRIBUTIONS TO CIVILIZATION, you will have to agree that America was built and made off of the Blueprints of Ancient Egypt. We are that people who were/have been in bondage for 400+ years
Why are people being so rude to youtubers now? I mean what happened to just giving love and support not hatred. Haven’t you ever heard of the term “if you’ve got nothing nice to say don’t say anything at all”? # please be kind # don t be rude
I don’t wanna go to work tomorrow...just the gym
Like.... Look at that picture. It's one thing to have taken it but you can't tell me he didn't notice the background.
IF YOU DON'T KNOW THE BACK STORY ON ONE & DONES STOP TALKING! IF COLLEGE HOOPS IS ALL YOU CAN REFERENCE TO EVAL TALENT YOU DON'T WATCH BASKETBALL YOU WATCH THE TOURNAMENT...
If you aren't gonna make an effort to see me or talk to me then you don't deserve me in your life
you don’t remember the good times if you don’t remember when “rockin that thang” used to get the boys&girls club parties lit
My friendships have suffered, my family as well. I ended up homeless because I can't let people just crawl into a fucking hole.
* LG loves czech girls. <vincent> LG: do they have additional interesting "features" other girls don't have? ;) -- # De bi an
wtf if you read this i literally feel like you don't give a shit and it's making me wanna rip out my heart
Kinda don't wanna go back to school on Wednesday
This is a nightmare and i feel like i can’t wake up
my lil niyah makes my heart smile i love her so much my lil angel bean baby i can’t wait to meet her :’)
i hate how this keeps happening to me :( I don’t want this to keep going I just want to go to sleep and wake up and everything be fine
“guess it won’t ever be the same” .. you’re letting go, not me.
Well, I didn't finish dating all the dad's and totally failed Mat and Roberts last dates but we shall return to the game again after my vacation! Thanks for stopping by and hanging out tonight
Lol forgot to say happy birthday anyway here's one of my favs and it's her 19th today
gotten like 6 hours sleep in the last two days but still not even the slightest bit tired. doesn’t make sense
I grew up Real! Did Real things! Went through Real drama! Know and roll with Real ppl! Kept it Real! Keep it Real! So I don't know wzup with these fake ppl out here?! I only deal with REAL! #14 Real
You’re so iconic to be honest. I hope you had a great birthday queen. Anyways we don’t interact very much but when we do you’re always so nice to me <3. Ily
My first online friend was named Kelly and she lives in Australia and I just got to catch up with her. I can’t believe it’s been 5 years
“you’re fake” “you’re ugly” “you’re annoying” try again. you can’t tear down my self confidence with petty words that do nothing to me in the long run.
i want. ren and jun to make pancakes together. but i don't know how to make that happen.
I don’t have a lot of “real friends” but there are just a few people who always bring the right energy when I’m around them
hate it when people send me snaps commanding me to like their recent on ig like stfu you local has it yet not occurred to you that i haven't been on that app for about a good year now leave me alone
relating to people isn’t overrated trust me
Whenever I sleep at Joe’s house I always feel weird being able to roll over freely without crushing a sleeping cat. I don’t like it hahah
"Abi, cal—m down. No one's gonna h—urt you." your voice isn't exactly soothing
What's your favorite national sandwich chain that hasn't been crippled by a terrible scandal of some kind yet?
If I wasn’t pregnant I would’ve been cleaned my whole house the way I want to , my everything be hurting bending down & shit
It's jus too cold man I can't
You Bitches Don't Be Bumming Right Stay Away From Me
If you post your most toxic and sick thoughts on twitter often, don't expect me to continue following you. I love myself enough to not subject myself to that kind of attention-seeking, trauma-inducing content anymore. No offense. Make twitter yours. Night night boo
My neck, shoulders, and back have been killing me and there doesn't really seem to be anything that helps me feel better and I just started my job so I don't want anything to stop me from doing it...
Another b e a u t i f u l day
Can't wait to see my baby later!
Will being successful make me happy if I’m not happy now...... maybe I don’t want to go to an Ivy League school and work at some world renowned company. I honestly feel jealous of people working simple jobs at coffee shops and stores.
i have a whole project due tmw and i’m not even doing. i don’t care anymore.
| wassup bro, lol i don’t know how you do It, but you stay involved and ahead of ya grades.. i need ya secret bro! But i plan on doing more with men’s fed this semester !
My phrase I said to myself on day Donald Trump was elected. DON T LET IT HAPPEN AGAIN. DON T LET HIM REIGN ANY LONGER .
Everyone's pissed about Get Out losing to Lady Bird but I'm sorry Get Out really didn't have a chance in winning stop making it about race once again #Golden Globes
I love how people are trying to tear oprah’s image down with pics of her NEXT to Weinstein but won’t acknowledge the actual president being accused of rape by multiple women and the indisputable tape evidence of him bragging about sexual assault
I don't post about anyone but trust me, I get played.
Can’t even be on a FaceTime date without being interrupted by my damn Babydaddy
I can’t seem to understand if it’s cause I’m still in love with you or is it that I’m scared to see you happy with someone else...
// If you DM me and don’t bother responding, don’t bother to DM me at all. Simple reminder.
I wish laura would stop trying so hard to get people to like her, i can tell she acts a lot different w her friends
IHOP Trash If You Say Its Not You Probably Can't Cook
I just spent the entire day trying to convince my boyfriend to not make me go to my dentist appointment because they’ll be needles, and it is unneeded, but he won’t budge
sometimes you just have to cry until you can't anymore, paint your nails, look at yourself in the mirror and tell yourself that you're cute, and decide that you will be okay.
Don’t ask me about nobody you don’t see me with..
i remember that when i was a kid i thought that if u didn't showered in like a week mushrooms would grow on your head
day 4: was nearly mugged by a man dressed as a clown at 4 am. i am not at all kidding. he was wearing makeup. day 5: spent a few hours in a peruvian hospital and it *plot twist* wasn't bc of me. i'm coming into 2018 no inujuries.
when u wanna beat they ass but u can’t cause u love them
don’t get me wrong, I mean, I love the fandom and I love the twins, I’ll be active anyway bc of school, with or without drama, but I’m just saying that this “break” from twitter is necessary now
whenever people in shows or movies are driving and aren't looking at the road i can't help but jump and yell to look at the road - AM I THE ONLY ONE????
Sometimes the right person has been there all along and you just didn't see it because the wrong person was blocking your sight.
She thought it over, she ain't want me, now she gotta bounce back
Lol I can’t remember my current Facebook Password but now I can remember my old one so ima just use that one
Molwen Twitter folk. The festive season definitely limited my tweeting. And I actually missed some of y’all. Anyway have the loveliest of Mondays. Don’t forget to dress & smell nice.
It irritates me that I know you have your phone in your hands most of the time but i can’t even get a txt back
Learn to love yourself before anything. You cannot give someone something you don't already have.
You know that feeling when you finish masturbating and you can't do anything but just lay there contently for a minute because it just felt that good? That's a cool feeling.
There are a lot of awful people in this world. Don’t let them ride your coat tails to get ahead.
I can’t see how people is have siblings
Yo Twitter is lowkey my diary. I hope people really don’t read the shit I post
Wanting to have a conversation with someone you have to restrain from is painful.
Hope you don’t think you no bully frfr
my gfs cat literally climbs all over us in bed like we’re a play area. she wants nothing to do with us in the day but oh boy at night she couldn’t be happier
sooo if we don’t get exemptions this semester I’m tryna skip tomorrow
When your cousin snaps himself listening to “Fucking You Tonight” And you tell him how obsessed you were with that song at 15 yo and how you listened to it on your discman so your parents didn’t hear the lyrics. # w o w i mold # life after death
i wish my friendship with people didn’t end over something i easily could of gotten over because i miss them hoes.
I really don't understand how people stay bitter and act like they don't give a fuck when obviously they do.
When you repeatedly render the same video for three hours because your OCD doesn't want tiny visual annoyances in the video.
I've spent some one-on-one time with aliens before. Didn't work out too well. So cases like this are personal to me.
Will gets so mad when i beat him at imessage games lmao, he’ll quickly send me another one to make it look like i didn’t just beat him
Ive been saying that I’ll go home for the last three hours and I don’t want to because my room just makes me sad and it’s lonely my phone is dying and I haven’t gotten up
Show me that you care, that’s all i’m asking. I shouldn’t have to beg
I couldn’t wait to lay tf down earlier...now I can’t sleep :/
Farmers, to do away with EPA regs like making sure to remove restrictions about keeping ground water free of harmful pollutants. How does that help? It doesn't. It would allow Farmers to use stronger more harmful chemicals in their crops but it would also mean contaminated water
To late to turn back don't fuckin Preach TOOO MEaaaaaaeeeaà
Haven't had McDonald's is a minuteee I'm boutta go get some fries and ice cream
We don't support kmusicandblackwomen here . But WE also don't support Blatant racism either
I kinda want someone to come with me on Friday to get my tattoo done but I don’t have any friends
wow i can’t wait to live in a place where being a feminist isn’t dawned as a bad thing
Ripped a piece of my lip off. Eating a gummy shark. This is why we don’t do cheat days. Lesson learned.
Don't worry, we offer 99.9 Days Money Back Guarantee if you cannot succeed with the EA and make profits! #Forex Business
How do y'all manage to have 2 different Twitter accounts I can't even figure out in what language I should send snaps to my friends
don’t reassure me things will be different when they’re actually going to be exactly the same. I’ll be offline tonight. be safe angels, you are loved and your feelings are valid.
“I'm drowning in so much love... From the bottom of my heart, I just don't care about anyone or anything.”
Y’all have another week of break? Can’t relate
Tonio ain’t tryna stay up me
“Harder building trust from a distance. I think we should rule out commitment for now cause we're falling apart. Leaving, You're just doing that to get even. Don't pick up the pieces, just leave it for now They keep falling apart.”
time never goes back and today will never be repeated; that's why I don't ever rebuild burned bridges.
Can't stand ppl that kill my vibe.
having ADHD annoying as hell I don't even know what I be thinking bout most of the time
I hate texting a mf and they don’t respond man .. like that shit hit a nerveee I be ready to blow some shit tf up
I didn’t ever think I’d speak like that, but damn that shit bugs me so god damn much.
don't want no negativity in the air..
And most importantly... they aren't cute. # g b o t
.* im so relaxed right now I feel to good
Everyone wants to be non-racist and non-sexist but as soon as you politely point something out it's all OH GOD ARE YOU CALLING ME RACIST I AIN'T SEXIST GIRL, WHATCHU IMPLYING -- bitch this ain't about you, sit your ass down.
Like many others have said many other times, we don't need a president Oprah. Trump set a REALLY bad precedent if this is how folks left of center are gonna react to liberal celebrities who manage to speak eloquently and not be 100% terrible.
Don’t tell me something you’re going to do and end up not doing it. lmao.
People usually never reflect or fully analyze what they have until it’s too late. When something good leaves your life you won’t appreciate it until you think you can replace it but in all actuality you can’t.....because what you had at first was priceless.
I want some louboutins. I just haven’t found a pair I like really love yet.
Things I currently need Security Love Attention A hug Assurance Food Sleep And for someone to tell me everything is going to be okay... I know I sound like a big baby but I don’t care..
minseok with long hair is Güd but minseok with short hair is one powerful bitch too wow
I never cared about who fwm and who didn’t..
Don’t switch on me, i got big plans.
I went to a buffet the other day and barely smashed two full plates.. I don't know who I am anymore
I ain’t speaking twice on shit about how I feel Mfs heard me the first time fuck
wouldn't it be nice if we were older, then we wouldn't have to wait so long
I don't like the voice changers on Snapchat. I want to look ridiculous and have people understand me.
Back on night shift ion know how to act staying up late on Sunday night cuz I don’t have to wake up for 630am no more
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone - Ronald Reagan # equality
“You shouldn’t lie, you’ll lose track of what you said.” Honey it’s already out of my head, if I didn’t care enough to tell you the truth, I don’t care enough to remember the lie i told you
& I know that I'm selfish. But I swear I can't help it.
I can’t even sleep without sleeping pills
haven’t talked to you fr in a while. Like fr, it been a minute.
Y’all do the upmost just to impress ppl who secretly don’t like you... aren’t you tiiiiiireddd *SZA voice*
;-; I lost 2 placements because my team doesn't know how to defend a point ):
I haven't slept by myself since before Christmas :( this is weird lol
The best things about me can't be bought or sold, and few people ever see because they're revealed through time and experience
« I don’t know why people keep asking me what I’ll do in two years ... I don’t have 20/20 vision »
Don’t you just hate, when you forget to put on deodorant but you’ve already put your clothes on so now you have to take everything off and put deodorant on?... I can’t be the only one... can I? Alright.
'Mike Smiff - Chase This Money' is a Hood Nigga Anthem. Especially the fast version .
I’m so sad that my work isn’t open 24 hours I need scrumptious Italian food always
Praying we don’t have school tomorrow
College is cool but don't think you better than somebody else based on that. I know ppl with trades eatting good..
I’m so glad I don’t have one of those super big stanky lookin booties
Ya know I stopped counting the awards all the whites won. Wearing black didn’t move me at all.
Who hasn't signed up for DOSH yet and wants free money? Seriously guys..100% FREE money Comment below and I'll send u the steps
I wish it wasn’t considered rude to tell someone you can’t stand to shut the fuck up
I can't see the bottom of my work table. What's all these papers?
Dear god Please make my hair grow I’ll give u my soul Love erika Ps to my followers don’t ever cut ur hair, long hair rules
i don’t think y’all understand just how much i love this music shit.
Damn I ain’t even know it was snowing
You haven’t even done the reading and you’re offering commentary. Shut up lol.
Can’t always just sit around waiting for something to change in society. Sometimes you have to BE that change. Take that role and others will follow
Don’t invite me to no events this month, I’m currently over booked and over broke
All jokes aside I can’t thank God enough for putting the man of my whole world in my life at such a young age to grow with from here on out
#1829 07-Jan 18 23:21 Like, i don't want to talk to you. It's pretty apparent to everyone else. So like please...
So, I know that I'm like a decade late, but I just bought Minecraft for Switch. I didn't sink four and a half hours in it tonight it anything...
“The noblest art is that of making others happy” P.T. Barnum
Don’t think of cost. Think of value. #Kise Bot
i found meat in cals fridge and i ate it and i really hope it hasn’t been in the for a long time
We know you in the come up! But please don't put out poorly recorded songs!
I don't wanna fuck with u stupid humans, all u people fucking trash and putrid
"I have options" - a chick who just wasted 6 months of her time dealing with a niggah that ain't even dating her
why did 4 doesn't hit home
Everything in my life has prepared me to be my strongest when I am alone. I didn’t always see it like this growing up but I am grateful for it now.
I don’t give af how cold it is i always catch myself chewing ice lol
As painful as this thing has been I just can't be with no one else
Niggas really do not be doing anything w their damn time just sit up in the damn house smoking. Not in school don’t have no type of job. Just sit and smoke wtf be wrong w y’all I’m so annoyed
Why can’t we all just be friends?!?
i’ve always been super family oriented & im starting to really wish i wasn’t. it would make decisions a lot easier & less emotional.
Having three days in home and I just spent it on thinking about nonsense and didn't study at least what the fuck
be honest with yourself...if you aren't into developing platforms and being software engineer then you're in crypto for money, either to make a profit or use it as payment...have to treat it like a business not a religion.
I can’t sleep my mind is electric
but tbh i don't know how someone doesn't know how to say it, it's so easy. but maybe that's cause i'm his mom
Don't be intimidated! "Nobody is as powerful as we make them out to be." Alice Walker #Nimble Quotes
Meredith Grey :- I can live without you , but I don't want to . I don't ever want to. (Just because we can live without something, doesn't mean we have to.) #Gerys Anatomy #Mer Der
My profile hasn’t looked this good in a long time I’m proud
i don’t even want to acknowledge the thing to the right of it
Everything I do y’all mfs Wanna Do nowit’s itee tho I ain’t worried one bit
You can aim high but don’t put too much high hope #Kita O K
We don't indulge in horse-trading of MLAs. We just make an offer they can't refuse....err...Ideological …
My fucking dog could have gotten those Luongo Van teams and the Lundqvist NYR teams to the finals. AV isn’t a hockey god, he’s a mediocre coach that has been put in positions to succeed in his career.
How can you be in a relationship with someone who doesn’t let you communicate with your friends????
Lana Del Rey Babylon ting I won't budge on this.
Netflix finally works on my laptop again after two weeks and it only took three hours of troubleshooting and updating but I don't care I have Netflix back and that makes my shit night a little better
My nose feels like it constantly needs to sneeze & it’s so irritating when I can’t
Dems: I can't believe a celebrity ran and won the presidency Also Dems: Oprah for president!!! # hypocrites # no thanks # c ants t and o p r ah # she is a celebrity
"Please don't ever forget... That I love... I love the hope sleeping within you from the bottom of my heart" # Bo t
Love doesn't hurt, loving the wrong person is what kills you.
If you don’t think that Killer Clowns From Outer Space is one of the best movies ever created, you can show yourself the door
I entirely forgot about Three Billboards and today reminded me of the existence of that movie and I can't believe it even has the audacity to exist.
I didn't realize how much I missed my old job. Its great being back, I don't even mind that I worked over 30 hours in 3 days
I’m such a workaholic so I’m depressed that I didn’t get scheduled a single day for the next two weeks
I don’t fuck with that mean sense of humor that shit HURTS my feelings
Well things turn faster than I could blink go threw that bullshit today and now I get told I’m going to be a dad like really hit me with something else why don’t you
I don't know I'm going to get up for a 9am class, 3 times a week, for the next 15 weeks. It's not gonna work
I don't get professors who take attendance in the add/drop week, like could you please make us enjoy the first week at least???
If I don’t walk out of this training with a nice body I’m out
sex ruined my life so i have decided to be abstinent forever and move to the mountains and raise exotic animals that shouldn't be domesticated
y’all a*mys out here claiming that AU is only your thing,,, girlies,,, that’s been around since the good old tumblr days,,,, you don’t own shit
Haha I can’t believe I blacked out in the middle of day and lost like three hours. That’s funny.
Don’t steal my sauce boy ...
And it don’t even be the ones you expect
Don’t try to be with me when it’s convenient for you! FOH
- I ain’t talk to you in a min
being called a monkey by white people doesn't offend me cause i know that black people are the only ones ON THIS PLANET that don't have monkey DNA in them lol shit just makes me chuckle now.
Hollywood is always surprised that there is life outside of Hollywood and people who don't value the same things.
Today was ... don’t even know how to explain it
i seriously can’t stand when ppl retweet stuff without actually reading the article & or having prior knowledge to the matter at hand. like that really blows me bc you have ONE job. like i don’t mean to be THAT person but don’t be dumb.
crazy how someone that's isn't family can easily become closer than family
"Love in Competition" x Sevyn Streeter
i went back to the coffee shop where i studied every day in high school and the barista who knows me well was incredibly concerned for my wellbeing because i hadn’t been there in 4 months, i love community
Ain’t nobody gonna get that money for you, you gotta go and get it on ya own
One Man Hanged Himself Because He Couldn’t Sleep – Snow in Colorado - I will just ask for.
I’m bored af don’t be shit to do
i've always wanted* i can't gRAMMAR
I don’t wanna be annoying but every little thing freaks me out and makes me want to go to labor and delivery
i live in a constant state of anxiety because my tires need changing but i don’t have any money to buy new ones, so every time i go to drive i knock on wood before i leave my house that my tires don’t pop
Pokémon: Meowth Meowth can use Pay Day to throw coins at enemy fighters. They don't do much damage, but the attack has a wide range.
I really can't like you got some balls hitting me up, get your life boo you got baby momma at home with your daughter
so i felt trapped and she felt i wasn't prepared for it and i just didnt want to let her down other than anything but i guess we're learning
Can’t wait to start my new job in a week.
Those in JPM18, please post some useful stuff, don't post tweets that make you look like this is your first conference.
When someone sends you the notes and you still don't do them
when the flood water comes it ain’t gonna be clear it’s gonna look like mud
Took a semester off from school now I don’t wanna go back
Why do I even try. I can't do anything right.
Back in like, I haven't mentioned this here before, but a lot of you so, so much.
I'm kinda thinking of just unfollowing a shit load of people that I don't have a shot of RPing with.
yo fuck people who don’t believe in mental illnesses. y’all lame as fuck. people are dying because of them
fanfics; they cool don't mind them at all just hate that corny shit but other than that i mean hey
Don’t make promises you can’t keep .
i really don’t know what to do for kenon birthday & it’s blowing tf outta me
I can’t sleep. And I have school tmrw. FUCK
5:20am and i'm still rolling in bed and i haven't slept anything, have to get up in 40 minutes and also have a test today... lol
"I'm a drummer, not a calligrapher." #Ian Bot
"All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt." � Charles Schulz
i love this girl but she don’t want it
i can’t wait to marry him
Who the hell is mintyymango? I’m blocked and I don’t even know who she is. Sorry if I insulted you in any way.
I swear yo the stun grenade is the greatest weapon in this game lol couldn't have one without it #PUBG
“You're impossible to resist, but I wouldn't bet your heart on it. It's like I'm finally awake, and you're just a beautiful mistake.” ― One Direction
Those gloves are cute! That color combo Another thing added to: you like it but you can't buy it or just can't afford you-list
I'm so tired I don't even know if im going to make it home lol
You ever watch a movie that’s so good it’s disappointing because there isn’t another one like it
We was close asl but you still cool love ain't change
Starting from nothing and we ain't looking back till we make it to something
I know this girl ain’t into me
Publishing tips: Polite campus security are always potentially edible and thus aren't project critical # A c a d e m i c # University
Females argue that's why I don't argue wit you bitch made boys
Girl, I can’t help but waaaAaAaAAittttt *Trey Songz voice*
The #Golden Globes chose to ignore Call Me By Your Name and I feel that's because of Moonlight. This world simply won't have two queer movies succeeding in two consecutive years
People always leave. Don't get too attached.
No way I don't bust my ass going to class tomorrow
I don’t smoke cigarettes. But every time i look for my lighter my godmother asking. “You looking for the cigarette lighter “?
Them harassing i thought y'all wild im a power bottom i can't unsee it there should be an ugly mcreyes putting someone can
Don't Worry About Failure, Worry About The Change. You Miss When You Don't Even Try. #Monday Motivation # good morning
i had a sudden moment so i can't sleep i'm gonna be on my locked tho
I'm pretty sure he doesn't actually exist
I don’t trust people who fit in.
They’ll always notice your attitude towards them but won’t notice their behavior that made you change.
iight fuck around and get left behind if you want to! I ain’t saving NO ONE
Can't wait till the new season of Power come back on
I miss him but he doesn’t give a damn about me.
I hope devilman doesn't get a bad fandom ever
Don’t even wanna think about this summer
I don’t think I’m made for anybody. I’m always pushing them away
Girls that don’t like me always wanna holler out I’m broke but my pay rate 16.05 but I’m humble with my shit
I don’t trust anyone enough to see if I want to spend the rest of my life with them tbh.
It don’t matter how many makeup products I currently have I will continue to hoard and purchase every product on the market just to say I tried it
Don’t throw shit in my face!!!
I really don’t want to be bothered I got so much to do tomorrow too . I just miss my baby Bruh .
He be with them boys they ain’t no gorillas
#Now Playing Cut It (Instrumental) by O.T. Genasis ft Young Dolph
Who wouldn't like harry potter amirite
Why am I still up acting like I don’t have to get up at 5 am
i really don’t know what to do with myself rn
can't wait for this nyquil to do work
91.3FM The Edge is playing "Don't Stop" by Fleetwood Mac.
I don’t know you you know me bitch.
Me to Miles- Wanna go to target? Miles-I don't have my running shoes Me- what did you hear? Miles-wanna work out? How people
Why can't I rent a dog to play w for a few hours? I'm too young for years of commitment and responsibility but I need some dog interaction
All of thi s s elf driving car revenue i s s till a few year s away for the mo s t part. Everyone expecting $Nvda s tock to pop tomorrow, don’t be s urpri s ed if it doe s n’t. May take EPS # s to reach all time high s
If ya love me won’t cha say something..
amazing night. i'm just so proud of hollywood and i really can't believe i have the best idols to look up to.
When you meet a pretty girl with pretty friends who ask about your friends but you don't have none >>>>>>
Can't wait to get home to this gumbo
Can’t let anyone waist my time ‘
You li niggas ain’t smokin me man
I've been so hurt for so long that it doesn't hurt anymore. # s t o i c
The clock is ticking down until spring break so don’t be shy to finally ask me
I don’t want anybody I’ve never been happier knowing I’m alone in my own world.
if #Natalie Portman is upset that males just happen to direct better movies than females, she should direct some movies herself. Then again, her only talent is reading lines and saying them back, so I don't expect much.
i'm about to take my polaroid wall down and it's getting so real so fast i literally can't believe i'm leaving in 4 days
Me giving advice: “we’ll don’t hook up with him again that would be bad... ya know what fuck it do it”
You must of done this before can’t be out first time
worst thing is that i don't have
It hurts when you realize you aren't as important to someone as you thought you were.
I don’t get me. I’m acting so rude to the one person I’ve been waiting to talk too, what’s wrong with me??
Don't sweat the small stuff. # quote s # quote
3 hr delay for school tomorrow and not even a drop of rain, much less freezing rain, in my neck of the woods. Alabama don't play when it comes to weather.
Golden chick didn't cook the chicken right and got me sick.
I just find out what the kid that said "bacon is good for me" is up to nowadays and I haven't felt this accomplished in weeks
I don't want A.C.E to read those pathetic grandmother story. I hope they will not read it
i just stay silent when i’m mad cuz they don’t be listening when you talking
So I decided that I'm gonna make a mom vlog. Haven't posted a YouTube video in a while
Don’t trust nigga even this nigga has a nigga
"Just turn around and go now. Don’t even brush past me, don’t run into me ccos if you hesitate, I might run to you and hug you.." -It's Cold
Boomer conservatives can't admit they love Hollywood award shows so they pretend they're watching to live tweet hot takes.
I haven't seen Three Billboards and I feel like most of the people ranting on Twitter also haven't so I'm gonna do what they all should be doing and just not say anything about it until I see it
"I can't give you what you think you gave me, it's time to say goodbye, to turning tables." -Adele
I wish I could just self reproduce like a plant so I didn’t have to ever talk to a man or ever include them into my future
I just want to be happy.
All the food and I’m worried about the cookies
Omg!!! Congrats James Franco. Totally wasn’t expecting him to win # golden globes
If we don’t get a Robin Hood soon, we will likely see either slavery or the guillotine.
people on my fb really be thinking global warming isn’t real because it’s cold out. thx trump.
I don't trust nobody with "Public Figure" in their instagram bio.
when shit don't add up subtract
I didn’t realize how much of my hair I cut
Lamarcus will txt me all day & night he literally don’t skip a beat lol
kid all over afric i am worry someone might run over kids in street poor thing just ebola ebola ebola :/
See my header thts my mf heart my other in the pin and my other always up under me, my blood bruddas and my 4th brother not my blood but tht couldn’t make us any closer,*real tears* won’t change on em for nothing
Ain’t shit keeping me going here
Don't ever hit the block with no pretendo harvest
that couldn’t have been more perfect lmao
It's a lot of shit I don't have time for & that I won't make time for
and I hate that you think I don’t belong to ya
Seeing tons of ignorant hot takes about THREE BILLBAORDS when most of these people whining about it either haven’t seen it or fundamentally did not understand it
Just said my first goodbye to one of my brothers... I’ll see him tomorrow before the military takes him but my heart is so broken right now... can’t help but cry..
I don't believe in taking right decision. I take decisions & then make them right. So always believe in your ability & efforts."
funny how when I don't care, these feelings all resurface
I’m standoffish, don’t want what you’re offering
Why don’t I see our men with large followings on here talking about and boosting #Remember Misty Upham?
remember that epiphany i had a few weeks ago about how I needed to start working out? yea that didn’t work
Even though Chris Brown sucks as a human Don’t Wake Me Up still fuckin bangs
Definitely Ain’t Gon Be Able To Sleep In This Weather
If Tonya Harding was involved in the assault or not it is still unclear, one thing is clear: she didn't attack Nancy nor planned it. So please kindly shut up
YOU .. YOU'RE EVERYTHING . I love you , and I'm not going to stop loving you . Meredith , I can't live without you . I don't want to live without you . And I'm going to do everything in my power to prove it.
I'm getting all these fake models accounts latching on to me. I ain't grinding for a cheap and fake hookup.
i can’t wait for darty season
Even tho I don't like 3 billboards, Fox Searchlight is in good hands with it and Shape of Water. Sad its gonna be Disney Searchlight in a few years
She can’t take dick bc when I fuck her she makes too much fucking noise
I’m out here tryna share a million dollar idea with my ppl but they don’t wanna listen. SO FUCK EM
Focus on what you have rather than what you don’t. look for solutions rather than problems. look for greatness and it will transpire in your life. Change your mind, change your life.
Really haven’t been able to sleep without getting that goodnight call smh
So much to look forward to this week
But anyways, the emotional abuse my families' always put me through was actually them taking advantage of my aspergers- where I feel guilty and easily manipulated, more then neurotypals. So I've realized I need to assert my boundaries so they can't bully me into feeling guilty.
I wonder if a drink a bootle of hot sauce it’ll clear my sinuses bc I can’t breathe
"I can't believe you both love me... I'm sorry I invaded pravicy... ." Hands the books back.
ReL question, does adidas make any Yeezy's that don't look awful?
i pray for you when you’re down, you probably don’t know that but i do.
Tbh i was being really dramatic about me breaking my nail and i think I’m going to get them cause i can’t live like this a week has been too long lmfaooo
when ur 19 and in college but ur mom won’t let u go anywhere cool.
Need sleep but I can’t sleep /:
That is not what I wanted to see.
Gotta wife that girl who never switched up on you and stayed solid even when you didn't deserve her loyalty
I don’t wanna go back to school at all
wen Kendrick Lamar said life ain't shit but a fat vagina I felt that
When I love you, I show you.. because sometimes I can’t formulate words great enough to express the love that I have for you... after all, love is an action word.
I couldn't find the ac's remote control so I had to Google how to turn on ac without remote hahaha thank u Google thank you YouTube di na mainit
Disclaimer: This is not legal advice, and I don't offer legal advice. This is for ENTERTAINMENT purposes only. In fact, Traffic and Child Custody Courts are considerably illegal. Upon #CHALLENGINGTHEIRJURISDICTION, you will discover that #MAGISTRATES have NO Jurisdiction.
If you don't have a person like Jace in your life I feel bad for you.
can the earth pls warm up so my metal wrist doesn’t freeze everytime i go outside thank u
Premier's office. Will the Premier doesn’t want to thank the staff that I'm not entirely clear on that. I move that this is in 2012 and 1/4
Sometimes I make the mistake of thinking about when EXO disbands and that fact in and of itself sends me into a deep mental downspiral, I literally can’t breath.
Tbh I don’t think there is any minimum wage job better than mine
Everything was cool then she started talking something about a side a bitch, she don’t never let a nigga make it....
I don’t give a damn what you think, I’m doing this for me
Everyone is down right fucking chatty like Chisme don’t get MFers killed. Exhibit A-COOGIE #The Chi
Some people won’t ever understand my choices, but it’s okay. They’re my choices. I’m the one who has to live with them.
Well, don't mess up with me! I'm Shinigami!
U can talk to me about ladybird once an average movie about an ordinary girl who isn't white living a boring flat plot gets awards from all these Caucasian awards
The only person we need to be relevant to is Jesus, maintaining a relationship with Him and acknowledging Him as our Savior. Makeup, clothes, booty, and boys can’t show you unconditional love and eternal life
don't call me baby, unless you meant it.
i was dying inside to hold u, i couldn't believe what i felt for u....
Tryna fuck this dude that’s like 7ft tall and if his dick isn’t at least a foot long I’m calling the cops
Hate when Rene doesn’t pay attention to his phone
( I don't even like her network that much. doubt I'd like the country if she ran it)
Goodnight to everyone except people who think Graduation isn’t top 3 in Kanye’s discography
i don’t get why people would get back with someone that hurt them..i get it, you love them but you’re setting yourself up for another heart break. :((
yes i know i shouldn't overwork myself but literally everyone expects me to be perfect
Bruh I can’t believe we start classes tomorrow://
if u want to be in someone’s life then do it. lmao don’t sit around and feel sorry for yourself; go for what you want
My realest trap queens don’t trap anymoreeeeeeee
People who say they loved a movie but didn’t care for the ending didn’t really love the movie.
“Ms. Jackson can you please cut on the AC, man it feels like a slave ship in here” “Air conditioning is for honors classes, kids who wanna make sumn outta themselves” “was you in honor classes? Cause you ain’t got no AC either”
Bitch this ain’t a nap this how I sleep
Fuckkkk I love listening to music I haven’t heard in a while and falling in love with it all over again
Predictions for next weekend: ATL 23 PHI 15 NE 31 TEN 13 PIT 27 JAX 17 NO 24 MIN 20 I also predict my Vikings fan mom doesn't initiate conversation with me until Wednesday after the NO-MIN should the Saints win.
I don't even remember the last time I tweeted her press pics lmao
The short story is I fell out of love but still had hope for us in the future, then he fell out of love second and he didn’t see me in his future
Riding isn't the matter of life or death. It's more important than that.
Finally sleeping in your bed after you haven’t in a while
Social media should be a happy place where we can all lift each other up but, it’s not. Social media is not for tearing people down, so don’t make it that way.
Throwing a brunch this Saturday. Buying a turtleneck. Isn’t it about time?
Don't tell me you got other niggas you could be with as a way to try to get me to chase after you. You will hurt your own feelings.
Y'all, I can't quit thinking about that sushi burrito I had for lunch
My mama don't like you and she likes everyone
Emotionaly drained this year. Don’t even bother.
yea i really came from shit, but I won't change for shit
Yes, I'm poly. Google it. No, that's not what it means. No I don't want 3somes. No, I'm not dirty. *cue slut shaming*
Hopeless breathless baby can't you see
He said “I Invest In Myself” headass I Know Damn Well You Ain’t Get No Good Profit INVEST BITCH
I can’t believe the Golden Globes nominated Get Out as a comedy
If u got a goal never let anyone tell u that u can't reach it
and he didn't and he won't tomorrow.
They don’t see what I see.
Lmao I could care less. Just don’t say shit about my friends lol
Bro I can’t go out sad, tomorrow the first I haven’t worked at 6 am for ah minn and here I am,, at home.. not doin ah thing . I needa get out lmao
I have a lot to be thankful for & I bless the Lord for all I do have... but as you get older & you really feel the time going by it's hard to ignore what I haven't accomplished & it's really jst wearing me out now
Nancy Wheeler doesn't deserve Steve Harrington.
I hate seeing my friends hurting, because they don't deserve that kind of pain. They deserve the world & much more
Yoshida: YOU THOTS WEREN’T SUPPOSED TO THRIST OVER ZENOS Me: Why the FUCK did you make him so pretty then??????
So much love for pant ad!!! https//t.co/YjnAnzNQOS
You people that want AV fired are the same people that wanted John Tortorella fired. You were wrong then and you're wrong now. Glen Sather held this team back. Jeff Gorton hasn't had enough time to fix it yet. Wasn't Torts' fault then. Isn't AV's fault now. #NYR
Kissing you as I close my eyes make me believe that you are mine I don't wanna see the pain tomorrow brings 【Ti Amo】
AJ’s dog keeps farting and it stink so fucking bad I can’t sleep
this literary ass analysis of lyrics and archaic ass definition of "lyricism" at a time where "lyrical" shit isn't doing well anyway be coming off top me as 50% hating and 50% denial
it’s only January 7th, and i’m already stressing out about all the things i said i wasn’t going to let worry me this year
If we don't vibe I don't mind
Telkom trying to kill my good mood.. it won't win
Drink water, apply chapstick, love yourself & sleep before 2 AM
# me too well it was my mom really. I’m 1969 or so she went to buy a Camaro at the local Chevrolet dealership and she wanted the V8 model. They said they don’t sell V8s to women and she left with a V6.
Try to be your own Superhero Don't let yourself ● Get Sad ● Be Depressed ● Cry ● Be Over Confident ● Be Arrogant ● Be Lazy #Monday Motivation
i need to take my make up off but i’m TOO TIRED i can’t get up
And so Dawn returns to Twitter!!! How many times has it been? I dunno, but this time I swear I won't abandon twitter.
I'm so tired right now, I didn't even do anything except draw today....
we ain’t talked in a minute but you coo you funny
Bought my mom a Polaroid camera for Christmas and she didn’t even take a pic with me
The part I related to the most in Gucci Manes autobiography was him tweeting at everyone to suck his dick when he didn’t like their offer
I don't know why I'm always choosing support roles in games. I don't think I hate myself, but my choice in role indicates otherwise.
Yal she know i don’t eating a lot of spicy foods so she told me she mad hot dogs
I like to drive around the help clear my head, but I can’t because of this stupid train
But yet I use Philly Blunts She said I never dealt with Philly Blunts Because I heard that's for silly stunts I said, nah they burn slower Right now I really don't know ya But maybe later on I can get to show ya
lrt Can't wait na aahhhh as%sh:iwdfghjklbfbdycka
“Ive stopped crying bc I've realized I don't deserve to lose my water supply on literal garbage” mood all 2018
I said I didn’t want tats on my left arm, but I guess God had other plans.
If the first and only time you've ever met me was at a party don't believe the hype. I'm a catfish.
When people talk shit but can’t spell <<<<<<<
if you’re a pretty girl and you can’t compliment other pretty girls then you really a mad bitch and that makes you ugly .
If you don't think you the SHIT who will that's right I think am the shit hyperpigmention and all and Living out the trunk of my CAR and in a homeless shelter
Don't give yourself too much credit tho, be humble. We're a speck of dust in the universe. Most of us will not be remembered 200 years from now. But that's ok.
My Zae feet be funky but he ain’t the only one..
I'm more qualified to be POTUS than the circus peanut with that title. I still shouldn't be president.
Get you an educated guy, because hustling work can't last forever
DON'T YOU DARE TELLING ME I HAVE NO TALENT I CAN PLAY KECREKAN AND THAT'S A TALENT YOU CAN'T HAVE Bitch.
all you care about is yourself & you clearly can’t see that
Don’t take it personal, but personally, I think you’d be better with somebody like me
She’s literally Beautiful. I can’t wait until she wakes up
I’m the baddest bitch you can have I ain’t with no basic shit baby
"""Don't ever try to judge me dude, you don't know WHAT THE FUCK I've been through!"" - Eminem"
Just cause he got a heart don't mean he got heart
why does my iphone do i.t and wh[o like wtf
When I heard the stories about Julia Roberts and other women in Hollywood not liking to shower or wear deodorant, I knew most celebrity women weren't for me.
Sext: I didn't know which kind of wine you wanted so I got you three different bottles
So many girls stay saying guys ain’t shit all they do is cheat etc.. but as soon as a guy said girls ain’t shit all they do is cheat etc.. feminists would lose their shit
In line for a #Golden Globes party & don’t see anyone not in black, except one guy who probably doesn’t know his suit is dark navy. # times up
It’s 11:21 at night and I’m listening to Drake’s Take Care album. This can’t end well.
u don’t love me like u say you do
“If you’re asking me if I like your company, the answer is yes. If, on the other hand, you’re asking me if I could live without you, the answer is also yes.”
Nice to know my "friends" don't even want to hang out with me. Not like I flew 3000 miles to see them or anything
i hate them hood niggas that don’t have no social media
Asthmatics make up roughly 10% of the population in most developed countries and yet everyone acts like we don't bloody exist. Stop smoking, spraying aerosol and other shit in public that could literally kill someone with asthma
so you're *sure* these pills won't make me a vampire cat
I don’t think some people know what loyalty means
2018 we don't love these hoes
i can’t remember where my classes are located lol im a genius
This was also because they turned off the internet and I couldn't sleep so I read HoO, they clearly weren't happy with me doing something other than stare into the abyss for 7 hours
I don’t like being around me either
On His First Night after Marriage, Alok Nath didn't Make Love to His Wife.. But Gave Her Aashirwaad :P
Why can't it be the two of us
My voice all raspy & I don’t know why
Never liked a nigga that much to tat his name on me seems like when yu do that, that shit dnt last, he can't wait to go be a hoe
Acting and art are the PERFECT situation to use identity politics. The whole point is to engender empathy and entertainment, by whichever means are most effective. Anyone who claims otherwise doesn’t understand this industry.
I ain’t used to being single this shit high key suck
Stop looking out for mfs who won’t even put $20 on the phone if you go down today
haven’t seen a day off in 7 days ...
Le Boss sent out an email that the official opening date is 15th January. I DON'TKNOWHOWTOACT
Jimmy doesn’t like misunderstandings. Jimmy and misunderstandings...kinda clash.
cw: sexual abuse . . . the first thing you learn about roman polanski from his wikipedia page after the fact that he's a filmmaker is that he's a child rapist. i don't understand how this man has a career
Definitely didn’t predict that ending tho
I just wanna see Coco again but I don't have anybody to see it with
I haven’t felt like this is so long
But he doesn’t love me so I tell myself
This guy is legit making me soooo mad. He won't drop it & is legit trying so hard to find out my age basically so he can know if he can flirt oml
One of my cousins lives about 3 hours away and we only see each other maybe twice a year, but we’re close. I’m staying up talking to her and don’t mind because really, she’s like a sister to me
Saw my crush in the babies aisle in a supermarket. She had come to buy baby nappies. I don't know what to do now.
things i don’t have right now: red bull things i need right now: red bull
How do I make it so that when I like a video on youtube, it doesn't tweet it on twitter "hey I liked this video blah blah blah"
The confusion comes into play when they don't understand
Name a party you can’t miss in 2018.
I just dropped stacks on ASOS. Sfe is dangerous smh
Timing is everything and I really believe that!
I bought a diamond tester just for that reason... you can’t be buying shitanf not testing it while you there
I came on here for a specific reason....now I don't remember why
I can't wait to hit the studio tomorrow . I got some new shit for you guys
They tried to take it all away...I wouldn't let them!
It's crazy to me that some people literally don't read for fun. Like I could get lost in a book for hours if you let me
Tomorrow should be a breeze at work cause I don't have no interviews scheduled
Men say the most suspect shit & then be like “why can’t you trust me baby” hmt.
Jeez that Purdue team in 3 years is gonna win a national championship aren’t they
A quote some people should live by “Beauty isn’t about having a pretty face. It’s about having a pretty mind, a pretty heart and a pretty soul.”
“The noblest art is that of making others happy.” -P.T Barnum
my mom said “why is your music so loud” i said “cause you guys are annoying asf and i don’t wanna hear you bye”
I hate being sick . I feel like I can’t do anything & my body just shuts down
RT DailyBooksQuote: "Only those who risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go..." - T.S. Eliot
Man what is up with these people hitting me up lately. Like damn lol y’all are crazy
hearing boys play video games is the funniest shit ever oh my goddddd
You can’t spell timothée chalamet without robbed!!!
Idk how some guys don’t understand how thirsty they are... if I didn’t reply the 1st time I’m not gonna reply the 300th
i felt lost and couldn’t understand how the hell am i 24 and don’t have any parents no kids no family no nothing
Don’t let that boy make you hoes get beat tf up
you know i don't know half the things happening in fandom. i have no idea what bts outcast is. and neither do i actually want to find out because i am intimidated af?
I'm actually happy about it because wouldn't have been able to watch anything an hour later, so go away rain!
is it already end holy I'm at school I can't even focus reading it
If you’re a woman and don’t like #Big Little Lies we probably won’t be friends # golden globes
I have this knot in my throat but I just can’t let it out...
I love EVERYONE in my group chat I can’t deal
On the eve of going back to work... I don’t want to.
so yea nova isn’t spending the night away from home for at least a month until he really gets used to sleeping in his room, cause he was doing so good now we’re right back at square one
I’m really sad that I didn’t get too go to any football games this season
I’m having a blast for my birthday. Idc who show up or who don’t, who get me something or not, idc about anybody actually liking my plans. Nothing
I’m seriously going to cry y’all I am so obsessed with these. I can’t wait to see the rest
Don’t call me a WoC. Call me a black woman kthx
"And If I saw you now I'd porbably turn my eyes to the ground. And if you saw me too you probably wouldn't know what to do. Cause thats the way that love is..."
Most the people I knew were way older than me lol it’s odd but I was looking at things at a different perspective at 17-18. Wouldn’t trade that experience for the world.
If this knee pain doesn’t go away, I swear.
a lot of people seem either resigned to or enthusiastic about the idea that presidents all have to be celebrities now and i don't get why. also it's a bad idea.
Like if you ain't gon like me have a valid reason. Stop listening to fake stories & come to the source
"If I can't repair the Dolphin by then... No! Better not to think about it. I must find the missing ship parts!"
ok i'm gonna try something. route 101's foreigns were changed to the elemonkeys and if it doesn't crash that's a good sign
Giving him that picture wasn’t necessary
It's crazy how you can go from being Bestfriends/lovers/building bonds/feeling like you can't go a minute without talking to each other to NOTHING. Not a text, not a how are you doing, no calls, just nothing.
These next 4 months leading up to graduation are about me, my education, and my career. If you don’t support me or my vision gtfo
if i don't win yajima's category i rly might cry
Let me chill out I don’t need no one help .
st/an twitter be tainting "daddy" like you don't call every male you stan "daddy" that's just not how it works????? smh
ATTENTION ATTENTION It’s 2018 & all no cares are given. Officially sliding into any DM deemed necessary. You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take & Ls will not be accepted this year
boys don’t like girls who are high maintenance because they don’t like exerting effort
i dreamed of eric and it was the cutest shit ever and now i really don’t know who my bias in the boyz is
let me listen to these rain drops & take my bitter ass to bed.
“Don’t generalize, babe.” Why y’all don’t understand systems of oppression. Why y’all can’t just shut up when you haven’t read the syllabus.
They weren’t lying when they said highschool was gonna fly by.
I've made a lot of mistakes in my life but then again life doesn't come with instructions.
Feeling Down But It Won’t Be For Long
Why Daunte Culpepper ain’t flourish they way mcnabb did...smh
I'm glad I don't see anyone posting about their "new years resolution". We all know their full of shit.
the strange illusions that you keep - you don't know, but i'm noticing //
You killer! Why'd you do it? I hate you! I want her back! Give her back to me! I knew it! You didn't care about her! I hate you, James! #Silent Hill Bot
I don't want her body, I want her mind, yeah
I couldn’t be a single parent. I’ve had my God child for 30 hours and im worn out and he ain’t even do anything I real life salute y’all if y’all have kids and do your thing daily.
You ain’t gotta lie to kick it my nigga
No, you don’t care a thing about me, you’re just using me.
why won’t tana mongeau follow me i have been sO loyal i love she
Listen man, you ain’t got to do what they been telling you to do
Doesn't exactly seem like a winning argument.
oh my god i really need to sleep i can’t even see properly
some things just don’t get any easier
Bro I am breaking out no fucking way. Not putting any stress on anything that don’t stress me fuck that.
I learned a lovely new word yesterday: rhyparography. Writing about sordid or disgusting topics. Which is why I won't be reading "Fire and Fury" any time soon.
You hustling backwards if you chasing a bihhchhh , Stupid , chase the paper , they come with the sh!t
I swear y’all my soulmate just doesn’t exist
"Let's head west on 20 in a car I can’t afford, with a plan I don’t have, just me my music and the road."
shawty I'ma hit it hit it like I can't miss
If Army by Ellie Goulding doesn’t make you think about how much you love your friends, then you need better friends.
I haven't play Pocket Camp and Duel Links in days :v I won't get rid og Duel Links cause I'll probably play when school starts, but pocket Camp mmmmm idk I prefer DS Animal Crossing
Can’t keep telling myself nothing’s wrong.
i can’t believe i get to exist at the same time as oscar isaac... truly life’s greatest blessing
It ain't nothing changed but the money on my lap!
don't get me wrong cute paragraphs on text are nice .. but tbh write me a letter on paper and i'll cherish that forever
. My dawg you still can’t guard me tho..
i don’t know why I stay awake so late with no entertainment
can’t get rich around broke hustlers
I’m finding my worth and if you can’t get with the program, I guess I’ll have to kiss you goodbye # All 2018
it hurts knowing there are people out there that hate me for chasing my dream. it hurts that I make someone angry because I make music they don’t like. my personality make my music but music doing change me.
when you're experiencing pain in multiple parts of your body and you don't know what to take so you wish you could take one of everything and hope for the best. i won't. since that seems unsafe. tylenol save me tho.
I wish I could tell someone I'm so blessed but I'm 60 and my husband can not havevsex with me I love him won't leave him but feeling neglected
late night mood: eating cereal with milk pretending it didn’t expire last year
If Trump doesn't have a nickname for Oprah by sunrise tomorrow, he's already lost the 2020 campaign to her.
Capitec Bae still hasn’t deleted those pictures .. ever after she was told about the consequences of her caption
If a mf ever say she don't like me and can't tell you the reason why or my last name she just bitter ass hatin bitch. . .
Currently calming my cat down because he got stuck in a plastic bag and didn't know how to get it off
it’s currently 12:21 and I can’t sleep and I have to wake up in a like 5 hours greattttt :)
I don't believe it. At ALL
raising cane's isn’t all that great like people say it is .
Helloo :) Kkangjii's Here , Sorry I can't Online right now , but if you needs me just leave a mention or direct message . Thangkyou "KKANGJII"
I could’ve had 979 play any song on #NATIB but i had him play the #Roll Call )a song I don’t have a verse on) Im doing this 4 houston! no cap
My Uber driver keeps calling me baby and sweetie and has asked me 3 times now if i like his ride and def isnt take the fast way to my house and I don’t like this one bit
I don't want no dealings with a man I work harder than. # f ax
it’s not my problem if you don’t see what I see!! I don’t give a damn if you don’t believe!!
Knowing I won’t have my niece and nephew with me after tomorrow really breaks my heart
i’m currently listening to skyfall by adele and crying so hard cause i miss my late childhood and i don’t wanna grow and i just wanna be 12 again
I’ve found mine. Eric Austin Berg. You are the love of my life.
To die by your side well the pleasure the privilege is mine.
2. Please give me plenty of notice i.e. the day before. This morning a man didn't get to see me at 6am, cause he didn't give me enough notice. 5.15am is not ideal. !!
When I don’t see my work crush all day
i write a bunch but i don't do anything with it so lemme know pls
Mixing this many alcohols probably isn’t the greatest
If you skate and listen to the same music as me and ur nice but not that nice bc I don’t like nice guys then cuff me bitch
I don’t rlly know u, but u seem cool asl.
but inevitability. inevitability is when you go "ah, that's exactly how it should have gone" like. i don't think anybody sees the first fight between shigure and rokurou and says "oh okay i get it in the final fight [redacted redacted redacted]"
If you’re in the store after closing, don’t expect cashiers/associates to be happy when they serve you ESPECIALLY when you continue to take ur time to shop after the lights go off
I’m not obsessed with my ex i just can’t let her look touch any guy or be happy unless it’s with me
Ain’t too many chicks out here that’s gon ride with you and struggle with you
Do something u like and not something you think u have to do. This night I’ve realized, that I thought I need this school. But I don’t.
I can’t wait to get out of here and start over again.
God got my back I don't even gotta front.
Being beautiful isn't about what's on the outside it's about what's on the inside all I see is beauty when I look at your heart honestly the rest doesn't matter your beautiful, and please don't forget it #Im Right Here Movement
"It's like, you'll care about whatever other girl comes into your life... but you'll never love them cause they aren't her" "Yeah..."
i want friends, but i don’t want friends more.. yk?
I’m 19 and I’m just now finding a real ass friend because i don’t force shit with these hoes
S/O to the men that are faithful or even truthful. Especially the ones that don’t blame EVERYONE else for their faults.
don't tell me something that's not true to make me happy.
Let me start off by saying I don’t have friends
I forget how good The Lion King is. This used to be my favorite movie. I can’t wait for the live action.
Dead bout to find me a sugar daddy so he can pay for my tuition and textbooks.. school isn’t cheap
I'm in love with Daniel Seavey
It still hasn’t hit me that I’m leaving for SJ tomorrow
On a super serious note what can you do if you believe that an artist album biography is way too short and too simple. I see a lot that just don't rise to the occasion of the artists mastery.
However don’t become an egotistical little snot like other people. While it helps to be confident and prepared it also helps to play into their hand and lay about several false positives for them dig through.
if greys didn't make u want to become a surgeon and go through 5 extra years of school did u really watch greys
can’t stop thinking about that pizza gonna order it again this weekend (and become obese)
I don't really do streaks. So if I have a streak with you I must really like you.
Mfs will embarrass me enough where I can’t claim them.
say FUCK EVERYONE that isn't supporting you or putting money in ya pocket and i promise life will get just a bit better...
Son: Dad I can’t sleep Dad: Have you tried counting sheep? Son: Yeah but it doesn’t work Dad: Have you tried counting the Ham Man? Son: I’ll try now, thanks Dad ** ten minutes later** Son: Dad I wet the bed.. bad
Losing my brother has really taken a toll on me. There hasn’t been a night when I haven’t cried. This is honestly the hardest pain to deal with. I’ve never had to bury anyone THAT close to me
I just can't wait to see the boys to be reunited again. OT7
I thank the good Lord above for the friendship Ben and I share , it’s literally a bond like no other i couldn’t do it without him by my side
Don't force someone to make time for you. If they really want to, They will.
if i don’t wake up tomorrow & see some $ in my acct from enterprise ima go left.
No way!!! I don't her to ruin our country anymore!!!!
Lemme remind you this album dropped early October and has been on top ever since, no major promotion or co sign from anyone, he even did it without cussing 1 single time. If that doesn't even deserve a mention from any of you guys Idk what does
You can't make them care about you no matter what you do that's just a fact of life you have to accept it!
I deactivate my pictures from Instagram for awhile trying to forget the past but I can’t forget how far I came from where I am now
If ion spit in this hoe face .. it wouldn’t be me
A-listers and VIPs don’t wait in line so thank you for holding the door for me
What's the difference between a clarinet and a mouse? You can't hear one mouse squeak over an entire band.
Boycotting Twitter until after the repeated digestion & re-mastication of the #Golden Globes tripe is over. . # H o l l y w i e r d
can’t you see how you broke and destroyed my heart?
Soooo, my bestie just texted me and told me she won’t be at school tomorrow..........and ion know how imma survive
People say they can't talk. But no, it is we whom have forgotten how to listen
I don’t like you but I want you
All i need is one more shot to show you I’m worth it
I need a food run. I can't wait to go back to school. I miss getting food wit mfs
I love my job. I don't think I'm sick of saying that yet. In less than three months, I've been presented with incredible opportunities that I was only dreaming of as a student.
Jake Tapper can’t stop, won’t stop tempting me to put him in a book already
From Wisconsin don’t even want to be affiliated with y’all
In the mood to take my pussy back from somebody so I can give it to his friend instead cus I don’t wanna fuck all da homies and his homie meat bigger
I'm bi, I don't feel good.
I don't think anyone ever really has a reason for changing their hairstyle. I did tho when I cut mine off.
I don’t like falling asleep alone
OH and can’t forget Natalie Portman with that badass follow up to Oprah’s speech # shade
Social media giving y’all bitches egos that y’all don’t have in person !
I go to the gym everyday and going to 1 open gym tonight I’ve worked muscles I haven’t felt in almost 2 months. Volleyball is wild man
I get spoiled everyday.. so special holidays don’t make a difference like lol it’s a everyday thing with me & mine!
Just thinking of going back to work tomorrow triggered a migraine when I haven’t had them all winter break..
People do certain things they shouldn’t bc they are lonely..ever think of that
┏┓ ┃┃╱╲ in ┃╱╱╲╲ this ╱╱╭╮╲╲house ▔▏┗┛▕▔ we ╱▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔╲ don't spend money on MUT ╱╱┏┳┓╭╮┏┳┓ ╲╲ ▔▏┗┻┛┃┃┗┻┛▕
I CAN'T BELIEVE I MISSED THE NARUTO I'M YELLING
If we hit the 1 year anniversary of the Inauguration and this whole year with Trump and his cabinet of gross teenage man-boys isn’t revealed to be a giant ruse, 2018 is cancelled
why is that part in the final film when kylo entering the falcon isn’t!!!!! i want some answers jj!!!!!!!
Desperately want to give myself a haircut but I can’t find scissors
I need to find you can't right now.
Moral is never move your brothers car while hes drunk because drunk people don’t remember things
I just spent like an hour on the phone with Microsoft and idek what’s going on.. they are charging me 99.99 (that I don’t have) to fix my computer and said “it is alright”what??!!
I don’t see much excitement coming from the Saturday playoff games but Sunday has two good ones!
I love when rylee watches cheesy romantic movies with me and doesn’t complain
The Greatest Showman has one of the best soundtracks, I can't stop listening to it
Sucks learning about serial killers/ murders in school bc now i can’t even watch documentaries w/o knowing the info already
Parents-raise up your boys to be godly men. Your job doesn’t end just because they are becoming independent. Ladies-don’t settle for worldly perceptions of what relationships should be like. Find you a man who will pray with and for you.
i'm gonna try get pills in the morning but if i can't i'm getting them after school i just really want to die whag the fuck
I can’t believe that girl in old town last night said me and Carolina look like mean girls like wtf I’m nice when you talk to me
don't dumb yourself down for the comfort levels of others.
I don’t think anyone will ever be able to understand me
If I didn't care it would be a whole different thing , but no I actually care & I guess you don't see that.
Don’t let nobody tell you different you the greatest
I do not wanna go back to school. I ain’t even excited bout prom
My lil house is becoming a home & life couldn't get any better
imma live my best life with or without you. remember that !
I don’t see why people feel like they need to lie to me shit not that deep!
i will pull up to OE in fucking heelys don’t try me
Don’t care how many followers I’ll lose for this: Rocky Top bangs. # b n a
I got a static-electrical shock from turning off my ceiling fan and it actually cut the skin on my thumb. I didn't know that could happen.
❝Can disarm, but still can't use your brain? What a shame.❞
Sigh I wish life could go back to before dad got sick cause I literally haven't been happy since June 2013
I can’t believe I lost 15 lbs in less than a month
But I ain't got no niggu to
Disclosure: I don’t take down gyms while I’m spoofing. Wanna make that clear cuz I ain’t dirty
I really hope I don’t get exposed by that who checkin your profile cause I be lurkin lolol
i miss being able to watch one tree hill on nights that i couldn’t sleep. netflix, help a girl out and get oth back
She would get every single vote Hillary did (vs Trump) and also many of the folks that just couldn’t vote for Hillary.
At one point we had vine and Obama and sometimes I worry that I didn’t appreciate either enough and now they’re gone
and love is the holocuast, except you don't die quick and you don't get thinner
If I tell u something and u don’t believe me, ... that’s not my problem
Fucking bullshit dude. I can't wait to drink bro.
There’s too much confusion I can’t get no relief
if you don’t listen to 070, WHAT ARE YOU DOING!!!!! nothing but vibes and facts! #The Jersey Way
When things aren't adding up in your life, start subtracting.
Can’t wait to go to school tomorrow on zero hours of sleep
I can't draw the line at beautiful because you are way beyond that
(i don’t actually have a 420 credit score lls)
If she can't perfectly Crank Dat Soulja Boy it's a major issue like Time magazine.
Always believe in your future. Love life. Don't let negative people ruin your mood.
“your so sexy even tho you don’t like me” LMAO
I can love you and still leave...don’t get it twisted! #Love From Afar
for cam, i’ve only just met her but she’s the best. very caring and sweet. i hope we get to stay friends for a long while. don’t know if she’ll see this but love you lots cam.
10:20 pm I turned in my speech. I want to thank all of you for the love and support. But don’t let it stop because my teacher will make me cry tomorrow good luck to those still writing and good night
I wish I knew. Our relationship was great, she was the only person I legit cared about. I really don’t see myself crying about losing anybody else I know
"I don't like your clothes, take it off" # Korra b o t
the golden globes pushing equality for women so hard but greta gerwig wasn’t nominated for director .. huh
If you can count it by hand it ain’t no real money
I Really Don’t Like People Driving My Car Idc Idc Its Mine
Too many people concerned and I don’t even know half yalls names /-:
And what happen between Tae and Jin? Are they brother? Like have a family bond? Why was Jin left Tae? Is this have something related with BS&T Japanese ver? Or is it just me? God I need a sequel :(
i haven’t had my daily nap 2day so why am i still up
y’all i’ve figured it out!!! track 1: my my my track 2: youth youth youth track 3: is is is track 4: yours yours yours it’s gonna be an ep not an album troye can’t fool me
so tired but can't even sleep
Well January don’t count anyways as far as resolutions go
i honestly don’t think I could ever live alone because I’m so scared of things even when I’m in a house with people
you are an amazing person and I really do love your personality. You’re beautiful and one of a kind. I can’t wait for the crazy adventures we will have this year.
These next few weeks are going to be the hardest ones since this time last year. Be over already. Can't be dealing with the thoughts. No sleep for me.
altho i don’t stan w1 i want to go to that fanmeeting in kl but..... w1 is asking us to jOIN when their tickets sold out faster than me blinking so how la
Gotta go to school tmrw but I can't sleep
Next person who stares in my direction gonna get knocked the eff out don’t test me today
A year later he saw me again and didn't stop staring at me. He was shocked to see me and how I looked.
I dyed my hair and it literally didn’t catch one section of my hair... WTF
Dropping in to check up on twitter, I've spent the entire day reading and nothing else. I didn't actually write anything. They're good books though.
Crime hasn't been all that good to me of late. I've been spending more time in Arkham Asylum than out.
Even if I was out the way I wouldn't be hangn with nigas if I was in the way....I'm different
watching cash cab with my parents and they won't stop asking me questions about what new york was like
Barriers to becoming president are being broken down left and right: Obama showed you don't have to be white. Trump showed you don't have to read at a fourth grade level.
If I tell you keep that same energy, I mean it. Don’t try and come back and be different.
Why wouldn't I cook today I'm upset
I swear if I hear one more "don't give up" I'll explode.
goodnight to everyone except princess hannah because she doesn’t have to set an alarm for the first day of classes
Don’t hand me no advice I don’t want it cuz y’all niggas don’t be knowing wtf y’all be talking about
Can't trust no one.. sad truth.
Fuck being nice to people who don't deserve it.
my man who isn’t my man thought I had a man and wasn’t trying to be my man because of that.. wow life really be crazy
I’ve been laying in bed since 9 and can’t sleep lol
Ask yourself how does this person benefit my life, if you can’t think of an answer get rid of them.
I didn’t go looking for your attention, but that doesn’t mean I don’t miss it now that you’re gone.
Y’all ain’t ready .... I swear y’all not
I really didn't *hate* Three Billboards even though it's obviously got some massive blind spots but I still don't understand why Frances McDormand was dressed in a fuckin coal miner's uniform every day when she works in a gift shop??
Arg one thing I don't like about closing and opening it's those goodbyes and hello hugs and fake smiles
Aries are embarrassing. Don't go out with them. They don't understand discretion.
I lock the doors behind me don’t you come knocking
I don't even like yomi I just like his voice
People mamas always saying I'm handsome, don't be surprised if I post pictures with a couple milfs
The main ones that don't fwy n talk about bout u be the main ones that stalk yo every social media.
#Nobody Should Ever Feel Like cereal can't be eaten for dinner
my knees won’t stop hurting i’m filing a lawsuit
Gaston was really that "if I can't have her, no one can" type of guy
I walk out of my room into the living room to my dad eating out of a tub of icecream and he goes “ I didn’t want to make dinner so I decided to eat desert instead”
Ooh I miss my granny my Lady a been let me know wassup and how it’s go be! Ain’t nobody bust the game down to me like she did
Just because I'm BLACK and love my people doesn't mean you won't get that work and that
I can't wait to go on spontaneous flights with someone
One day i want a relationship then the other 6 days i don’t so let me just stay to myself
I went to high school with her dad Kerri. He can’t even Rest In Peace. This is so sad. The fact that she’s a lesbian shouldn’t matter. She was shot & burned ALIVE in a car trunk. Find her murderer. #Kerrice Lewis
It prob won't be as good as 3,4 or 5 buuuuut idc
OK, I DON'T REALLY REALLY WANT TO FIGHT ANYMORE. I DON'T REALLY REALLY WANT TO FAKE IT NO MORE
“Ima call you back, im finna grab something” someone who ain’t callin back.
we can quote, we can tweet and we can subtweet just cause it’s the homies girl doesn’t mean we have to be sweet, last time I check I’m my own person and I speak my mind in anyway I want
Being so annoyed you can’t even fall asleep <
that nightmare fucked me up and it's nearly 5pm and i still haven't had anything to eat or drink
I feel so old watching Paranormal Activity 4 and i.t came out in 2012. 6 years ago. That’s wild.
The “I didn’t know” harm is still harmful, whether they’re lying or not. But the “I knew and I did it anyway?” Ugh.
i can't see j*ke p*ul's fucking face and hair on my timeline again
Talking about cars, I haven't beat daddy up for making the "crashing the car door" tease. :^)
I don’t need to be reminded that my techniques were wrong, that I didn’t try hard enough, wasn’t determined enough.
Pyramid schemes probably aren’t the best way to invest your money for the first time
Bitches, I don’t trust ‘em but they gimme what I want for the night. Bitches, I don’t trust ‘em but I tell ‘em when they do what I like. #Tove Lo
Steve Brannon didn't go on record disputing that he called Don Jr "treasonous" for 5 days. 5 days of Trump, the WH, and all of Trump's lackeys shitting on him and... nothing. But when Rebekah Mercer pulled funding for Breitbart over the comment... instant statement. Hmmm.
IIIIII WANTEEED YOUU BUT YOU DIND'T WANT ME
My weekend is made. So happy to see Mmusi engage more on Twitter. Be fearless + bold Mr President. Don't let other's speak for you!
I love #The Golden Globes I love #Award Season it's my favorite! Bitter assholes who can't see the fun just change the channel! #fuckingsickofbitterfuckingmorallessfucks
People links # t wit t e r with # face book posts and they don't actually use t wit t e r . I don't know who to follow.
IMO ~ Meanwhile there still are some people think 50 shades was kind of sexual abuses tolerance movie, this is why Jamie Dornan n Dakota Johnson can’t be present together (for promoting that movie) in any Hollywood’s award while they are fighting against it.
You guys, pump the brakes. We really don’t need Dr. Phil or Dr. Oz as Secretary of State.
also since I’m here I wish jeongguk still wore his gauges. y’all didn’t appreciate what you had.
Well, I don't care which color you make me. I can make any hue look good.
Twitter > Your friend who said they didn’t like twitter after you told them to use it but now use it non stop
They don’t have, anyone. #but Hey #Nobody Should Ever Feel Like
How exactly am I going to survive next sem with 20 credits? I can barely survive this semester oh my god why can't I BE A YOONGI FANSITE
I feel like working 12 hours a day 7 days a week is probably not very healthy. Going to have to cut back I think. I don't think it'll effect the channel, probably cut back on the side work projects first.
lmao everybody mad i’m boo’d up but never would stop playing games, wouldn’t stop lying, & never told me how they really felt so???? stay mad ig
My brother ain't got his ticket. What imma suppose to do with him # Move your ass
You can't make time; so those who waste the least, achieve the most. - Tim Fargo # quote
It sucks holding on to a thought that maybe isn’t there no more and not being able to detach yourself
We will do like we always do, prove and surprise this world because this attachment can't be undone !
I didn't see Rashida or Jamilla in our group chat today
We don’t always get what we want.
PSA: do any of u girls have any dark blue jeans with no holes that u don’t wear and could possibly fit me???? IF SO HMU PLZZZ
Grindr gays are so fucking annoying like.... damn bitch its not that serious
“You’re gonna do great things, and don’t let failure set you back. Learn from it and keep trying” -my closest friend ( I needed to hear this )
ain’t nobody want anything real now a days they just want you for a night...
But I can't even do that rn bc a. My car has no heat and it is the dead of winter and b. There's so much snow that there's nowhere to park
It’s like 12:30 and I can’t even go to bed bc every set of sheets I own are in the wash this is the worst and also what I get for being a Lazy Asshole
u kinda cute but you don’t know de wae of the devil
People can blast. I don't even find champagne nice
Can’t say Hell because she imagines it’s rather toasty down there.
Sorry I’ve been quiet lately. I said I was going to try and be more positive and things are... really... really bad So I haven’t been postin a lot bout it to avoid negativity
mannn i almost dropped my ice cream sandwich i couldve died literally
And by being there I don’t mean just buying shit, that’s cool, but you gotta do more. Be there for all the Appointments, checkups, shots, watch em grow, help mold them into being great!
the website won't even load jsgsjsg
Love is when someone doesn’t give you what you expected in return and yet you still care for them.
I’m glad they didn’t let DRAM ruin this song.
i TRUly don’t have time for troyes SHIT just TELL US WHATS ON THE BILLBOARD SWEATY
I don't even know what to expect for SG2 I'm so excited to get my weave snatched!!!
Class tomorrow. It’s my last semester as a senior i didn’t think the day would come
Plus, why hating on Gaten for not wearing black? He weared the pin and obviously supported it. They deserved to win and I’m still mad that Millie didn’t take any pictures with them. It’s not her fault though.
I just can't get enough of bitche$...
Aside from Lorca and Burnham I really can't tell you the full names of any of the crew members on Discovery. That's how unimportant those characters are to the story. That's how little interest I have in them. #Star Trek Discovery
You can never trust someone who doesn't sing along to Bohemian Rhapsody or Hey Jude.
Unfair!...other people can go to bed with dirty dishes in the sink, how come I can't???
#Family Guy haven’t seen Brian in 4 legs in a long time
And the worst part is is everyone knew, even I knew but I have this fucked up loyalty and I can't just let people suffer. Even if they deserve it.
After visiting a lot of coins websites, it's sad to see that a lot of these teams don't have Black people on the development teams
had no idea she was in it, can't believe im gonna have to watch big little lies for laura dern
as quite i can be and stuff still happens
I’ve decided if she don’t like the saints lsu and crawfish I don’t want her
Just watched a video from futurism on Facebook. Smart phone/watches for children. I don’t think people realise that it doesn’t matter how much encryption is used to protect the information. If someone wants it, they will get it.
Did my sit ups after ages. Couldn't do them past 2 nights due to asthma.
Shay called Baby Blue a "shiny Lil bitch" i can't stop laughing #L H H Miami
and i hate to say i want you when you make it so clear you don’t want me
21. A photographer or video/photo editor 22. Kinda shitty 23. Kinda shitty 24. Honestly don’t know never been on a date so idk how they’re supposed to go lol
I'm mad because I want to FaceTime taylor but I know she hates face timing or calling anyone in general and she's all the way in Columbus asleep right now so I don't wanna wake her up
It’s all about who you talk about when you’re drunk
16. Bull Nakano Next-level in a hundred different ways, can't praise her enough
I can't sleep with this painnnnn but I'm doing amazing ;)
Child support don't do shit but make the nigga hate you more
no that’s really stupid that movie couldn’t have been that good to have won over Get Out
I seriously started crying about school because I don’t even see a point in it anymore, can I just graduate pls
If I don’t hear from my financial advisor by noon tomorrow he’s dead to me.
I can’t stop watching “Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee”.
where do y'all find random exo-ls i can't even in my own classroom
if u see my nigga doing something outta pocket don’t be one of those “i wish she knew” bitches , just tell me
i believe i don't deserve that grade i believe dapat niyang palitan and i believe... gRRRrRRr
Don't speak ill of me unless you've breathed my oxygen seen with my eyes felt my heart pounding in my chest as I lost all that I have ever loved
I promised myself I would one day come back for you, now it ain't possible.
I can’t wait to get my braces and finally have pretty teeth
13. *shakes* my parents said if I wasn’t name giovana that my name would be briana
Totally not making Dean a virgin because I don't write virgins very well. Which is ironic. Idk why thought of it but oh well.
If you love someone, let them go. If they don't come back, they were never meant to stay. If they do, they could be stalking you.
If I could go back to 8th grade I would not have chose king. Location wasn’t everything
"Sick of Millionaire TV people who don't know how government works being our President "... Oprah for President 2020!. This country is nuts.
If a cat could text you back, they wouldn't.
With that said I told myself this year I wasn’t gonna spend money I didn’t have to so I could treat myself with trips, but I’m already failing!
I don't know what to do with arsenal again
Wow, Douglas is maybe the worst note to go out on.
I keep misspelling steel :-( lol
I wish Jayme Shaye was a household name, but soon enough. SOON ENOUGH, man.
It’s hurts but it ain’t dead ....
Man makes me have damn near existential crises when I think too much about him y’all, and Yoons is my bias I don’t understand
anyone thinking about watching the show “the end of the fucking world” pls do it, you won’t regret it # net f l i x is doing it right #The Endof The Fxxxing World
This break has been so good, don’t think I’m ready to go back to school in a couple hours
I love when Simon sleeps/comes over but the days he doesn’t i get so sad without him
Sore in parts of my body I didn’t know existed. The DOMS is real smh
Omg, " The Good Place " is hilarious
if you ain't fuckin w gucci you doin something wrong
Nothing irks me more then when someone is ignoring me don’t wanna talk to me cool let me know
It’s all fun and games until you’re blind folded, your hands tied up above your head and she tell you don’t move
maybe make it two things that don't work, or one that's not an off-by-one error
“u cuss a lot” bitch and? lol I don’t give a FUCK
I’m sad I won’t get to talk to Armando before he’s leaves
#Now Playing Don't You Feel It by Sub Focus Feat. Alma
DRAGONS" Still can't magically had the fact the dust playing HotS last place It's true! I need to be useless at college and
Trust a nigga and behind is only the night sky. Don't you want the constellations to mean something
i won’t change on you for nothin
Let’s do shit we don’t even see in movies
These hoes ain't been loyal since 2015
This is random as hell lmao but sometimes I can’t believe someone like Jungkook exists like...????
my daddy death affected me so bad don’t get me wrong it still do now but it’s getting better
Idk why i b playin with y’all lol, i don’t b wanting y’all fr.
It’s so funny that, no matter the year, stan twitter hypes the shit out of a white man with dark hair and light eyes. I don’t make the rules!
I miss some of those drives we had with the windows down and we had no worries
bro why can’t guys my age hit on me >:(
Can't beat y'all people. Talking about these folks but still be in they face
And don’t realize it until the damn show is almost over
i fucking hate school i don’t want to go tomorrow
Love is hard to find, but once you find it you won't regret it. # pillow talk
“It slowly doesn’t even matter anymore.”
You say I’m changing Sorry I didn’t know I had to stay the same
What if people are stalking my Twitter and I don’t even know it? I’m don’t think I’m interesting enough to stalk on social media.
... crying from laughter because It won’t last long..
It's been an amazing three weeks off, I feel like I finally was able to catch my breath, but I can't wait to see my sweet little students tomorrow morning. #life I Srad
When you keep it real with yourself they can’t expose you
summer18 , bitches ain't ready for me lol
so the au’s almost over, i just finished the first season of deokspatch, and i have school in 10 hours and 40 minutes. i don’t know what to do with my life aiwjhdoqs
Yall stop what you’re doing right now and try to explain the movie Cats Don’t Dance to someone who’s never seen it.
i can't believe natalie portman just killed every male director in that category
Slowly but surely, will I delete all my old friends off my social media’s. don’t care to see any of y’alls shit anymore
Stupidity level: I want the unqualified celebrity that I like to run for office just because they don’t seem as bad the unqualified celebrity who’s in charge right now.
Can't tell if I miss school or I just wanna be living with my roomie again....
I don’t wanna fall in love ..happiness is just a trick that happens right before you get hit in the balls!
I feel like i’m out of my mind It feel like my life ain’t mine Who can relate?
4 and 3 and 2 and 1
I mentioned on here right the one time last week a guy on pornhub whos face you couldn't see sounded like cr1tikal and I fucking SCREAMED
It ain't safe, it ain't safe, it ain't safe
I don't fully realize the power I have... It's crazy
i woke up knowing its time to forget my past
Sorry to break it to y’all. Hashtag school is real
I don't need to waste my time to entertain your useless predictions.
It's THE FUCKING PRESIDENCY, not a celebrity popularity contest. Jesus fuckin' Christ, we're going to learn jack shit from this shitshow, aren't we?
Part of me wonders if what my book contributes to the conversation isn’t going to be appreciated by the people who could make a difference.
Can’t let people take your kindness for weakness
If you don’t think representation in movies/tv matters you are 100% wrong.
I really don’t get why people pay to have fish eat their nasty ass dead foot skin. You’re soaking your feet in water that they will definitely shit in. It’s gross and weird. Stop.
My psyche reached the point I can't use trains anymore... So no Fall Out Boy for me today.
We can’t afford the luxury of a negative thought
You know you the shit when bitchess find lies to tell on you especially when they can’t call you ugly
Can't sleep from this headache Tristen's pantry shelf caused, cause I don't pay attention to what I ram my head in to
Back to my wonderful job tomorrow. And I’m not even being sarcastic Night. Don’t be sending me “hey” msgs at 2:37am, smh. I need my sleep.
I prolly never know how love feel cause everythang I gave my heart to aint with me now like it wasn’t real
i can't get shit right for nothing in this world
i hope everyone had a wonderful sunday :))
all i ask is that when i die, bury me in fractions of ash in all of the cities she ever felt alone.
I'm still trying to find my own happiness but I'm lost in my own mind. Sad thing is you don't even care. You just want me for sex but sadly I did love you, and you loved me as well.
Don't stand too close to the heater, Babe. PLASTIC melts.
# Why don't feel blue, I can...
I was so set on going away for college but as it gets closer I don’t want to leave home
I’m real ass when it comes to texting. Don’t expect much.
It's weird how I forgot about the Golden Globes and now I don't understand anything people are referencing in my TL.
Even when we ain’t together she still mines facts
2018 gone be the year i recognize when i'm using substances to run from my problems. i ain't gone do anything abt that just recognize lmfao
it's the year 2018 and jungle game practice video hasn't been released yet
Why do I care for a girl who doesn’t care about me so much?
I don’t want to go to school tomorrow but at the same time I do because I want to see my friends
I use to care about a lot of shit but I don’t no more
Don’t never ever fold on me .. all I ask of you , keep it goin
Commitment issues so deep I won’t let myself get a tattoo
See me thrown at the Met
This weekend's Eshel National Retreat is officially full at 110 participants! Wait list/standby is available. Can't wait to see everyone there! #Gay Jews # Orthodox #LGBTQ #L G B T Q Jews
I mean idk but I don’t think get free sounds like creep I’m just sayin
Who would win in a all out clown fight Penny Wise or Homey D Clown? Make Yo Decision Nigga!
A new year doesn't make you a new person. YOU have to change yourself.
My pajamas are so comfy I don’t want to wear real clothes to work tomorrow.
you gotta get out and get it on your own .. don’t accept no handouts
I should probably go to bed but two more episodes won’t kill me
I ain’t gonna lie this the first time in my life I actually feel like a stupid ass bitch
Im just here to say one thing. Girls, if you haven’t seen Las Chicas del Cable on Netflix; I really recommend you to watch it! Women empowerment, romance, and has you on edge
You never know what you have til it’s gone, like in The Office Michael is just annoying but then he leaves and the show isn’t nearly as good and you just wait for him to come back.
You didn't lose them. Didn't you have nothing from the beggining? #Sebby Bot
Soon as you don’t give niggas what they want they mad
If I consistently invite you to go out to events and places that I plan now and you don’t show, don’t expect to get invited when I make it.
Being a feminist online doesn't entitle you to encourage violence, make jokes out of bashing men, speak for groups you don't belong to or generally just shut uninformed people out of conversations they don't yet understand.
I couldn't imagine bein serious bout life wow niggas do dat? Das very mature
I'd kill for one of my niggas if it needed to be done. No questions asked.
Impossible to remember when I came to knew the #Love Live franchise. I didn’t tweet so frequently 5 years ago.
- hey girl! We don’t talk like that but you fine t’up for your last semester of high school. I can’t wait to see y’all go to prom
"Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong." - Peter T. Mcintyre
You know you can’t get over me. Youuuu knowww you can’t get awayyy from mee
don't sell me nothing you not eating your damn self LOL
deadass someone give me the “Worst Mutual” award because I never talk in my gc or when someone personally DMs me, I usually don’t know what to say lol
Idk what College I wanna go to! I dont wanna waste my time applyin to these schools & don't go to none of em
then again, georgians can barely drive in dry conditions so i'm sure just a POSSIBLE mix of freezing rain isn't entirely safe lol
Wait did I miss something since I didn't watch the #Golden Globes2018 ? I keep seeing people saying they're "proud of our president"?
You've must of done this before, this can't be your first time
What I have with you, I don’t want with anyone else.
Family is the most important thing and some people don't understand that
Because of you I never stray too far from the sidewalk. Because of you I learned to play on the safe side so I don't get hurt.
Don't let a bad day make you feel like you have a bad life.
Just attempted animating and realized I was accidentally deleting each frame after I finished it. I’ll stick to writing and still pictures for now. It wasn’t meant to be
Tough times don’t last, tough people do
could’ve not couldn’t what the hell
ain't got no time to be dealin with that extra shit
So I didn't qualify to get the civil servants RM1000 bonus after all... :(
Timmy didn’t win tonight so Golden globes is canceled
Unichrome gel nail sculpture glass the whole 9 all beehive to come w any t ime photo it can b replicated doing interview process pic types
Jason Walker & SWCC - All The Glory Belongs To You
I’m on a whole other level of procrastination.... I don’t do hw the night before I wait until the day of
You can't lose what you never had , You can't keep what's not yours &amp; You can't hold on to someone that does not want to stay.
I’m really excited. I won’t just be doing makeup, but I’ll be really expressing myself like i never had before.
Successful people don’t have time for Twitter just look at Donald Glover’s Twitter take notes people
Don’t play stupid with me “I’m not playing stupid I’m just clueless”
I’m playing a game with Halley’s family and her mom tried to tell her that she didn’t get the point and she responded with “i wish i could roll my eyes farther back then i just did”
I got asked “why can’t white people say the N word yet we created it??”... all I could say was “that’s exactly why..” it made me uncomfortable tbh.
I don’t understand how Hugh Jackman is allowed to keep calling GREATEST SHOWMAN “the first original movie musical in 25 years.” LA LA LAND (written by THE SAME LYRICISTS) was LAST YEAR.
I would give everything to meet Dreamcatcher and tell them I love them all but it's probably better I don't. I'll just melt into a puddle if I'm within 500 feet of them tbh. I don't know what I would do besides cry fkskfks
im feeling really down and i don’t want to tweet anything that will embarrass me later so i think i’ll sleep! goodnight everyone
The 2 rakat of sunnah before Fajr are better than the whole world - obviously the fard of Fajr has even more reward. Don’t miss out on them
if you don't get my humor we cant be friends
I didn’t appreciate Dreamcatcher when they made music...now I miss my goth girls
But more profitable for pharma and the private prison system. Which the sun really doesn’t set in the West. Meaningless argument. #11th Hour.
Ain’t nobody solid like they say they is, that’s why I fw myself ..
Me and Stephanie had said Ale house every Sunday and we haven’t been able too. Wth
There's a herd of 5 deer in McLane's field right now. Pretty neat. Would take pics if my camera didn't suck.
Both of us sleepy as hell
I hate driving my tia’s jeep Bc this hoe has limo tints on her windows...literally can’t see shit at night!!
I didn’t edit mason into my profile picture but just know he is actually the Kangaroo
Jami e i s n’t a s s tupid a s C e r s e i think s h e i s #Gam e of Thron e s # s 7 e 5
attention friends that aren't back at FC: I'm stealing some snacks
Iunno of Creep is actually Radiohead's most popular song but its probably up there and I don't know Why
Don't show me any love if the loyalty isn't coming with you as well.
11) WHO’S A FUCKING WEEDER. But nah smoking hasn’t ever interested me.
don’t schedule lessons a couple days after oral surgery kids. don’t do it
OR I just need someone to lend me their time to take pictures of my shit to post it on apps and other pages Cuz I don’t have the attention span to do it alone
"Hey, Neil. Isn't that amazing? Isn't that touching? Look how they weep over you. Ah, such misplaced concern. Tell them you can take care of yourself."
Think I have insomnia. How tf do i work long ass hours but can't stay sleep throughout the night. I really slept for 3hours
I have put moisturizer on my nose like 27 times today but it can’t help when I blow my nose 278 times I guess
"You know, Lucifer. We tried to do you a huuuge favor, you know?"
Please don’t love me when I’m dead I wanna feel it now
god remember when glee was the biggest thing in the fucking world?
what i really want right now, i can’t have so annoying
Always use them little gloves at petrol stations when putting diesel in my car. Didn’t bother this morning and obviously my hand is covered in diesel. Why does this happen ?!! doesn’t happen with petrol pumps
Tryna go ice skating soon tbh
Haven’t had sexual intercourse in so long I forgot what it feels like
wish i wasn't like this, i just wanna be happy again
Y’all just don’t know how good Pokémon’s Gen 2 music is.
If it ain’t one thing it’s another! Things gotta start looking up!
Still waiting on my school to act their age instead of to petty 7 year old drama.
Yo Mama's so ugly she did the truly impossible: she made Captain James T Kirk's penis go limp.
grey is the color of my fuckin skin, i ain’t a white boy bitch dead is what i been
I said “Nigga you can’t get it in ya car?” His response was “well she kinda big, it would be a little uncomfortable”...
I know my 1-month-old ain't throwing hands at me my kids do nothing but abuse me
Godmother O isn't running for President! Americans won't stress her out & have her getting off her freestyle diet. Please leave her alone & allow her to continue to flourish. She does an AWESOME job using her voice & platform to evoke change & influence. #Golden Globes # O p r ah 2020
“So, you can make me come, that doesn't make you Jesus.”―Tori Amos
Why do people still think cmbyn is normalizing pedophilia omfg if it was than it wouldn’t have been nominated for a golden globe. Some people are so uneducated, pls get your facts straight and oh, have you ever heard of the movie dirty dancing?
Is it nerves.. or excitement? Can’t sleep like it’s Christmas Eve yet anxious. Just want it to start! #Go Dawgs #National Championship
I’m so focused on my life itself I don’t want a boyfriend, homie, someone to chill with nun.
I haven't touched my books since the August 8th elections and I have CATs next week
When don’t my plans fall through
Where can I find great deals on winter clothes definitely don't wanna freeze in February when we flight up and when we go to Canada
Man I had a tight ass Brawndo joke I ain’t tell at New Years cause I figured no one would get it
# P ant hers couldn’t throw the ball into the Catawba River.
Cause once i start i won’t stop! That’s a known fact!
I know that i can drive but i’m just so afraid to drive alone that i can’t do it
Can’t wait to be my own boss
I hate finding pieces of her in this new place. I don’t need any reminders of her and what she did.
I really don't think Ima fall asleep tonight , I literally been sleep all day.
ain't no manual to this shit you just gotta go for it
Never been so into some shit I wasn’t so sure of.
Bitches wanna Have Hoe Money But don't Wanna Do Hoe Shit Ion Get Yall
She beat a bitch ass on sight and don’t let her get turrrrnt up
sometimes i love you but i don’t but i do
gonna buy my dog down please? he wouldn't
If there’s one thing I couldn’t give less of a fuck about, it’s a show with celebrities patting each other on the back. #Golden Globes
When people tell me that I make time for everything else but them, I literally be wondering if they really don’t get the picture or do they just want me to feel bad. Either way I’m unbothered.
Why can’t I just sleep now?
it was hot, there was fire everywhere, i couldn't use my powers to watch netflix and pass time, the fucking fire,
If you don’t like Rain you were born from Satan’s asshole
I'm still mad that I don't even go to school anymore but I still gotta wake up at 6:45am everyday to take my brat to school
I used to pick fights with my boyfriend and pretend to be mad when really I wasn’t at all just cause I was bored and i just really need to know if other people do that..
I didn’t watch the Golden Globes, but I’m guessing it was: Men are bad Trump is bad Only we the elite know what is good for you
ofc i’m ugly this isn’t beauty contest
I'm still bitter that Timothée Chalamet didn't win Best Actor ayt
I can’t believe I didn’t win that HTC Vive, smh
If we can't Fuck to GATES then I can't fwy
In one episode, Numbah 1 has a son named "Shirley", because "his wife wanted a girl", which can be interpreted in all manner of ways I ain't touching
For Him don't matter what u do.. or who are u.. Him can chance everything, just like did with me and still...
I can’t wait to get home and lay in bed and cuddle up with my dog
Napping before heading out probably wasn’t the best idea
I'm sorry but I just really really strongly dislike Taylor Swift's music idk what it is but I can't stand it
Baby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true
My head hurts so bad, I don't even want to move
I'm just exhausted from missing things I shouldn't be
Burnt too many bridges but i ain’t burning you
I couldn't even find the bathroom smh I'm high
I can’t wait for my bday
Lana's song doesn't even sound like Creep. Just a similar chord progression.
So I didn’t go to the hospital & my mom texted for an update
I binge watched ALL of the Harry Potter movies from begging to end this weekend and I ain't ashamed #Too Cold To Be Doing Shit
After that video of puppy abuse I just need to see something happy. So tag me or send me something if you can. I can’t get the sound of those poor sweet angels out of my head.
We went through the struggle and waited and waited, I can’t let nan one of you Niggas betray me
For realsies the video to hungry eyes is so fuckin weird
The minute I think my ex can't make me any sicker to my stomach she always proves me wrong
Gonna try and start losing more weight soon. I'm exactly 200lbs rn and would like to get to around 180 - 170ish. I unfortunately can't do heavy lifting or running due to surgery until next month maybe.
i can’t wait to be rich so i can own a box spring and bed frame again
I really am addicted to peanut m&ms I make a stop to pick some up just about everyday like a smoker buying cigarettes. I need to stop
Momma ain’t raise no bitch .
I'm starting to think everyone on the road actually doesn't know how to drive, and they're just winging it. I'm still building this theory, I will release more information soon.
Something to reflect on: The biggest apparent signal that something strange was going on in the open source community, was that a complex security hardening measure with perf trade-offs was being committed & Linus _wasn't publicly cursing out it's authors_
My dribbling skills isn’t the best
I’m shooting my shot for new friendships this semester all week
Goto vs Suzuki was another fantastic match on a show full of them, this felt like a couple of legit badasses settling their differences by stiffing the crap out of each other & I loved every minute of it. # n j p w #WK12
If I ain't got ya w me baby
You don’t got shit you a liability. . . I need a chick with her shit together. Show me you trying at least. You have unpaid tickets tell me you irresponsible.
I really don’t wanna wake up at 5:40 for work
Never stress over anyone who isn't stressin' over you
can’t nobody tell me shit i’m a good ass mom, my son will never want for shit I promise that
i wish i didn’t have a heart to love you
Find someone who doesn’t wanna change who you are, but makes you want to be a better person at the same time
Friends gave me some korean face masks for Christmas. I don’t have any routine skin care(i know I’m that bad) and tried it for the first time. Ang hirap talagang magpaganda
im tryna register for this bts game bUT THIS SHIT ALL IN KOREAN I AIN T STUDY ENOUGH
Do you ever think of a memory you had w someone and can’t tell if you miss them or just the memories bc same
I can’t sleep if it’s hot. I’m getting irritated af
Well, I’m glad I have friends to go to whenever. A lot of people don’t even have that.
I don’t really wanna go to school tomorrow
Haven't said this yet. But my fave movie actor is Henry Cavill aka Superman and there's. Movie he did for Netflix that I haven't watched yet. I want to but I don't bc it's a war movie and those aren't my fave
You didn’t fool anyone but yourself
Don’t mind me I get high and speak my mind
If you don’t like me don’t come smile up in my face
A big shout out to those in relationships. Shit is hard. Hopefully we all find that special someone that is worth all of the upset and frustration.
if I don't do my chambering now, what should I do?
Don’t go searching for answers you’re not ready for.
My name gets hit on a minimum of like 6 times a day at work. I ain't mad
I can accept failure, but I can't accept not trying. - Michael Jordan
When someone is so hurt letting them down nicely isn’t that nice
going to bed peacefully, knowing I didn’t do any of my homework and will have to cram tomorrow
I can't lie, I did love Oprah's speech. Just not the hyperbole surrounding it.
I really don’t know why I care so much about people who I know don’t even care/support me like I do for them
good morning hello i back did i miss you? i don't think some notes i was gone for little. but I'm here so what i miss?
So it's past 6am and I still haven't fallen asleep.. Stupid brain
I like my shit low key I don't need social media validation I never have & I Never Will
i don't even particularly like azura but she seems to always come home to me so now i feel like i gotta collect every variation of her
Everytime I see your name pop up in my notifications, I can't help but get excited and smile and have a quick urge to text you back fast...
imagine being in the same fucking plane as shawn I wouldn’t know how to react
She won’t drop out, her parents will look at her funny
Old ways won’t open new doors.
Lol I just looked in the mirror and I just would like to ask to be in ur prayers ain’t nun wrong w me I’m just ugly af thx
I didn't watch any of the #Golden Globes but saw Hugh Jackman didn't win. Glad to know I didn't waste my time with an award show that doesn't know what it's doing #He Is The Greatest Showman
Don't categorize yourself, create a category.
Can't sleeeeep thinking I'll miss my alarm, for it to be hours before it goes off social media check.. now wide awake. Fail !
I haven’t talked to hardly anyone all day :/
I’m really up like I don’t have to be on campus early to get a parking spot
"Because I can’t handle the nightmares. Not without you" - Katniss Everdeen
don’t do love don’t do friend i’m only after success
I’m tired but don’t wanna sleep. Oof
I can’t stop thinking about Call Me By Your Name. I was not ready for the film to happen to me.
i miss you a lot but i won’t be seeing you for a while :(
I wouldn’t trade this feeling, for anything in this world
/ don’t know you but heeey
I don’t even know what I’m working on a mixtape or a album
If it's something you'd be ashamed of BTS seeing, it shouldn't have been made.
I hope I don’t lose a best friend like you
anybody know how to sign up for superstar bts since i can't read korean?
i can’t stop crying over Oprah’s speech
If your dreams don't scare you they're not big enough
I don't know how we didn't see this collapse of civilization coming. All those couples with their joint FB accounts were a huge red flag.
Tana Mongeau still doesn’t follow me. I’m sad
Winter is my prime time for school because i can’t run away from my problems without my fingers turning purple and cracking from the cold
If these niggas don’t have to go to schoo,l then I don’t have to go to work simple
I never look forward to my birthdays and I don’t plan anything because 75% it don’t happen
Low key give a fuck low key don't give a fuck
i need to pack my bag but i don’t even know how long i’m staying in va
I'M TIRED I DON'T WANT TO DO ANYTHING TODAY I DON'T WANT TO GO TO SCHOOL KILL ME PLZ
OMFG I JUST REMEMBERED THAT WE DIDN’T CELEBRATE OUR 3RD MONTHSARY
Yt people love to explain all the reasons why they aren't racist. I wish y'all would take that same energy to figure out why what you said was fucked up
Getting Afterbirth+ for the switch was a mistake because now I physically can’t stop myself from playing and it’s going to be like 2015-2016 all over again
Let's be honest, Trump won't shut up about Hillary Clinton because he is DL (actually high-key to those of us who are EDUCATED) mad that he won, and now he has a shit ton of responsibilities he wasn't prepared for, that Hillary was.
My unpopular music opinion of the day is that I don’t like Close to Me by The Cure but Devo and Flock of Seagulls are under rated
For the past few days I was wondering why my life was so trash, but today I realized that God was working on the slick cause I really wasn’t ready for this thing I wanted so badly
That nigga 69 gay asf don't argue wimme
Goodbyes are only one side of the coin. You can't say goodbye until you've said hello. - Sakata Gintoki (Gin Tama)
Isn't it annoying when the only person who can make you happy is the same person who is the reason you're sad
"Scrambling and fighting to be heard" energy DEAD Hear me or don't hear me Enjoy me or miss out
don’t you just hate it when the wind blows your hair into a mess like nigga who tf even allowed you to touch me fking annoying ass wind go rape somebody else
20% of Kekistanis said that they don't like ice cream.
Did y’all see that Stanford half court game winner
if you ain’t rockin w me , let shit be known
I don't wanna get back into a relationship until I know it's solid, shit cause I'm not look stupid again
PSA don’t buy versace glasses their heavy and bend easily
//everyone here already has partners I can't find anyone..
emily is youtube famous and nobody even knows
If you quick to cut somebody off you wasn’t really fw them from the jump.
Let me know when you don’t like something cause i can’t read minds
“You should kill yourself” “Lmao Katja you think you’re just gonna get a reroll on death? Fucking idiot you don’t have anything to back that theory up. Dumbass.”
convincing myself that people don’t like me is an Olympic sport
It reminded me of Alec running around the grounds of the Institute trying to find Magnus, to make sure he isn't dead.
INS Arihant Nuclear submarine was damaged when water entered its propulsion chamber. Equipped with Nuclear tipped ballistic missiles. .is only india's operation ship. From last 10 months govt nothing to do solve the problem.
What if Trump is just plain ol' creepy? # Just say in
Card B and offset where a Publicity stung from the jump ... this isn’t news
We don't have to relive the pain every day to remember it happened # me too
This grown ass man once told me that his wife is obligated to give him sex no matter what even if she don’t want it she gone give it to him. That had to be the most disgusting shit I’ve ever heard in my life.
I don’t ask nor look for new friends because I been having the same ones for 10+ years and they solid to the bone. Plus bitches these days are devious, I might have to kill the bitch
Somebody needs to bathe Ajax, or else he won’t have good hygiene. Who’s up for a shower or bubble bath with him?
I gotta be up early I don’t know why I’m up
Tax season coming lol Erybody finna b on dey sadity shit for a month don’t call me when u bein yoself again
Just because I like something you post don’t mean I’m tryna get with you you obviously liked it too that’s why you posted it
My man and I both took time off next week cause we've been so busy working late nights, so haven't had much quality time...I can't wait
Having to deal with finding space for all my daughters shoes is something I didn’t expect to deal with so soon ..she has way too many
he’s a fucking r*pist and child molester ???? but grand I’ll just pretend he isn’t because I want to be in a movie
Real blacc love shit I won't find on social media
I can’t wait to go to New York in April
I have class at 9am and I can’t sleep
Reason 648 I don't want kids: Arkangel
I don’t care who you is I dislike smart talking people . Like no! I don’t care how you feel we both grown don’t get smart with me if I haven’t did nothing to you .
wow i can’t believe it’s already my last semester .. #c/o2018
High sex right below medium level drunk sex for me.
i guess i'm glad i didn't have vlive so i didn't see yugyeom dangrously tries to cook. it won't be good for my heart to see him holding a knife near his fingers.
keep the same energy that you have with me in private in public too .... Ima just leave this here
Spend money on people and you realize they won’t spend a dime on you
You can’t be scared to pull the motherfucking trigger on your dreams. -russ
I didn’t bite my inner lip once, but TWICE, when eating my fajitas. I was both physically hurt and mad at the same time.
So we're having stew tonight...I can't wait.
But it's only a maybe because you know he's so busy trucking all over that he doesn't have time to make a stop here and his girlfriend has to make all his plans for him
But: Things don't want to you comfort yourself with vague intentions betray my head. (I miss you) Where are still the girls
If buzz lightyear didn’t believe he was a toy, why did he freeze when people were around? /music plays
You can't surround a lion with a bunch of lazy sheep.
To me if a person moved on right after yall broke up the person that is there with them has been in the picture and it wasn't love
Soo my mom didn’t text me back but she posted on Snapchat
No way you can be THAT bitch if you don’t own a robe
No one really cares if it doesn’t help them
lowkey can’t wait for school tmrw but at the same time i wanna sleep all day
I want to play Superstar BTS but i don’t understand a thing from the website
Don’t you know I still love you more than anything
I'm kinda hurt when I see "new carat won't understand the things... new carats don't experience this things.. new carats can't blahblah" kind of tweets because is it my fault that I didn't discover seventeen when they debuted or the past years? :( I mean--
I love you mama, papa. Please, I wanna stay with you forever, don't go please
I don't miss high school. I miss the people who got me through it. Sometimes I even think about the memories and it's what keeps me going in the Army.
lol na fr people don’t text me anymore
And it ain’t no pressure when it come to me and u
I was hot all day I couldn’t get it together today ..
𝐋𝐚𝐝𝐲 𝐁𝐢𝐫𝐝 winning Best Film but Greta Gerwig not winning Best Script and not even being nominated as Best Director is yet another reminder that, in Hollywood, a woman’s talent is often overlooked if a man’s name isn’t attached to it, too.
Sometimes we get attached to our plateau's and don't want to leave, but those places are not the final chapter of our book. We must climb higher and write new chapters. Sometimes without the same supporting cast. That is life and growth though. Anything else is decay.
I want to get noticed by troye but I don’t know how to without insulting his promo tactics
If y’all don’t want to spray em the health department will
I know it's been a while, I don't mean to pry But when I asked you if you're happy I didn't hear a smile And that don't sound like you
when i was younger you used to think if you declared bankruptcy that meant you robbed a bank
Don't play no games with me shawty, this ain't no scrimmage
Trying to sleep is the worst! Just ain't happening tonight
FYI, I am going to take a week or two off of social media. I need Mental Clarity!
I appreciate all my brothers and sisters I grew up with and still remain close friends with. I’m talking about 6-11+ years of friendship. I wouldn’t trade them for the world
okay guys I’m done w/ the twitter beef bc ain’t no one finna whoop or pull up on me. so gn
You don’t wanna make this work You just wanna make it worse
I am on my way. I can go the distance. I don't care how far, somehow I'll be strong. –Hercules
making myself sad thinking about all the dogs that aren't being petted rn
Or tetiba nak marah like wth??! If you don't like your job you can just quit. Find another job. No students needs to deal with all-the-time-pms DSA
If I see u got a bitch when u follow me I don’t follow back. If I find out later I just mute you.
I can’t wait for the sun to start coming up early. I do hate running in the dark.
im waaay to caught up with BTS i don’t have time for a relationship
I realllllllllyyyy fw the hair. I.T brings out your whole face and everything lol
doing good so far as far as money management. first time in a long time i haven’t had to blow my check on unfortunate shit.
"""I swear when I bend over backwards for you, all you do is laugh cos it ain't good enough."""
i ran six miles today and lost two pounds last week y’all can’t tell me shit
forgive buh don’t forget , keep ya head up!
Most bitches from Beaumont don’t have SHIT going for themselves. Which is why i wouldn’t give one from out here my time.
If you don’t fight death, it will just move in. - Charles Bukowski
I’m not gonna wait until your done pretending you don’t need anyone
I don't like when they clip ears tho
Imma forgive , I won’t forget. But imma dead the issue
You don't get what you wish for, you get what you work for.
Don’t know how tf Ima wake up tomorrow
i don’t understand how guys think bluntly saying “you’re hot” to a girl is gonna get them anywhere. lol hit me up when you learn what respect means
I can't sleep because my knees hurt too much from the weather change. This is what 28 feels like.
all I've had today are crackers I couldn't even have my cake I'm so sad :-(
I really wish people wouldn’t torture dogs because it hurts my heart so bad that I shed tears about it for days
koichi: -he didn't deserve any of the shit he had to go through -no one??? idk?? -all of his classmates -"let's kill da hoe BEEEETCH" was uncalled for -he grows to a normal height
why can't people just have a day at school once a week and let you relax instead or making you stress 24/7
HIV & AIDS is family so y’all shouldn’t talk about them ppl family like dat
AWAY ALIVE PAYING ATTENTION TO 10 MONEY FOR A HEAD CAN'T COME DOWN THERE FOREVER HUNGRY I MISS YOU TORN FRESH I MISS YOU
How the F u want me to want u wen u don't even know wat u want outta life # have goals # in securities # keep u r head up
I should have taken off today too
Whoever keeps calling me- FUCK OFF & grow up
I might want it but I don't need it
I don’t want to wake up tomorrow
Morning it’s Monday very cold and you don’t get paid till end of month,may your coffee be strong and the next 2weeks go very quickly . Enjoy your Monday morning commute.
My relative tried to say the mexicans down here (garden city, Kansas) are dangerous and im like lol isn't every white person here loaded to the teeth with firearms lmaoooo
You don't loose any sleep , when you don't have anyone out here disappointing & embarrassing you !
Don’t NOTHING move til I sign shit
The college is trying to sell the textbook I need for $430 and I just bought it on amazon for $106 sorry matsu but you aren’t hustling me
Some people just get older but don’t grow up.....
my brain won't stop playing The Growlers an i feel like a headass but i lov them
I will never talk down. I still got mad love ya know. Just don’t make me regret being so nice now.
Don't compare her to your ex.
//Quiz... I didn't see this coming. Ha.
I just want too be left alone I can never get a break I just can't do this no more a this point I'm just done with everything
I’m glad I don’t know. I want to approach every love I choose with all of me... and one day someone will want the real deal with me. The forever ever.
They jst wanna beef w me for no reason & they only hurting baby not me ain't my mfn family
I think alot and run to twitter because if imma have an listening ear that don't say shit back might as well use twitter.
Classes start in 2 weeks and I haven’t bought any of my books
Stop fucking spewing that “right person, wrong time” bullshit PLEASE— y’all can make it about God or astrology lol but seriously you either want that shit or you don’t goodnight
I’m trying to stay in school for a long time so I don’t have to pay 9.99 for Apple Music
I don’t trust anyone who promises anything with a handshake. I require a pinky swear and some valuable collateral. #Life Lessons
For the record, Metz wasn't out of tune. You were, Erickson, but he didn't know and that's bad enough.
if you don't hype your dog up when you walk in the door you don't deserve to have one
You were a moment in life that comes and goes A riddle, a rhyme that no one knows A change of a heart, a twist of fate Couldn't fix it, it's too late
I matched with this girl on tinder and we’ve had a 4 hour intellectual conversation about microdosing and dragon ball super. I don’t know if I just made a good friend or a found my future wife.
Need two wins for an order so I can stop playing, but if course the game is repeatedly giving me shit teammates who can't get over 5 kills and just team kill in spawn.
And yet, it wasn’t good enough was it.
Didn't Oprah and Meryl and many others swoon over Harvey and now they have a cause! Hollywood Hypocrites the Nasty Women! # g lo den globes 2018
So I literally straight up cannot play pocket camp anymore it won't update
SN: i REALLY wish that scar wasn’t on my damn chin
I shouldn’t use Twitter when I’m hi. lol
my soulmate just don’t know he’s gonna marry the best neurosurgeon in america
I don’t want it, don’t want it if it ain’t meant.
Placed 13th today. Was really shaky today, but eventually that will change.
Time is flying my baby fixing to be a 1 year old next month..
Happy I didn’t grow up stuck up & thinking only expensive nice things matter
Loved can't tested by kisses, but the fine felling is the testor
Hmmm the other side is scary, I shouldn't have peeked lol.. This side is a bit better
okay so i’m trying to finish my hw but i can’t stop thinking about how my LAST hs ball season starts in 12 days. i’m not okay.
so glad my first class ain’t till 1
That ain't a fault of Empire though. The GM is fucking dumb, and someone smarter and higher up on the chain stepped in and corrected it.
Didn’t miss this malarkey - getting up at 5am. Still half watt thru the night man!! #Back To Bed
must not be meant to be
Still haven't started that history project and its due Wednesday
Goodnight, if it’s not about sending me money don’t hml
This is me. This is my life. Whatever do you say about my life, I don't care! Take it or leave it.
i have an almost 3 hour class tomorrow and it sounds SCARY i didn’t know it was gonna be like this. presentations in groups for 20 minutes? individual ones for 5? analyzing whole scripts? YIKE but i guess we’ll see how it goes
I don't see why I can't have it all.
I haven't fucked a bitch with hella tattoos yet. I ain't living life right
And please if you’re going to complain abt fujoshi, at least don’t be one of those ppl that just completely sexualize a perfectly good female character and just talk abt fucking her, ur just as bad as whatever image of fujoshi u have
Asian doll is so good I can't even
hahahaha Pao i can't with your expressions today. #A L D U B Steadfast
"Anything I can get you? More coffee? I think I'll get myself some. Sure you don't want more coffee?" # all star trek
I imagine the Disaster Artist is way better if you haven't already seen #The Room
Even worse when it's from people who actually know you.
If you haven't yet, I'd advise you to watch the end of the fucking world on Netflix
My favs both kyungsoo and Lay won't be coming to Dubai as of now.. But its okay I get to see the others..
because they don't have a Google/YouTube account...I mean...it's fucking astronomical!! SO MANY PEOPLE!! and I am merely one of them...;D No WONDER I feel so.....ant-like..ha ha!
Leia doesn't give a shit. She has those Padme genes of super competence
I hate the fact that the shit that really bugs me deeper than I express, if i did I don’t think anybody would understand.
the smile on your face the only thing I can’t read
If you don’t believe in monogamy in your relationship then why do you consider it cheating when your romantic partner has sex with someone else?
Our store is probably closing too, but we don’t know when. The mall sucks
If you’re not all about your girl, don’t call her your girl
ain’t none of yo friends business.....what we do.
“It wasn’t yesterday or today it was tomorrow”
Holtmann doing Holtmann things at OSU. Couldn’t be happier for him! # Butler #OSU
sometimes when people come over and i don't feel like wearing pants i'll gather up everything i think i'm gonna need and i'll sit on the couch in my underwear with a blanket over me and not get up
Pero real talk yung dream, ha. I just find it weird to dream about a person u don't know. I'm not even sure if he exists
Vibe 1680 #Now Playing Can't Get Enough Of Your Love - Barry White
In bed with my love right now and I hate when I can't sleep because I'll just stare at her sleeping.
I don’t think my legs have ever been this exhausted from hockey before. Pulled out the win tho
fayette county is really helping my senioritis because i wasn't going to school tomorrow anyways
Why can’t I be happy...all I ask is for one minute
I’m sad my boo Timothèe didn’t win anything
Wow, the number of people who don't realize that India is part of Asia is shocking.....
Darth Vader would suck at playing hide and go seek.
Wake up feeling like u won’t play right
Timeline? Time isn't made out of lines, it is made out of circles! That's why clocks are round. :p
niggas kill me, you wasn’t trying to be my boyfriend before, leave me alone
Honestly only people I like socializing with don’t go to school anymore or don’t go to the same school & it sucks
Why don't you have a flag, that is colored half pink, half another color, or colors?
I ain’t gone put in effort talking to anyone anymore.
First night back and People couldn’t wait to bring they hoes over
Life only hits you as hard as you let it if you don't let it get you down it won't, but idk if I can do this anymore ..
It's funny how ppl said "that's it. I am done with the Golden Globes/ Oscars" because their favorite film didn't win. And yet they still watch it.
I knew I shouldn't have watched Coco when the wound is still so fresh from losing loved ones.
I can't wait for this baecation I need to get out of this cold weather
I don’t know how we always losing to England # A s h e s
just because i forgive you, doesn’t mean i still fw you
Let us hope I don’t fall asleep in class later
Cause i can’t believe this shyt
Still waiting at the airport... I'm so bored... Can't wait to get on the plane...
Twitter is hilarious with this Oprah bullshit.
Treating your girl right isn't being whipped lol.
After nearly two weeks of struggling and trying to ignore that it wasn't just "stress," a friend had to help me out of bed, and drove me to urgent care to see someone. Another friend talked me through my suicidal ideations when I was panicking.
now that the au is over i won't cuss anymore hahaha
Sometimes I wish I could go back in time and find Video Tapes I might still have old shit on. Why don't I think of these things ahead of time.
I. Need. To. Go. To. Sleep. But. I. Can’t.
“why don’t you just say ‘I peep you’” “um that’s like so last year”
And if they thought her aimless, if they thought her a bit mad, let them. It meant they left her alone. Marya was not aimless, anyway. She was thinking.
Devilman Crybaby completely caught me off guard. So, uhhh…I’m guessing that we aren’t getting a season two, huh?
i really don't wanna go to school tomorrow i don't wanna suffer again
someone,, called me,, homophobic,, because i said,, i didn't want to,, watch call me by your name
Need to get a new balance team at this point, don't ruin overwatch like you almost did HOTS, they know who they are over there and having a troll as a director is is a bad idea... (S)
Remember, kids, cybercrime doesn’t pay fiat currency.
Except we're not. I had 3 exams and a practicum final review upcoming when I absolutely lost all will to do any thing, couldn't get out of bed, stopped eating well, stopped bathing, had no desire or energy to even wake up in the morning.
Lotta negativity on here after the Globes tonight. Can’t we all get along and just go back to collectively hating our president?
I'm a sweaty mess. Guys don't leave your house today
poor kira i’ve been promising her i’d read her fics for roughly a year and i couldn’t even tell you what they’re about sndndk she deserves better somebody kill me
Nothing is more important than my son. I won’t give up, I’ll sleep when I’ve accomplished all of my goals. My son is my . I will do whatever it takes to ensure he is well taken care of.
fuck god love Zander but I am definitely drugging myself tonight to sleep, he just won't stop barking at any little noise
I know you had a big part of all this. Might be a reasonable place to start if somebody doesn’t give me leak info.
I don't call back , yeah it's me, I know.
Being tired doesn’t get the time of day because you have to care for the love of your life
It's gotten to the point where I don't even need alcohol to make shit decisions
What's been found anew after it was lost won't again easily go missing. What's been actively retrieved becomes firmly strengthened.
Having a child makes you be stronger than you ever thought you could be. Giving up doesn’t cross your mind.
It’s cool i ain’t gon block you cause i want you to see me
& don’t misinterpret what I’m saying. Cause twitter real good for this.
this time around I won’t make the same mistakes I did in the past.
shoutout to all the people I’ve never met face to face but can make me happier than someone I’ve known for years. you guys are the real mvp’s cause without you I wouldn’t have a source of joy and happiness in the world
If you can’t say it to ME then I ain’t worried
We aren’t allowed to give up. We just have to push through no matter how we feel.
if you brought up what you did for me, you shouldn’t have done it i get of that
Don’t tell me you’re gonna call me with some gossip in 15 mins and then wait 30.... Bro
I want a love that make me feel like I ain’t breaking ya heart
They playing Travis Scott and Miley Cyrus it’s time for me to go home
recently i've been listening to ghost quartet a lot and i just wanna say that it's been two months and i still can't listen to gelsey's verse in four friends without losing functionality
School starts tomorrow can't wait to be stressed again
And uno what? I’m not bothered cus I’ve grown up and i haven’t seen in change or maturity in her and I don’t wanna be around that energy. We’re still cool n see each other sometimes but that’s abt it.
Can't relate to anyone's "fake friends" posts. The man upstairs blessed me with amazing people. Grateful for them everyday
His quirk kinda looks like this: "ThaT's ToTally unfair, by my name ThaT sword is mine//" T's are capitalized cuz they look like little swords and he ends every sentence with // cuz its like a sword sheath !!!! -
We go back to school tomorrow and im chillin in bed acting like i don’t have homework to finish
Walking outside it don't feel like no 34, they lying to me
I don’t deal wit attitudes well. U take ur mad ass tf on somewhere...
If you ain’t blood to me you bothering, & if you ain’t cuz to me you cluttering.
Ugh I hope my teachers for this term aren’t all corny making you present yourself and all that
I don't understand what the Globes are even about lol I just check the tweets and I'm guessing I ain't missin out
harry doesn’t need to pronounce obviously like that
I can’t stop a movie halfway through I gotta watch it all the way until the end. It’s about the experience
Can’t wait to see all you hoes and fake niggas tomorrow
So sad, our net won't let us access via cellphone. And now my desktop needs a repair. Tell Me how can i stream in this situation?? #INFINITE comeback trials!!!
Didn't bother with Golden Globes. Should I have? Guess not.
But how am I supposed to wait another year for Black Mirror. I don’t have anything else that’s that nihilistic. # black mirror # net f l i x
If a chick doesn't have instagram u need to cuff her immediately
i wanted more diversity on my timeline i don’t care about the vs or a billboard
i’m not supposed to be a fool, i just can’t help myself, i just can’t let you go
I can’t wait till the summer
A miracle that turns my 5 units into 14 W h a t a d r e a n
That's just something to do , and it ain't nothing to do ......
I genuinely don’t understand why some girls can just disklike you with no reason given.
There it goes up in the sky, there it goes beyond the clouds. For no reason why, I can’t cry hard enough....
You hoes don’t make no type of sense
One time when we were in hs tay and I made court bong water and fish food and she threw up all over the living room floor...lmao we were thriving and we didn’t even know it
You say you can't live without me, so why aren't you dead yet? Why you still breathing?
I don't beg. I'll let you walk away if that is what you want.
Thinking positively isn't about expecting the best to happen every time, But accepting that whatever happens is the best for this moment
Oli: I’m gonna take an anxiety shit on your bed Me, in tears: please don’t
I don't mind not to sleep cause the life was made to feel.
I'm happy to see so much Devilman content but I feel bad for the people who haven't read the manga/ finished Crybaby and get immediate spoilers on Twitter.
I’ve also learned to grow out of people this year, 11th grade work hit me at full force n I ain’t even peep till I realized I don’t talk my best friend anymore.
i still do not know what happened with millie and why she didn’t arrive with the cast please :) somebody :) tell :) me :)
This boy will say sumn wild af and when u comment on it he swear he ain’t say it ....I mean this nigga will flip the script so fast
Don't hate them. Thank them inside. Learn from them. Hope that their soul finds peace in this universe and lifetime.
how could i have ever been ashamed of loving dante quintana?
i'm bilingual if you didn't already know
I said put your filthy hands all over me. And no this ain't the clean version. And what you gonna do with all that meat? Cookin' up a mean servin'
I don’t trust no nigga. I done seen too much and heard too much, these guys are savage and you always gotta be one step ahead to win their games.
Spirit's Airlines told them to get off of the plane because they were stink!!! I don't have to but I am.
There is not a day or night I don't get an I love you
I don’t think I’ll ever be good enough for anyone tbh
i haven't talked a lot to a bunch of you in this past month but know that i'm always having moments where i'll stop and remember people specifically and hope you're doing good
I really don’t see the point in this app
#Signs Of Love Sickness When your puppy has an upset tummy but doesn't want to leave a mess for you to clean up so he eats it. He loves you so much.
I’m laying here can’t sleep messaging Millie Bobby Brown about how much I love her
Don’t mess with people right before they go to sleep or right when they wake up. This ain’t what you want leave me the hell alone
Forgetting someone and not thinking abt someone are two different things.. Not thinking abt your past doesn't mean u had forgot abt it.
Don't be in such a hurry. Time is nothing compared to human life. #Drive Calm 2018-01-07T22:20:30.933286
Eli Manning didn’t win the Giants 2 Super Bowls the Giants D won Eli Manning 2 Super Bowls. He was a good QB but he was never great. 2007 SB - 23 TD 20 INT 73 QBR 2011 SB - 29 TD 16 INT 92 QBR
"We can't live without Your love!"
Kylie Jenner isn’t showing her face to the media because shes actually pregnant and Khloe is faking her pregnancy so Kylie can give her the baby once its born and it will be like Kylie never got pregnant. Yall welcome.
I don’t even have a desire to go to prom now
Dis gonna end soon!! Can’t wait
If you don’t, I hope you let me know.
So like I can’t sleep so I’m screwed
If it isn't making you happy, stop doing it.
i don't understand how ya hate water
Let’s just be honest , everybody ain’t real but a lot of ppl fake
I'm seriously not arguing with mofos this year. I don't even argue with my man and my kids don't try me so I definitely ain't giving that energy needed for an argument for mofos who don't contribute.
My tweets wasn't really about u, but if the shoe fits then lace that btch up and wear it.
i don't usually do this less I'm drunk or I'm high but im both rn
so i don't understand unity versions. i'm on 5.something, but there's one called 2017? should i upgrade?
Don't worry about people talking behind your back, they're behind you for a reason.
I don’t want to be in the mindset of “no class tomorrow” cause then I’ll stay up all night
haven’t gotten much sleep in the past couple of days so a good night’s rest is very much needed right now
I thought the jump scares in chapter 13 , were the ‘horror game’ element, but I didn’t imagine it going beyond that ><.
i don’t like going to the gym i’m never comfortable doing that kind of stuff around other people
Mom twitters fucking wild. Girls can’t even have their own opinions anymore without someone getting dumb ass bothered and bashing her for shit that has nothing to do with them.
I'm about to die aren't i
Is it just me or did we not just get out of break like last week tf. Let me enjoy my freedom that I don't have bc I work everyday :')
I should be stressed but I just can’t give a shit atm
When you do the minimum so you can't fail but in reality you already failed
I don’t want to be in vegas
but I don’t have time for a lightyear trip too many moves that I just won’t skip
They people ain’t your friends they just use you to the end
if all you're going to do is just play games, don't bother talking to me
Its just meaningless to expect somebody to be same as You. because YoU can't hold someone's right hand in your right hand to walk Together... #Monday Motivation
I don't want this feelin' I can't afford love I try to find a reason to pull us apart It ain't workin' 'cause you're perfect And I know that you're worth it I can't walk away
Look at the size of this footprint, I haven't seen feet this big since my great-grandmother!
of course the website won’t load
All the criticisms of the golden globes tonight are correct but people seem to be looking over the fact that Ridley Scott was nominated for best director and Greta Gerwig wasn’t.
Whyyyyyyy do guys think it’s a slick move to send unsolicited dick pics like noooo I don’t wanna see that ty v much
At least I didn't get rained on this morning. 4 miles for #R E D January day 8. # running #247 running
I want a lesbian anime that doesn't involve school girls...
Even her family members texting me talking about how trashy my ex is I can’t even, nasty ass hoe.
I don't consider Trump to be a success because he's rich. I consider America to be a failure because it allowed him to be.
i think i might binge zac & mia again can’t wait to cry!
i bought a cute little planner last January. it has all of 2 pages marked up. i am not playing myself this year with my fake attempt at adulthood
#Big Little Lies don't say big or little lies
Haven’t gone to six flags in a mind I need to go
also don't stick with me i suck dude
Your risk is practically very low. You don't have to pay upfront fees or commissions like with some other systems. #F X Robot #F X System
I don't think I'll ever be as excited about this, grab tickets before they go!
Feeling like I can't doesn't mean its true.
Reluctant to take off your makeup at the end of the day, because everyone else have seen you, but you haven’t seen your makeup self since the morning.
Imagine a future overflowing with endless possibilities. Don't give up because you failed once or things didnt work out last time. Keep GOING. Keep TRYING. Keep WORKING. Keep HOPING. Keep BELIEVING. Keep PRAYING. Your time will come. Morning # hope check #
I’ve been loyal and I’ve stayed down! Nobody can’t tell me different.
Death Grips doesn’t want to give us an album? That’s fine. Fuck them. I’ll make my own Death Grips album.
I haven’t posted a nigga since 2014, let me get played in peace.. thank you
Me: AWP is less than 2 months away and I’m NERVOUS. Matt: You should be. Don’t fuck up your entire life and purpose by not being awesome.
Mean Kitty's Music Purrrfection Is now playing My Girl by Madness!
I can’t sleep because of it but it’s too late to take some night time pain relief!
"I got real shit to stress about, girl, I ain't worried 'bout shit. Remember that I tried to build ya, now I ain't worried 'bout shit"
so my gf and i have set up the vivariums we got ready for when we get our blue tongued skink n the cat has claimed one for herself, she just walked in and laid down and hasn’t come out
I don't feel like moving in tomorrow..
Rn I’m tryna get my shit together so I can live good so if you you ain’t really fucking wit me don’t fuck wit me
i can’t wait to fw with somebody that actually wants to fw me no forcing, no begging, no questioning everything just real and genuine
we need to get a remote boat with cam for the river during migration .. just don't let James drive LOL # safari live
Just had phone sex and now I'm stalking young moms on Twitter.... I want a kid so bad but also I can't have a kid through the phone
Don't bother if you can't handle a little toxicity and some passive aggressiveness
I love how people don't invite us to anything anymore so we just sit at home like an old couple it's fine we don't need plans
It’s easy for a feminist to speak their mind. Then bash you when they are proven wrong. Call you names then mute you so you can’t respond back. Talk about lazy
MY MAIN GOAL IS TO BLOW UP! AND THEN...ACT LIKE I DON'T KNOW NOBODY! Ahahahahaha
good where I won't be too bothered by the geographic errors that all Chicago-set movies/shows manage to make.
Reminder: take your meds I missed a couple of days of mine and I can't stop crying over something has yet to happen and is hopefully decades away Fuck you brain
don’t mind me I’m just reaching for your necklace, talking to my mom about this little girl from texas
Love me forever , don’t ever get tired of me
you don’t realize you need someone until they are gone.
I’m telling Shane I want my braids back & telling him like why I can’t get them now and this nigga says “let me do em. I can braid”
I would love to kno why I have an F in algebra when she hasn’t given me any of the papers she marked as a 0????
you think i work so hard for my future? you fool. i work so hard so i don't have to move back home.
I just really don’t see myself being with one person forever.
Sometimes it is to foretell events. -DUNLAP AUCKERMAN
i’m glad i don’t have tutorial tomorrow but i do have a voice lesson and my mouth still hurts when i open it.. gonna have to down some advils
Don’t take advice from someone who doesn’t follow it themselves
Is that why you're not only divorced, but also abandoned your child? Pretty sure it might kill you to consider someone other than yourself. Don't let that ego weigh you down... # N a r c i s s ist # Self is h #Self Righteous #Self Obsessed #Your Ego Is The Biggest Thing About You #And Its Fake # sad
WHATS WRONG WITH MY LIFE ? T^T
Tbh I don’t love the trend of making small insta stories. Make them big!!! Let the world see where you are!!
Those who have succeeded at anything and don't mention luck are kidding themselves. -Larry King
there's a reason you don't see celebrities or other unqualified enthusiasts proclaim to have extensive knowledge as mathematicians or astrologists as opposed to politics, being a politician no longer yields the same amount of respect or aptitude
Live moves on don’t stay in the past
Practice isn't the thing you do once you're good. It's the thing you do that makes you good. — Malcolm Gladwell # quote
Ok, everyone really needs to go on a church retreat. It’s so beautiful and pure, ya girl got a reality check and I won’t take that moment back for anything at all. I am so blessed for my family and friends :’)
: yo wtw kid. I know you don’t go to western no more but when you come visit htl g. We can link I got a crib lbs
stop giving somi cute dress n hairstyle...doesn’t fit her at all
I did everything I did during the semester but without the procrastination. Like, you don't even know how much free time I had.
If you put all the liberals in the U.S. in one state & made it into It's own autonomous nation they would all go insane because they wouldn't have anyone to subjugate with their stupid laws. It's the core tenant of their beliefs to subjugate others.
really spent all day rotting away when i could have done my homework esp bc i didn’t have a lot and irl sent me hers
I can't wait to get more tattoos
Still can't get how a nigga would abandon his own kid, his own blood.
You can’t help someone who doesn’t want help.
In you! You, the things I don’t give yourselves to love.
And my aunt keeps telling me I met JT, but ... much like most of his music, it was a forgettable experience because I don't remember. At all.
i'm gonna unapologetically be myself and i honestly don't care anymore if you like it
I haven't had an anxiety attack in ages and tonight I don't know what it is but I'm not ok rn
I don’t like those that fw you when they need something
You won’t catch me stressing over anyone
I don’t have a problem with ANYONE so if a b!tch don’t like me she’s beefing with herself
Hmm I wonder why Michigan didn't try to recruit Devonte Lee
i’m surprised my phone isn’t completely done yet considering how many times i’ve dropped it
They can’t see you like I can. Oh but anyone who knows what love is will understand..
I really need to work on being more patient.
You could’ve told me, you weren’t happy, I know you didn’t wanna hurt me.
Niggas talk all that shit but don’t have the balls to say it to my face
at least the bts fandom didn't have to deal w suzie_shooter
you’re just mad bc I ain’t giving you the attention anymore
im up af and my baby knocked tf out
This girl really said “My Camara ain’t corporating with me today”.......
someone asked me to check them and their mans synastry and then continuously said “i don’t actually believe in it but idk it’s fun” so im done
Tired yet I don't wanna go bed. Makes complete and total sense
No work tomorrow... So I’m staying up until I can’t keep my eyes open.
niggas are billionaires going to SLEEP at 4am and getting up at 12pm. Fuck outta here, clown
They change on me but man I swear I won’t change
“Please stay where you are, don’t come any closer”
I literally never ever listen to voicemails so don't even bother leaving one.
I don't want today to end, but I better take my butt to sleep :/
I can't believe all that training I did through love live is going to come in handy
i have work until midnight and then tomorrow i have work from 4pm-midnight i don’t wanna do this anymore
I drive like a jackass. I’ll be the first to admit that.... might as well just call in tomorrow because I value my sleep. My ass won’t be up any earlier than normal.
When sza said, “Why I can't stay alone just by myself? Wish I was comfortable just with myself. But I need you...” I felt that in my soul and my bones
Anything is possible, obstacles don't mean much.
someone saying “the end of the fucking world” revolves too much on mental illness and doesn’t portray it well. and then says that “to the bone” is the most accurate portrayal
Me: oooooh, look at that wine rack! Also me: won’t have my own apartment for at least 9 months
I can eat ass perfectly fine yet can't swallow Yes I'm still stuck on this lmao
# now playing IT AIN'T ME by KYGO FEAT. SELENA GOMEZ
Grind don’t stop! Only moving luv all u guys! Blessed to have such great supporters in my life
I ain’t trynna stress about anyone anymore
Whenever I take the long way around, there are things I come to see I didn't think getting there fast was all there was to it
I wish I still had my car
Wondering if you think about me actually, don't answer that
I’m depressed horror movies now don’t fulfill my needs
You shouldn't stay as my friend anymore. If we go back to being friends. I won't be able to live with that.
Confession: I hate ugly boobs...I'll cut you off quick b/c of them...I know it's not something that can be controlled but...
But I honestly loved ladybird and Allison Janney is incredible. I’m honestly just upset that “remember me” didn’t win best song
I really don’t talk to anybody. I have no outgoing or incoming calls/text today.
You published my research in your name again. Did you think wouldn't find out?
Some of y’all voice y’all opinions that don’t even matter
Anne Hathaway skipped the Golden Globe Awards tonight, apparently because she was sick. But was she really sick? I guess we'll have to sit with not knowing, and it won't be easy.
A lot of folks don’t seem to be taking the Oprah thing seriously. I see things completely differently. I believe she would shred anyone that stood against her in the D primaries. It would not be close.
They Can’t Kill Us Until They Kill Us ruined me on the way home
At the Death Grips show where I was a damn chocolate chip in a bowl of milk a white girl behind me literally said “Niggas On The Moon” and I just didn’t even waste my breath.
Most of my life don’t make it to the internet
The semester starts tomorrow...I can’t do this.
Don’t give up! There’s no shame in falling down! True shame is to not stand up again! -Shintaro Midorima
It’s been over a month and my sleeping schedule still isn’t right
orange juice & apple juice definitely top 5
Hope Tokyo mirage sessions is ported so I don't gotta buy another Wii U
Watched the entire season of Ozark in a day # lazy sun day
I Stayed With The Hustle, They Wouldn’t Give Us Nothing. I Keep Trying And Trying Again..
6. I actually don't know. I turned on Jazz 88.3 and didn't pay a lot of attention before I turned it off and left the room. It was probably post big band though
"If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree." Jim Rohn # quotes # self develop men t # growth # change
i really don’t understand how people do this on a daily basis it’s so nerve wracking....it’s like mario kart’s rainbow road but there’s no pausing and if you fall off you die forever plus side: no banana peels or shells !
Why can’t i have any guy friends that just wanna be friends?
That yangsnake didn't give a shit about RR 100M streaming.. Don't expect anything from him..
tana if u go and see brooke & maddie, stan twitter won’t call u out for all the dumb shit ur gonna do for A MONTH
I miss my bby so so much! Can't wait to see him
Others complained about the lack of sex to go with all this apparent amorous activity, particularly at the weekend (Etta James, Mousse T), and may even have gone absent in disgust
i don't know why i always try to please other people when they probably don't even deserve it
if it ain’t better than eating ass then i’m straight on sushi
I’m so glad I don’t have school mondays
I don’t stress the nigga out that’s why he never leave I’m that nigga peace
Me and Brandon are looking at getting a puppy when he finishes school and we actually have a place to call our own. Don’t know what kind of pups to get if we decide to get a certain breed what do ya all suggest? Lol
Don't expect the same SHIT again boleh tak babi?
Everybody keeps telling me to move on, but I can’t seem to go anywhere without you
If it wasn’t a gift I wouldn’t care but I guess you gotta live without some stuff when you never want to speak to someone again.
|| lucifer: you know what... you're both off the hook-- Stitches and zero: yes! *ten minutes later* *They're both tied together, dangling above a pit of hellhounds* Zero: ...fuck Stitches: ...damn Lucifer: YOU THOUGHT BITCHES
I normally don’t stop anyone But I can’t lose you
Don’t Be A Goofy In 2k18
dylan has the prettiest side profile i can't stand it and i hate him for it
I just got home though and I've started it. Can't wait to watch all these women prove that they should've been the hosts instead.
Good morning. Have a good day at work. Try not to need bail money. Drink water. Listen to a happy song. Have a blessed day! Ps- I’m going to have coffee & pain meds and pray I don’t strangle anyone!
*People don't. I can't even write right... sighs
y does food taste so much better when you high
Can't get you out of my mind now.
These niggas ain’t Mob fr #RR
I automatically don’t trust you if you have a problem with 1) Beyonce or 2) Oprah. You’re just weird at this point.
People always quick to judge and talk all this shit as if they ain’t had their own issues.
And if my students can't safely wrestle with those concepts and ideas in a space where they are loved and accepted, they're going to be unprepared for life outside the bubble. And that's the exact opposite of my job description.
Can't wait to see #오마이걸 #비밀정원 # secret garden # comeback !!! D-1
feel like a bean when I don’t have headphones
Ever work on a video for so long that you just wind up hating it and can’t wait to share it so you can never look at it again?
Really inspiring to see all the celebs fighting for journalists, tonight. Not that we don’t have a voice, but being recognized as a powerful group that needs to be supported beyond the stories we tell, is incredible. # golden globes # party like a journalist
freya has grown on me and we don't even fucken talk havdnan
hey u huge bitch how bout u don’t fucking act like a serial killer
Don't know if I'm cumming or going... Might be a bit of both
I don’t really have a type at all when it comes to looks, I really just like who I like
Planning on going on a trip this week just don’t know where to go
If y’all don’t stop using y’all HAIR for edges
I'm all for outing Hollywood sleaze and holding rapists to account, but isn't the Kirk Douglas/Natalie Wood thing based on a single blind item posted anonymously 5 years ago? Or is there some other basis?
The humans are as exhausting as ever. I'm surprised they haven't exterminated themselves by now. Of course, what would I do without them?
So my roommate hadn't see me all day and called to make sure I hadn't overdosed in my room. And honestly? That might be the sweetest thing a girl has done for me in years.
Now Cincinnati clubs play shoot Ina club byeee ! Lol don’t nobody wanna hear that Memphis shit
My dumb ass gonna be up all hurt again. Bc what did I take a nap until 9:30pm for? Why.?
i can't believe this is happening
Dale mami bota baby don't stop
should i go to sleep early for once in my life? let me know in the comments below!! and don’t forget to SMASH that like button
i need some sleep it can't go on like this
I Can’t Work a 9-5 I Run Up Them Racks For a Living
I’m really living life like I don’t have work in the morning
Her: you cute, can I have your number ? Me: I don’t have a phone. *phone rings* Me: *answers phone* hey babe This how I’m curving bitches for bae when I get one
Now You Wanna Be My Friend Naw You Ain’t Safe
~you coooo n cute but we don't talk like that
I gotta wake up early tomorrow and I ain’t happy bout it
I really wish I didn't feel like death
I really don’t give af honestly
Still not over the fact that one of my co workers just straight up drank another co worker’s drink tonight. Didn’t ask. No waterfalling it or anything
Life has a way of teaching us the hard way that it doesn’t pay off to get discouraged. Keeping busy with your passions and making optimism a way of life is a sure way to restore your faith in yourself.
i showed my mom the lady bird trailer and all she got from it was “young girl has lots of aspirations but doesn’t have the grades and means to achieve them”
It’s crazy how as you level up in life people really fall off the face of the earth like they can’t get in your server or somn
I don't understand how my dad thinks getting a B means I'm on academic probation smh
Along came a spider ... Morgan Freeman as Alex Cross don't get any better
I can’t wait to see how many people slip on the way into school tomorrow
The director of 𝐋𝐚𝐝𝐲 𝐁𝐢𝐫𝐝, Greta Gerwig, wasn't nominated, even though her film was nominated for - AND WON - Best Picture. Natalie Portman was right to call out that bullshit. #Golden Globes
I don’t even want to think about going back to school omg no
Alec on the track ain’t no turning back
Idk how females get boyfriend after boyfriend like I can't even go on a date smh
On a come up this was just a minor setback for a major comeback
I’m sorry everyone but I just can’t do it anymore
Never thought I would say this, but September couldn’t come any sooner
People who pronounce “P” as “B” are worse than the ones who can’t pronounce “P”...
And being honest I don't even know how that correlates
she a mad bitch if she ain't fuckin wit me, suck dick
I meant ‘highest order’ re: the previous tweet
I've got to get my life assembled this year. I can't be the 2017, lame, wasted and careless me. Let's get things right and bright.
lmfao don’t be a hypocrite, you on here talking about how lonely you are too sis
If I tell you that I you, don’t play w me
he don’t want no smoke with Richie
I suck at making pies an cookies but the twins don’t
I can’t wait for this summer
I matriculated in 2009 I can't believe it's 9 years ago, wow
I keep it super real, I can’t pretend for nothin
I don’t be knowing what to do on days ion have to work during the week lol
Very frustrating when people assume that one action isn’t going to be followed by larger and more impactful ones. And so what a few used it to look like a good person, there’s still people making change who are trying and we gotta support that instead.
Karmas the reason they didn't burn witches in Salem, I think about it every day.
If you haven't seen the movie Stronger with Jake Gyllenhal then do yourself a favor.
sometimes I wish I had a bestfriend pa desahogarme but then again you can’t trust no one.
Crush: I want pizza Me: I want you but I guess we can’t always get what we want
Any other moms just stand up and stare at their clean living room and just soak it all in because you know it won’t last long?
my number doesn't fit in the pre-registration time to cry
DON’T TRUST MANY #TRUSTISSUES #DIEGO #FREEPRONTO #SDE
what happened to you lol we ain’t get nowhere
i get mad anxiety going into work because my fingerprint never works when i try to clock in and i get scared telling my supervisors/managers to clock me in cause it's always a problem with me and i don't wanna be annoying but i also need my hours
Even tho I didn’t grow up in a crazy traditional family, I still know that there isn’t any use in trying to hide shit from a medicine man
C***, here I go again with such wierd and barely explainable nightmares which don't make me sleep quitely!
whoever said money can't buy happiness, sorry but they were wrong
Golfer upstairs is taking a shower. From the sounds he isn't alone. Wish I could flush MY toilet & his water would go cold!
boys say "you play too much" , y'all the same mother fuckers that weren't down for me when i was. your chance is up boo...
i’m the most understanding person on the world . i don’t get why people be lying and doing me dirty all the time when my heart so forgiving
Incredibly proud of seeing someone mature who I couldn’t stand about a year ago. I’ve gained so much respect for you my dude
Everything that’s shining ain’t always gonna be gold
I can’t wait to workout tomorrow!
idk y'all white women couldn't get it together to make it so a flaming hot garbage cheeto wasn't put into office but you looove to make "Oprah 2020!" posts expecting black women to do the work and save your asses, just sayin
Hoping my girlfriend wakes up in the middle of the night so i don’t have to stay up alone and do my hair
So the fake race war is being exposed as a Soros ilk divide and conquer tactic...enter in...The Gender War. When will people learn? These Hollywood phonies don't speak for us. #Dont Believe The Hype # times up
I’ve being working on myself and trying not to make self deprecating jokes 24/7 but it’s honestly the only way I can make sense of things. I don’t know how to break that habit..
I've been on Amazon for awhile looking for stuff to buy and I haven't found anything so I guess I'm going to target now
Auto-correct always makes me say things I don't Nintendo.
really don’t want to make that call in like an hour...
Why am I up like I don’t have school tomorrow
the only reason i don't have a pinned cus every time i change my layout i need it to match too so that leads to a constant remaking of pinned tweets
Ever been so exhausted but you just can't sleep?
i think i favor selena gomez but others don’t see it lol
i just can’t fw h&m anymore
I’m so butt hurt I had to make a new one
Woke up geeking lol. I can’t wait To see u tho
You ain’t got the fight in you like I do
can’t be “Sis-ing” & “Bro-ing” everybody
That’s why i don’t ask not on person to do shit for me
Snapchat done found a new game that’s finna either get people caught up or beat up watch
I don’t even shoot my shot cause 9 times outta 10 imma miss
Apparently I’m the only person in the U.S. who didn’t watch the Golden Globes? And Oprah is now president? Was cooking pulled pork & watching #Rogue One # priorities
Put on a scarf that I haven’t worn in about a year and upon getting it damp it seems that I spilled beer all over it the last time I wore it.
My personality won’t allow me to show fake love
Wait whats this all about? I don't understand, can someone tell me ? Is it like their new songs? #B T Soutcast D5
[INFO] #하이라이트 #이기광 Kikwang will hold a concert called "LeeGikwang Mini Live 2018 [ONE]" on January 27 (6PM KST) and January 28 (5PM KST)
I can’t even sleep because we were talking about some bs thing and I had a dream of it and now I don’t want to sleep even if I wanted it to
I really don’t know why I care about some of the shit that bugs me.
bye im pissed off bc i can't preregister for superstar bts bc i don't have a korean phone number
Sometimes I wonder it would be like if I hadn’t made my internet name Wispen. There were a few other things it could’ve been, but now Wispen just seems so much more iconic. Like it’d be a crime to change it
i just wish I couldn’t went on the 4OU tour
Not finna go through my messages too see who I can talk too. Really don't wanna talk too no one either
i can't wait until vandead carnival so EVERYONE CAN SEE THAT I'M THE SWEETEST OF THE TRIPLETS AND THE [second] SWEETEST OF THE BROTHERS # aya to b o t
I truly can’t stand bad communicators lol
Even when you settle, you're still fighting to be there. So why don't you fight for where you want to be? # don t give up #Dream Big # keep pushing
I don't want a "female president." I don't want a "male president." I don't want a "white president." I don't want a "black president." I want a qualified president.
Wants a sewing machine, doesn’t know how to sew a button back on. #Wants Vs Needs
Wait til I get my money right
MyConcordia hasn't been working for 2 days. I literally don't know where my class is tomorrow so it should be a fun first day.
CALL: [AOA] ASSIST OUTSIDE AGENCY ADDR: 24400 BLK MADEIRA WY, LN D/T: 1/7/2018 9:04:40 PM #Laguna Nigel
WASN'T ABLE TO ENLIST CAUSE OF SLOW NET
Damn I ain't been on Snapchat in 3 months I prolly got one follower left lol
# et here um today! 1.5 K Let's do it R.T
William won't be long. He is an expert at making dicks. Just look at Michael. "There, done."
like fuck do we gotta be fuckin abused for y’all to give a fuck? Oh wait I forgot lots of us are there just aren’t videos of it on Facebook
Why does it seem like aquarius and pisces mothers don't take care of their children at first? oh and Taurus mothers too? Am I reaching? I feel like Sag moms too but I feel like they feel obligated so they won't feel bad.
Me and my bf don’t agree on some music but one thing we collectively don’t fw is Kodak. I’d rather get hit by a plane, then listen to him let alone have sex with that trash music in the back
i decided to stop letting things stress me and start smiling more. stressing doesn’t make It go away or make It any better.
We don't need bombs we'll just sing songs
i still haven't caught my breath since that shirtless kylo scene
Payday really needs to hurry up!!
I put that on GOD, dese bitches don’t want no smoke
I begged for you I don’t beg for anyone
Can’t tell if this dude laying on maxwell was dead or sleeping
I don’t bother or pick with nobody but i don’t take no bs and anybody know that!
Every setback is another chance to prove that you don't quit.
if you got something good going, don’t worry about what other people have to say.
I don’t mean to frustrate but I always make the same mistakes
People take care of him.) Yeah, I like you talked to plan this, haven't you?
Domestic violence is real... if you’re still in it #Get Out #You Deserve Better #No More Secrets
TOM DON'T CHEAT ON MY WIFE
I think $1.75 beers are the best thing ever
Being extra sad n alone wasn’t the move I was tryna be on this year but....
More people would learn from their mistakes if they weren't so busy denying them.
I can’t believe I let myself get sick but Jesus’s mom saved the day with hme my chicken soup
How dare you tell me it's tougher for you , like I don't hear about the niggas you fucking with too .......
I didn’t know whether to be mad or just laugh
don’t remember signing up for getting up at 5am when I got this job
Innovation isn’t technology or a tool. It’s a NEW way of thinking. How are you going to use/do things in a new and inventive way? # innovation # education
Kiss and tell everything I say Stuck inside your little web Everybody wants to know
"Got pregnant and I don't know who the father is. We shall see if it comes out brown or white." - TCC
Wasn’t looking for love until I found you
APPARENTLY we got cyber school on Monday so we don't go into the cursed building but we still have to do the school work...I'm pressed.
Wow I love hyojin so much and now I’m starting to stan onf I don’t have time for this :(
How come no one was crying during Oprah's speech?
Whoever didn’t wear back tonight can fight me
Everyone says the Spanish version of “Coco” is way better. The problem is, I don’t know Spanish! I am stuck with the English version
It sucks when ur single for awhile cuz ur like wtf are y’all passing me up for I’m pretty dope I have two dogs and I don’t stink and I like memes
i hate it when during tournament time for b-ball, the fans of the losing team would start to leave when the game didn’t even end.
sometimes I feel like I can’t do it anymore and then the way life goes plays in my head
Idk she didnt tell me her son was sick and now this. Nigga you ain't my friend
1.8.18 sunday been watching my old tvb drama in the 80's all day..i haven't been playing video games..
fall in love w yourself because once you do, irrelevant shallow opinions of others won’t even phase you.
I can't stand a mf that love speaking on me, like damn u hella pressed.
Every Fruit On A Tree Isn't Good # p p w
Dave Chappelle is a genius don't fight me on this
I’ve been trying to get my bf to watch American horror story with me for the longest time and he won’t
I miss my friends sm. I can’t wait to see them, whenever that will be
I am looking straight into Zaveid's eyes and I still can't believe he's in this damn game
Blind eyes can look at me and see the truth
It ain't talkin shit if what is said is true
I’m sending loads of love♡The love is from the universe♡ Should feel very nice♡♡♡don’t feel bad for any reason, coz everything is just a mirror of your heart♡♡♡ and u r created based on love♡♡♡i love u all♡♡♡
I don't know why I'm crying right now.
I don’t want to be with someone that makes me question who they are fooling with when they aren’t with me . I want to trust my mate and be so secure in our relationship that I know behind my back they are doing right by me
If she got a big head, wife her up
Don't ever fall out bout no bihhch , she ain't that Special
HUMAN! ASSISTANCE PLEASE! DON'T ASK WHAT I WAS DOING, JUST HELP ME!
Guys that don't cheat still exist
I can't wait to get an iPhone X so I can get a bunch of apps
The fears we don't face become our liits
Can't wait to watch these ladies get their tiramisu swirl on... #To Rome For Love
HIT* god i can't type today
Btw if you aren’t watching AGDQ wtf you doing?
My mind is exploding with ideas
Overdosed on confidence 90% of the time & suffering from extreme anxiety the other 10%. I don't understand.
Is it weird to be bummed that the dog doesn't want to cuddle?
I can't binge watch Star. Too much of a musical. Can I just get the story line.. thankssss
Guys I literally can’t wait for school to start.... What is wrong with me?
I don't like that shower-bathtub combination. I like them separate. The shower must be separate from the bathtub.
It's rare for me to find someone I genuinely like so when I do I wanna go all out for them. My future husband already doesn't deserve me smh. He probably doesn't even exfoliate.
& I really don't get what the issue is like I literally DON'T do ANYTHING to anybody
You tell people some details and they think they know your whole life, y’all annoying. Don’t ask me shit.
Player about every situation I don’t be caring
I hate slow ass replies . Don't bother to text me if you gone reply so damn slow .
So jst cuz of who I am I feel obligated to make a huge deal about this birthday cuz I'm about to be a quarter of a century old but I really don't have a desire to do anything....
I feel better not doing YT. I don’t feel envy over people who are more successful because I’m not even trying to be successful anymore.
I don't agree with that BS though. Cheating is cheat. Lying is lying. Man or woman smh
you & ya nigga have one argument on social media & bitches think that’s the ok to shoot they shot that’s why i don’t put shit abt my relationship on none of this bs cus i really hate beating hoes up.
There are two times when a man doesn't understand a woman, - before and after marriage.
when you don't really watch cheesy movie but then leo was the actor..................... dilemma.
I still don’t understand Harry. He could have easily bagged hermione granger. Took Ron 5-6 years to somewhat make a move. You had every opportunity, but settled for Ginny. Your the chosen one and you chose WRONG.
The fact they do you like that as if it ain’t nothing
i tried and i’m done shooting my shot with guys; i guess they ain’t ready for what i got to offer
# Jesus # truth Proverbs23:17 Don't be envious of sinful people; let reverence for the Lord be the concern of your life.
Sooooo I’m just minding my business watching a movie and my tv just turned off y itself but the power isn’t out and now I’m tweaking # send help
I can’t believe Caesar’s Palace is made out of only marbles
Accept things as they r without u trying 2 change them, Go with the flow, & know that life wasn�t meant 2 b a struggle all the time. #PDL
Sometimes i can't help myself for missing you. It's really hurting me. How can u be the one that i miss the most?? While u even dont have any idea for me missing u. Btch.
Really and truly don’t know how to feel
James Franco is a dick. Plain and simple. I don’t care if it was his award. He’s a dick. Check his history with # me too . He’s a liar. Shoving Tommy Wiseau away from the mike tonight was small potatoes. Investigate. Do it.
See the difference is with me - i never needed niggaz EVER I'll leave him where i met him & i ain't trippin off no exes
wassup stranger u still go to WIU mfs haven't heard frm u in a long time
Don't take her love for granted.
everything was going good until these last two mnts of my pregnancy now everything wanna hurt & NOPE it don't get better everyday it's a new pain or the old pain just got worse. MARCH WTFYA
Grow stronger from the pain, don't let it destroy you.
And right now I'm curled up in a ball, dying in pain, cause my family got Mc Donald's today and I can't escape the smell even hours later
I’m not gone preach to you tho. Keep yo head up. Think about it but don’t dwell it’s not that deep. Be ready to move on and take the semester on strong
I start school tomorrow & haven't even got my bag ready
Just because I can't sing, doesn't mean I won't sing.
I’m waking up early and cooking breakfast. I’m so hungry
Don't hmu when you finally realize that no one else got you like I do.
Somethings you just need to leave in the pass cause somethings weren’t meant to last.
Going to the gym is my coping mechanism. Like others use alcohol or drugs, I work out. I haven't been to the gym In three days and seasonal depression is kicking my ass.
they reviewed 2NE1's Crush back in 2014 and gave pretty decent rating why can't BTS
god damn, i didn't get to read d4 & d5, lol i fell asleep and end up waking up with a fever and a big ass headache
y’all ever heard an old Mexican ass song n automatically knw the lyrics n don’t knw how u even knw lmao
Do you ever get the feeling that this life isn’t yours? That you have no control? That everyone around you is living and you’re just breathing. Watching. Waiting. For what?
I am so grateful for my parents. My goodness, I am blessed.
God had blessed with great things in my life and I feel I want to get closer to him but I don’t know how to
Don’t let your bank account change the way you talk to people
Wowwwww they don’t even have my size in them spikes
Don't find fault. Find a remedy. -Henry Ford
I really don’t talk to guys I just be chillin lmao like it’s rare for me
You don't know how good it feels it to throw my mom's a stack or 2 Be gone for months, come back with food and right back on that avenue
I don't know how poc even watch the Fifty Shades like y'all really wanna see white ppl fucking?
Forgiveness isn’t for the person who hurt you, it’s for YOURSELF!
I expect people from dirty house holds but idgaf I can't hold my thoughts & facial expressions while im walkn threw that btch! House be nasty asf but them b my dawgs
You take me higher, higher than I’ve ever been babe, just come over, let’s pour a drink babe, I hope I ain’t calling you too late
Person: What do you do for fun? Me: Uh...*crickets chirp* Work? Person: No for fun! Me: Work. Person: FOR FUN! Me: WORK. Person: You need to get out more. Me: Then my trips wouldn't be tax deductible.
I've been back in Seattle almost a week and I haven't met my random new roommate once lmao
Tough defeat to take... It's points in 11 consecutive games... Don't mull over it for five days! This Bruins team has surprised many... And will continue to into the post-season! Time to get pumped for a game against the old enemy on Saturday. #N H L Bruins
I’m saying no more, you make your own choices, I won’t even try to change you
Isn't there some kind of reverse gravity system to help me get out of bed ? I think I'm stuck.
I never questioned the friendships you guys have, but it's not appropriate that you'll include yourself in our fight because I don't think it affects you.
I think I know what's making me so upset but I don't want to admit it.
Yeah, I can't recommend Geoguessr to autistic people enough. It's really kinda soothing.
- we got each other number for no reason cause we don't use em
AT THIS POINT I'M REALLY CONVINCED HACHISUKA IS SABOTAGING THE FORGE JUST SO NAGASONE WON'T COME HOME LMAO
U know why i don't like bitch
Jj really didn't hold back w makin me learn all the hard // songs
How can anyone value you if you don't
You're in love. That makes you actually kind of boring to people who aren't in love. # b o t
Lawd, these penguins are falling off cliffs. I don't know what happened. #Planet Earth I I
& my eyes are getting better so hello official 2018, this last week was just like weird idk but it doesn’t count lol
I’m 97% sure you don’t like me but I’m 100% sure I don’t care.
Gonna be straight with you, I haven't even watched Cardcaptor Sakura yet
#Juste Debout2018 is in 2 months. Of course i can't wait for it but ...
TFW the new KR Build revealed there being 40 more bottles which means 20 more Build forms.
If you’re a 21 y.o who’s foundation doesn’t match your skin tone & you’re still looking to pick a fight.... please foh.
i really hateeeee “that wasn’t even about you”/“i never even said that” ass people
i don’t wanna settle for some ordinary shit
I can’t sleep if it’s not quiet
Don’t make nobody be with you!
I’m so mad at my phone I want to throw t at the wall and give it a damn reason to act like this
AGENCY: Orange County Sheriff's Department CALL: [AOA] ASSIST OUTSIDE AGENCY ADDR: 24400 BLK MADEIRA WY, LN D/T: 1/7/2018 9:04:40 PM #Laguna Nigel
i’m up like i don’t have class in the morning
My last tweet had nothing to do with tytiana you guys she never used me it was just a simple tweet that popped up in my head tweet has been deleted don’t got time for he foolishness tonight
I can't imagine a life without Costco. Thank you for everything.
i'm so focused on winning i choose to be L O S T
Constantly finding out new things about production and music and life and being confused how I didn’t know before
Girl come get yo mans. He ain’t got no hands.
If you don’t like the movie Grease then FOH
I haven’t bought a pair of shoes in almost a month and it’s driving me crazy.
"Don't waste your energy trying to change opinions ... Do your thing, and don't care if they like it." ~ Tina Fey # Truth #De You #Like A Girl
I don’t like this at all
honestly idgaf anymore if you try doin me bogus im going to act like you never even existed so don't try hitting me up because shit you thought it was sweet
contrary to popular belief I haven't kissed a lotta boys, I kiss a lot of mirrors
I don’t care for Valentine’s Day, but the aesthetic.. YES LAWD!!
I've decided to start referring to a group of men who can't handle the idea of female excellence as "a murder of men." A murder of crows. A murder of men.
I don't want anybody else When I think about you, I touch myself Ooh, I don't want anybody else Oh no, oh no, oh no Hmm, for some reason it doesn’t sound sexy when I sing it
I can’t ever keep a good ass mood so much shit just be goin thru my head
I don't understand Americans. You guys have someone like Oprah and still manage to pick an idiot like Trump for presidency? Dammit you guys, you can do better.
Bro I deadass turn 20 this year what lmao
I don’t want her stressing and rushing :(
I don’t even know what I know anymore
7am and Leevi is down for his first nap of the day already. The girls haven’t yet woken up so it’s coffee and bible time for this mama before getting started with work for the year #2018
Wait I lied I didn’t watch the whole thing Lol I suck
I don’t ever think I can go a full day without something getting me heated.
Maybe I wasn't cut out for college.
i don’t think this cough will ever go away...........
“Ain’t nobody really , so I keep it 99!” -Reignman
/am/ hi jonghyun. Today i miss you so much. I’m trying not to cry but i can’t i miss you much. My heart is breaking
all you people talking about oprah for president are literally retarded
If I take adderall for add, I'm technically retarded and so I'm not going to stop saying retard.
Don’t want to feel ya don’t want you on my mind
I literally don't talk to anyone anymore to the point where my mom is my bff on Snapchat loll
I really can’t be a hoe ass nigga.
“when God is showing you somebody isn’t for you and you continue to fw them anyways..he will make them hurt you until you have no choice but to let go”
rocked that mic can't wait for the drop
Oh, BTW, just because AMD silicon doesn't have Intel's obscure bug(s), how do we know they don't have some other vulnerability not yet publicized? SILICON IS HARD, PEOPLE.
Except for my colleague who just complimented my hair that I haven’t washed in days because I’m out of schampoo and it’s straight instead of it’s normal state of curly hay stack slash birds nest.
If i flash out or get out of line i don’t mean to be rude
quick shoutout to me b/c I don’t get enough credit for all the shit that I do
Why aren't millennials buying music halls?
I just wow... didn’t even care about the golden globes... did you know you could do that?
Y’all ever go to sleep with clothes on then wake up in the Morning with nothing but your underwear on and can’t remember what happened
My mum gets shitty at me for not knowing too much about my friends and acquaintances private life. Ma. I’m not nosy and I don’t need to know every detail.
Stray Kids hasn't even officially debuted and yet: - all 9 members have writing credits - 4 members have composition credits - Chan also has Arrangement credits
That snake had me messed up. I do not mess with snakes. I don’t want to be near snakes. Hell no.
“I didn’t know you liked the Delfonics”
I STILL HAVEN'T FINISHED READING CAUSE I WAS OUT IM SCARED TO CONTINUE #B T Soutcast D5
If you ain’t on my dick i don’t want ittttt
Im jazzing y’all head lol , I can’t sing.
Why do people not talk about the time James Franco tried to have sex with a minor knowing she wasn’t 18
i got told my life is boring why? because i don’t put up w/ mfs bullshit & i say wtf i want
laying in bed , eating snacks and playing fallout 4 with my boo , couldn't get better than this
I don't think Trump will run for reelection.
Somewhere in the world, there is a brown person wearing a “watermelon” & “hot sauce in my bag” shirt. I don’t have the energy to be mad at H&M over their lack of proper marketing over a product a brown person was probably gonna put on anyways
What do you care what I think anyway? I don't even count, right? I could disappear forever and it wouldn't make any difference.
In a nutshell we have batsmen who can't bat and bowlers who can't bowl. That just about sums up the English cricket team at the moment.
Spotify discover weekly is literally my source of joy. Whoever doesn't use Spotify and for this particular function is insane I'm in love with these choices week after week. Who needs the real thing when you have music making for feel just as much??
Give me the courage to say the things i couldn’t say.
Can’t stop choking I am dying
They were playing Funkytown in the store I was grocery shopping at and I couldn't help but think: "These people know me." And for one brief moment, I was *in* Funkytown.
Don’t let your dreams be dreams. #Be Strong
And know what's good about to retweet it but they didn't had my size.
And it’s been 13 hours and she hasn’t used a binky one time!
Ohhhhh nooooo she said “ that’s why your marriage ain’t last “ DEBRA CALM DOWN
You don't have to change a thing
it’s funny how we can sing a song that we haven’t heard in 10 years word for word, but can’t recall the name of a person we just met 10 minutes ago
The fact that people don’t recognize your value does not decrease what it is.
She hots & cold , hot & cold, homie i don't know when she hot and cold
Isn’t it fucking terrifying that no matter how many promises they made, no matter how long you’ve been together, someone can get up and walk out of your life without a second thought?
I am the kind of a person that doesn't need a reason to hate you.
"if a student doesn't ask the right questions the teacher cannot be held responsible for his failure" - Morvarth # sky rim academics
Cus I napped all day I’ve just woken up and can’t get back off. Gunna watch a peaky blinders ep
can’t afford to fail, this my last year. . have to get out of school and do the best
I’m not chasing after nobody child cause I don’t want him chasing after me.
I be having ‘get married fever’.
I slept in longer than I should have and now I can't sleep.
GIRLS GENERATION MAKE YOU FEEL THE HIT AND WE'RE DOING AND WE CAN'T BE BEAT
when nandi walked in the restaurant for her bday dinner i realized that i hadn't experienced real life slayage... until that very moment
niggas gone always try to fwu,along with all their other exes...they don't be really loving you they just tryna see who bite first,don't fall for itissa trap.
Sorry but I took some Xanax so I don’t rlly give a fuck tonight
#Nobody Should Ever Feel Like I’m heartless just because I’m the only person who didn’t take this hashtag seriously. I have a heart! You is beautiful!
Don’t text me in your free time, make time to text me.
Asked my mom if she could take me to the hospital bc my foot hurts really bad and she says “take ibuprofen” as if I didn’t think of that already. They’re not helping
Don't make fun of my part nudie, im a listener not a shower
HAVE THEM PAPERSREADY OR I AIN'T SMASHING
Mountains reach up from the ground, Higher than trees into the clouds. Pictures of strength and safety to me, but God is greater, don't you see? He created the mountains, God is the creator and He created me.
does she have an f in sic transit gloria for me // automatically checked by
DON'T STOP TIL IT IS BEAUTIFUL
U need to you worry about your man my babe. Not me Worry about what he out here doing to make you look dumb.Don't worry about my single life
You can’t break something that’s broken completely
i can’t even afford to buy myself a $1 sandwich from mcds what has my life come to
Why can't people just stop pretending they care about law and order and just a admit that they viscerally hate African Australians? I mean, that's all this is. Really, this is it.
that time again where i feel like unfollowing everyone that isn’t chwehanosl aka my sister :-p bc she’s the only one who interacts with me and likes my tweet on twitter dot org
honestly tho i can't even act like im a part of film twitter djdkdj i've only seen cmbyn & loved it & wish it was recognized but i don't feel like i can have an opinion yet and i plan to watch many other great films shown tonight
I process my thoughts out loud sorry if you don’t like that
I’m such a stand up guy I can’t kneel or duck
Don't create drama where there is none
"he didn't even card me! i think it's cause my ass is fat"
Which is a straight shame indeed, as so many sci-fi stories that could truly help enlighten the masses, don’t get much recognition & credibility
Two jobs and a full time student I don’t need NOBODY for shit
- Juss bc I’m moving different doesn’t mean I’m acting fake or throwing shade . I’m just eliminating my self from da BULLSHIT . it’s 2k18 I’m tryna chill & be #Drama Free that’s all ..
I want to go through insta and unfollow every person that doesn’t make me happy when I look st their page. But then I would only be following dogs, sushi and like 10 friends.
Dawg i go on my explorer page she has a new bf now she has a girl at the talent show lol.
Ian never seen a mf who can't answer 1 question
Kinda brings a new meaning to “stuffed crust” doesn’t it? :/
I’m so fucking thirsty and I got a cold ass sprite in my car but I don’t wanna go in the cold somebody personally deliver me a drink to my bed you can stay and watch Netflix wit me tew
Lots of back forth. T lo overthrow in endzone
If you're homophobic, don't follow me... # b o t
Was creeping an 18 year old but closed my instagram like a man of god once I got down a little bit. Can’t be dipping into no mans land
i don't feel bad for myself because i carved an out. my sister is still here
More people need to see Three Billboards now. Acting, directing, script and editing are are incredible. I hope Oscars give it the love that the box office hasn’t so far. #Golden Globes
and my supervisor put Me as the only person to open the store tomorrow she really wants me to ruin the store
Spending warm summer days in her very own bed. I didn't realise you wrote such bloody awful poetry.
Honestly can't wait to get the call that the apartment is ready & I can move in .
“you’re impossible to talk to” then don’t ??????
You can’t know everything about everyone, and it doesn’t discredit your protests about their actions after you work with them and find out what they did. Especially in such a vast and diverse group like Hollywood.
“We have been here before, but I can’t stay this time because I don’t love you anymore”
I hate ungrateful ass people they don’t deserve shit
I haven't thugged it out in a year fuck it
Y'all literally gonna be the same person this year that you were last year lol. People don't change.!
I don't got no hate towards anyone, if you did me wrong and I cared for you at one point I still got love for you and that's not gonna change can't hate someone who I once loved
You don’t need anybody in your life who deflects their insecurities and sadness onto you. Bye.
i love ron swanson but i can’t help but think he’d hate me if he knew me u feel me
I feel like i don't give apple juice the credit it deserves
Just only a little extremely furious about the fact that call me by your name wasn’t showered in awards
you won’t find a love like mine anywhere
Can't trust no one these days
i won’t win either but it’s true i live and die for both of them
If you haven’t seen jumanji I suggest you see it
Just because I don’t say anything doesn’t mean that I don’t know
Graham is laying outside of the bathroom because he wants to make sure Chris doesn’t leave again, I think.
i didn't get any sleep because of this freakin tv show and im emotionally exhausted from the lastest episode
Whitesnake is so great. Why more people don't appreciate their music is beyond me
Lying to me is disrespectful asfuck & I can’t fuck with a mf that doesn’t respect me
At snowta mol and I got to jam to drowning live and it was a moment ya just can't top
i unfollowed a problematic **** update account and holy shit even though those girls had a huge part in my life, it’s like to get rid of such toxic people who don’t even really like **** anymo
I be laughing too hard I get abs lol I don’t even need to do workouts
On the plane, it is revealed that Reid hacked his MP3 player so that Morgan couldn't turn it off
Wtf is love if you ain’t down to go to war with me
I think it’s bed time. I ain’t looking forward to tomorrow
i ain't a girlfriend i got myself a wife
Starter Post apocalyptic, and we'll talk to show him every day dreaming about everything she wouldn't want profile/status
Now playing Love Doesn't Ask Why by Celine Dion!
This world should be ran by dogs dude. They wouldn’t ever think of scamming anyone. They’d just be happy to help you and lick your face off.
My phone is at 4% and I don’t have the energy to grab my charger
DON'T FUCK WITH ME, I HAVE THE POWER OF GOD AND ANIME ON MY SIDE, AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
good. he can’t even see his own shit up there.
Also I’ve only watched clips of tonight award show so idk, maybe don’t listen to me. It’s still came off trendy though.
Tuesday I will have a whole day to MYSELF. Not working at either job, school hasn’t started yet so ya girl can pamper herself for a change.
Just cause I speak the truth don’t make me an asshole
(I did the same math as the book – Martin Gardner's Big Book of Math Puzzles – getting to the integer equation; then realized a computer could search for a solution faster than I. It wasn't a blind search from the problem specification.)
Stg some people don’t know how do shit
Post more old pics of me tubbs I ain’t gotta show these eGirls shit I know how I’m rockin
Love the people who treat you right and forget about the ones who don?t
I don’t wanna give you the wrong impression ... I need love and affection .
I don't normally do New Year's resolutions, but this year I want to feel confident in a new language.
I don’t think there’s not one person on this earth that can settle down with my hyper ass
Oprah transformed herself from talk show queen to renowned actress...not that the billions didn't help though
tired of everybody & they shit y'all ain't gotta worry about hearing from me at all.
No, it's not *solely about* racist policing in Missouri. But it's one of the few movies I've seen that doesn't understate the realities of what it looks like.
I used to care about a lot of shit but I don’t no more
* thanks for your company today guys fasting ain’t easy *
1.5 K # et here um today! Let's do it R.T
Real life tired of people thinkin they can play games w me & assume I’ll just be here whenever it’s convenient for them
Beginning chapter of 2018: Full of blessings! Loving family. Supportive and wonderful friends. Beloved cats. Couldn't ask for more (oh jap, and good results pls )
So I set my profile game account flag to Israel and one thing I realized that Israelites had to go through is hate and racism most in middle east country. Don’t mind them you guys are very much welcome in the Philippines.
people, learn that i'm a rude, annoying bitch. if ya don't like it.... why should i care? # rue b o t
I just wanna be with someone on my page.
guess who doesn't have 8:00s this semester ..... GOD IS GOOD ! people !! ya hear me
I'm solid can't nothing break me
I reeeally don’t want Oprah to be president guys.
Serenity mommy is going to love you unconditionally & never let you feel like your alone or can’t ever come talk to me & thats my word.
Can't win em all. The Knights are real. Shout out to that crowd.
And now it don't look the same
It is what it is can't stress it won't stress it ... God got me regardless
Too bad you didn't realize I was the love of your life before I changed my number
Sometimes I can take forever to order things online when I have gift cards because I just really can’t decide xD
Don't expect others to learn to understand you if you refuse to learn to communicate.
just because they hang out with you and laugh with you doesn't mean they are your friend.
I can’t believe this is happening to me
Just finished the campaign for battlefront 2 and because I don’t have internet I can’t claim my rewards
i regret tagging tana in that photo i literally can’t use my phone
You a bitch if you pull a strap and don't bust. Only Show If You Bustin Chump.
In 2014 I started referring to Daniel Day-Lewis as “Dalen Day-Lewis” and I haven’t stopped.
Style pon di haters fuck dem bitch
if it doesn’t matter get rid of it
I don’t want none of y’all nikkas hitting my line once my ass gets fat
I don’t know what I loved more Oprah’s incredible speech or Natalie’s perfect shade to the dudes. # golden globes
What’s crazy to me is that I could be crying my eyes out balling and you could text me and I’ll have a conversation with you like nothings wrong
You can imitate but you can’t duplicate
mfs don’t see a problem in their actions till it happens to them
i literally wish i didn’t look 12
If your man doesn’t gas you up, that’s not your man.
Ain’t got time for no two faced hoe
-hey maya girl don’t leave lol stay here imma miss you you funny fr without even trying
i can’t wait to hug shay at pitt!!! frick
Ain’t had my heart broken like this in months
Yooo if having someone to talk to and just laugh with 24/7 isn't the best im not sure what is
I love All The Stars so much omgomgomgomg can't wait for black panther wow
You weren’t the one for me
He told me that I was just too much. I looked at him straight in the eyes, laughed and told him, “ass nah you just ain’t enough”
But don't worry, we got this new program that's going to be so much better. We're calling it Nathan Peterman.
Y’all wanna fuck but don’t wanna go on dates???
I can’t wait to kick second semester in the balls
Holy fuck I couldn't stop laughing
Please tell me I’m not the only one who can’t sleep at night if I took a nap during the day. No matter the duration of said nap, I can’t sleep at night.
Timothée, armie and the movie was robbed i can’t even-
Lol we're a week into January and I still haven't made my planner for this year # oops
upset that I can’t find Polaroid film anywhere before I go to Disneyland tomorrow
the bad girls aint no good, but the good girls ain’t no fun.
I feel so bad, I can't do anything else, I'm just here trying not cry, coz its easy just to cry, but keeping all in is the real problems, and I can't cry I'm front of this people..
Too bad he can’t handle this attitude™
The fact that I don’t feel like I need to have a relationship with someone makes me so happy
Friendship isn’t a big thing — it’s a million little things. ~Author Unknown
mmmmmm don’t play yourself hun ;)
last year all Wonderfuls want all WG go to the same agency now we know they had to make those decisions ..I think we should respect each T ara member's decision
I don't want no dealings with a nigga I hustle harder then...
Don't expect to hear from you though.
Please don’t use social media to vent over your Love life. If you are then at least give us the complete tea, we want more than “he ain’t shit, I’m done” like what he do sis
# Chiefs couldn’t throw the ball into the Missouri River.
welp, I have classes tomorrow but I don't want to sleep... Why do I want to draw at the worst times?
Didn’t hit a banger today Better luck tomorrow good night
probably shouldn’t have napped at 4
I haven’t even been watching “a dogs purpose” for five minutes and I’ve already cried
Now I know why my heart beats a little faster everyday, and that's simply because he's in my life and I couldn't ask for a better man. He's the love of my life and the light of my world. My Lover. My Bestfriend. My Heartbeat.
if i go back it's either we're just gonna talk about it and do "interventions" that i won't be doing or they send me to ward 7...i doubt my parents would support me on this
My last rt!!!! My mom would leave the house even for a second and she'll come back asking why I locked the door. I don't trust these putos
If I can’t have all of you, you don’t deserve me
Stray kids grrr performance video is insane its so good im stanning i can't deny it
Can't wait to see "Jamie Dornan wearing HUGO BOSS"
I think the perception that your libido intensifies with age also has to do with the ever expanding range of options for stimulation. When you’re 18 you don’t know all the things people are willing to do to you
"There are moments when I don't know if it's real or if anybody feels the way I feel. I need inspiration, not just another negotiation"
You might not understand , but I’m your biggest fan. When he ain’t acting right , I’m the tune up man.
Up watching old 2000's anime openings on YouTube. Right in the feels. T~T
i’m hungry but i don’t want to get up
I'M STILL AT SCHOOL I CAN'T WATCH ANY FANCAMS NOW SJSJJSJSJ
I hate when I feel like I should be happy about a situation, but I’m not. Like I can’t explain it...
Please don’t tell me you fucking with to best friend
There are people allowed outside that don't think XXXTentacion's XXL Cypher isn't the hardest shit of all time
My life isn’t good for my mental health.
Day by day there's a man in a suit who's gonna make you pay for the thoughts that you think and the words they won't let you say.
I feel like I’m the only person who doesn’t have their twitter on night mode. I just can’t do it
I still can't believe my mom called me while I was talking to Melissa and I answered and I was like "mom I'm talking to melissa" and my mom was like "what?" And Melissa was like "HI!"
" No, I wasn't drunk. I just don't remember alot "
Watching Poetic Justice...I love this movie. #Janet Jackson #TupacShakur...wow 1993
“if you know that it’s only gonna be dark, stay outta the dark”
Don't make excuses for why you can't get it done. Focus on all the reasons why you must make it happen.
My grandma don't drink koolaid so she sent the pitcher that my mom made on New Years like stop playing
Don't be sorry hoe, be careful
you got me hooked on some shit i ain't ever felt before, now I'm goin' crazy
For people raised on participation trophies, a lot of you sure do have a bug up your ass about who does and doesn't deserve them. "A thing is a thing. It is not what is said of that thing."
Don't send me religious messages asking me to help your ministry. I just report and block you.
i literally cannot stop watching broad city this is my new favorite tv show
i only have 2 classes and i still can’t be bothered to go
I got a drink, I don't know if I'm drunk or not
I didn't think you'd end up like this
I WANNA A N G S T BUT F L U F F IS TAKING OVER
kinda sad I won't attend the WSC guest speaker event :(
When things aren’t meant to be, things aren’t meant to be
FROZEN UNCRUSTABLES ARE AMAZING TRY IT IF YOU DON'T BELIEVE ME
I always know when I'm about to get my period because I can't do the stairs without holding my boobs
"I don't think mushrooms are in season"
my time at LSU can’t come fast enough
There are only like 5 or 6 people from school I still know that don't disgust me, and that's out of dozens of different groups I used to hang out with.
I didn't know they handed awards out at funerals #Golden Globes # hypocrites
Just dropped $79 on bullet journal supplies. If by the end of the year I don't have straight A's and a perfect social life and clear skin then I want a full refund
No one even knows how hard life was I don't even think about it now because I've finally found you
I went to bed to early now I’m just up lookin stupid like I don’t have to be up at 5
Sometimes I still think about Rachel getting off the plane. Idk Ross didn’t deserve her but I hope it all worked out
Im eating healthy asf without even trying. I ate quinoa seeds today. I didn’t even know what quinoa seeds were.
I. Give. Up. FUCK this world.
You shouldn’t need white people to validate #Get Out. They do this to y’all every year, and y’all fall for it every year.
Ojhhhh its some root number bullshit again isn't it. Please I can't do math even with the calculator provided by the game.
One of the name have to be a lie ain’t no way ima believe that
I love entertaining the people with humor on my timeline but what happens when all I wanna do is soft tweet sad song lyrics like I can't mess up the ~aesthetic~ I have crafted
Can’t wait for date night cos Ima Be esssstra too many cute outfits i haven’t worn.
Sometimes i just can't with the way stole the spotlight. I should shake off from my negative mind
Getting half of you just isn’t enough
I’ve also come to the realization that Bravo’s doesn’t have shit to eat outside of Chicken Marsala
Chiarelli IMO would be in more danger but it doesn’t sound like he is in imminent danger of being fired
practice celibacy then y’all won’t have to worry about getting that pack!
Continue to allow extra travel time in both directions due to an operation issue. A limited bus service is operating
I don't know why people hate cigarettes so much, it's hilarious how you've been lied all this time.
goodnight world I have school tomorrow so hope it doesn’t suck I’m praying for everyone going back to school too xx
That nigga can’t do it like I do shawty , I’ll wait on ya );
can’t wait for trip 2 w my amigos
The urge to relapse is ridiculously high tonight. Hasn’t been this bad in awhile
LOL can’t wait to go back to school tomorrow so I can procrastinate and stress myself out!! Fun!
This is fine too. "Don't fucking call me" Why are there fireworks on August 16th what is a bronie.
Don't we appreciate it when a woman can have it all!? But it comes with a lot of hardwork because there is a lot of expectation put on a woman # k t n life and style
People who don’t have read receipts on are snakes
Y’all should really go see the pomcats perform. I promise you won’t be disappointed
I hate when ppl call me sweaty on bo2, like first of all you aren't good and second of all the game is like 5 years old who cares.
I suck so bad when I have to bartend at work. People ask me for recommendations on the wines I can’t pronounce and I don’t know how to tell them that all I ever drank was whatever barefoot was available at the local CVS
(Little in the middle but she got much back) [4x]
I have a feeling there aren't even 80 million awesome people like me to exist.
Keeps happening & i honestly don’t know if i should trip or just say leave it alone
i can’t get over how gorgeous #Kit Harington was tonight
you can't control how others interpret your words you can only control what you say!!
I wish the sun would go and hide away Cause I've just been dying for rain And lately I don't feel the same
I remember some local was sending me anonymous hate on curiouscat just because they would see me walking lmao like damn they can’t even handle how good I look walking in the streets
Back to Cape Town Tuesday,back to speaking English now. *crying* **I really don't wanna go back to that city, I hate it.
I tell you what, I DON'T want someone to love me like the Verizon guy now loves Sprint
I mean, have we tried VOTING corrupt leaders out? Maybe they’re like “if kenyans didn’t love corruption they would vote us out or something.”
Cue an overly dramatic sigh, accompanied by an exaggerated eye roll. "Brittany," he singsonged, ". . come on, you can't ignore me forever, y'know? Might as well crack noooww."
I'm calmed down a little and I feel like a dick but I just couldn't fucking take it anymore I couldn't stand to listen to it
let me just say one thing... being happy and supporting your friends really isn't that hard, I do it all the time because I'm happy for them and if you can't do the same then don't bring their mood down
Leia didn't but 1. She wasn't actually in most of the film. 2. Leia is fucking awesome and actually has never really struggled at anything at any point in all of Star Wars
Me: shuts down every single guy who shows interest in me Also me: wow wHY am I still single ??? he’s really just gonna blow me off like that ??? men really ain’t shit
Tbh im supposed to be writing but im stallin bc shownu's hot and i haven't talked much all day. Twitter is where i come if i cant be extra irl
You get these little story-prep moments with Burnham, too. Most of them haven't paid off yet, because she's our viewpoint character. In fact, I'd argue that the only person who hasn't gotten any foreshadowing dropped in his direction this season has been: Dr. Culber.
The bridge is what really keeps me coming back... "And I know that's it's hard to digest, but maybe your story ain't so different from the rest"
I wanna be clear, I'm stayin' right here Cause ain't nobody takin' my baby
Hand over your approved thesis by the supervisor before 3 p.m. If the External Supervisors hasn't signed yet bring your two thesis with extra two title pages.
If I made ya cum don’t ever disrespect me # media
Don’t mind me everyone. I’m only here for the # cry p to currency news lol.
I can't sleep. I don't know if it's the stress or the soda. Maybe both. I was tired a minute ago.
You Ain’t Inlove Until You Want For Them As Much As You Want For Yourself
After 5pm tomorrow, I am done with trial practice, and I don’t have to wake up early or leave my house for the next two days
I want to cry I don’t want to go to school
this is off topic and into the realm of textual queerness but im still shook by the relatively graphic gay sex scene that happened and was very definitely real. u don't see that every day in tv anime no sir no siree
am i the only one who still doesn’t understand that outcast joke??
can't wait to wake up to rack city by tyga tomorrow (clean version of course) wbu
lmao so hey y’all if you have anxiety twitter isn’t the place for you! How absurd
It's never too late to become the best version of yourself. Drop the things in life that don't help you, that drag your spirit down. It might even be someone you know that you have to drop. Maybe even someone you care for.
Don’t mess up a good relationship with a good person
"You can't break a kiski boy."
When it comes to querying, I made every mistake. But part of me wonders if it would matter if I hadn’t.
Never knew that Muhammad Ali name was Cassius Clay and they didn’t want to change his name #Thanks Dave
usually I don’t do no flying out.
I miss my man, can't wait to see him
If I don’t have a water bottle with me at all times, like literally 24/7, I get HELLA anxiety abt it
You can trust the feeling but can’t rely on it.
I guess shit ain’t meant to be
Fucking hate it man I can’t win 40% of my gunfights cause of how bad my controller is I can only kill kids from sides is which I’m good at but other gunfights I suck at
You can’t force your heart to feel something it doesn’t, no matter how much want it to. You can’t help how you feel .. just let it be!
Ain’t got time to think about nobody else .
My eyelids are so heavy I lw hate it bc I haven’t had my fill of affection yet.
How am I so tired and I can’t sleep? I guess pregnancy insomnia is real
i haven’t listened to my world 2.0 since like 2011 and i know all the words to every song. proud belieber
Like y’all don’t even know how much trouble there will be once I finally get to where I want to be with my body.
Coming back on campus I can honestly say I don’t miss her as much as I thought I would .. like at all time is a mf
Ain’t nothin better then grandmas home cookin
I wonder what would've become of #BB11 if #VIKASGUPTA weren't in the show? VIKAS DESERVES THE WIN
Doesn't matter who you are at some point or another your happiness has made someone else unhappy. Someone has been jealous of you, which is wild if you think about it.
Friends-I don't like the new Xbox One update I miss the old way it looked Me-I actually like the way it looks and works better...
Fuckin lost. On the verge. Been stuck. Sorry guys. I'm just trying to survive. I'm best left alone
I miss my day one boys :( I Fr haven’t gotten to talk to them or hang out with them as much as I did
"Don't talk, it makes you sound stupid." - Yusuke (Yu Yu Hakusho)
i just wanna know how y’all find out everything so quick... like i can’t even find decent pics of my favs at the golden globes
Can’t be in my feelings over a hoe ..
Don’t settle and lose your self respect. If you’re not their priority, don’t make them your priority.
All the money in the world means nothing if I can’t spend it with you
I don’t wanna pretend with u
he's grown his hair back omg ka gwapo
The hang the Dj episode of black mirror taugh me how important it is that we don’t know the length of a potential love interests presence in our world.
I don’t have time to cuddle or be tucked in ...
Guys this cholera problem. I can’t use sanitizer son the amount of hand washing I’m doing.. Can this just be over...
It’s real cold out here, friend-o. Ain’t got no doors to keep the warm in and the walls don’t meet the floor.
i need to cry but can't so if anyone needs me i'll be over here watching compilations of dogs being reunited with their owners thanks
fuck it’s almost 5:30am and I haven’t slept yet bc of Nina’s event dedication
Music just isn't the same any more
I woke up and I just read the rest she's really smart and tbh I'm happy it's not really a happy ending bc it was a horror au at first, so I don't know why are people upset that they didn't get a happy ending like??
Paradise is great and all but i can’t to be w my berg pals again
Niggas don’t even get tested .. they wait until their girl say come back with her results
just experienced my worse case of sleep paralysis yet i heard footsteps/floorboards creak, mumbling n things being moved around then suddenly i was pinned down, it felt like huge cat kneading on me for 30 seconds i couldn't shout i am fucking shooketh
lady really asked was my sister Ebony. I’m like lol tf. We don’t look that much alike
guys i can’t do it, i dont wanna go to school
At least we don’t have school next Monday
I've been coding for 12 hours yet I don't feel tired? All my internet browsing has built an endurance
I don’t know what I’m feeling right now, but I hope it goes away soon
man depression is real and u won’t neee understand it until u go through it yourself or witness somebody i love dealing with it that shit turned me into a different person
Can’t wear my tennis shoes or shirts that have words on it
Oh how i don’t miss this LA traffic
#KUWTK I can't believe they actually went through with this sweat test!
I’m finna get so low down it ain’t finna make sense.
niggas I don't tried to help done downed me.
I know I don’t NEED to be in a relationship, but lowkey want someone I can just love on.
catch ups at the beach are the best kind of catch up, esp when you haven’t seen your friend in 7 months! # beach days # scorcher # stray a # heat wave
I think I'm getting sick and I just want to watch movies with someone
you say you a hit man , but you ain’t hit shit
Wanna boo but I don't wanna waste my time...
Don’t change when it’s too late
"All of those days that came and went - I didn't realize those were life."
If u can’t crop someone that did you wrong, at least use the pic they look uglier in
I start school tomorrow and I really don’t want to.. like I’m already stressed about my stress ..
A little barbecue sauce don’t hurt nobody - khalid
I lowkey don’t wanna go back to lq ahahaah
Even when it's -2 degrees I still can't sleep with socks on
i dissociate in a lot of ways but all day today i haven’t been able to shake the feeling that everyone i see looks like a rat
omg remember the kid who couldn’t say blood LMAOO
it’s crazy how white people can do literally nothing for themselves and still end up at least decent. black people will literally fail miserably if we didn’t do more than the standard society places.
We can't reach our offices without getting stuck in a jam. Then how can we expect life's journey to be any easier? Keep driving! #Monday Motivation
feeling like shit and literally can't stop thinking about it.
Don’t lie to me or play with my feelings. That’s a no no
being strong isn't a lifestyle, being strong is standing up for yourself when everyone else is trying to put you down.
No, we didn't end this so good would you know we'd had something so good?
Don’t matter how much time goes by somethings will never change
I got head from an ex and she scraped my dick with her teeth and out of reflex I smack the shit out of her. She didn't talk to me for a week, but I didn't acknowledge her for two weeks
Don't let people make you feel bad for dropping toxic friends. It's better to have 2-3 great friends than 20 fake ones.
Can't fucking wait to start hearing people excuses for why they haven't been doing work over the holidays like stfu I've done work and enjoyed myself too it can be done
I feel like early 2000s closet queer culture is just endless projector slides of David Bowie, Gackt, and t.A.T.u
to be clear, I am not saying that black women shouldn’t run for president, but that the next white woman I see tweeting at Michelle Obama to run for POTUS because “Alabama showed me that it’s time to listen to black women” is getting knocked
ain’t letting shit slide no more
charles adores and idolizes me and tbh i can't blame him i'm a pretty great role model
It had been a while for this pain. I can't move or do anything. This is terrible
These niggas really Be stunting with prop money man. I kan’t respect it
I hate feeling like I disappoint people I care about..I really do try, I just can't always make people happy even though I really want to and do my best.
I wish school didn't start back tomorrow. I'm tired of work. I wish I was going to be in the Georgia dome tomorrow at 7! I would love a million dollars. Looking for a full time chef/nanny. But shit life goes on.
Being a passenger with my teen son at the wheel has brought “back seat driver” to a new level. He a good driver, but I just can’t take it...
people only threw up on the side of the road outside our building when i got home from work hows your friday night going
I can tell you who I won’t be friends with this semester keep the fucking bad vibes out of my life.
Whoever gets a tweet and its very important but doesn't acknowledge it....your an asshole. But a super clean one
dating my bestfriend is practically dating me. that’s my other half. if I don’t approve you will not be with her. if you do stupid shit all the time I’m not gonna allow my bby to continue being hurt. bye. your dick was small anyways.
lolll when someone gets mad at you for being mad. but they in the wrong :)) so ya can’t speak ya feelings.
Why do drunk people always cry and say don’t tell my mama like they a disappointment ? first of all you grown and you weren’t thinking about ya moms when you were tossing those shots back .
Lowkey developing an infatuation with kylo ren/Adam driver that I need to burn with fire bc noonono can't go down that path again lfflldkdkskdkcickfidysts
Ion got time for ppl actin crazy
and THIS is why I always say I hate AT&T.
Hate when people can't keep their word
I keep shit a stack with everybody, so there isn’t a reason why anyone should dislike me
And, running into Black gays who wasn’t checking for other Black gays #Why I Left Gay Apps
Ugh! As much as I try, I can’t seem to shake it off! #Are All Mother In Laws The Same
can't quite understand the games you play
The thought of leaving Australia in the early hours of the morning isn’t half depressing
ur pockets in a drought water couldn’t even save them
Man , with a fire for God ... y’all just don’t know what I’m capable of . // #Gods Work #121
I ain’t gone lie Icon by Jaden Smith a banger
Can’t wait till Maze Runner 3 come out wtf
i just realizedj wanna one won't even see me make it to 20 years old and now i wanna Die with a capitla Die
Well, of course OPM is not Jeje... It's just that the nonsense lyrics of some are making it one. Just stick listening to what you like, we don't have the same perspective of things
When you haven’t eaten all day bc you were hungover but now it’s 5am and you’re wanting a 3 course meal
I love other pretty girls that don’t be on that mad hating shit.
Cause I swear for the last time I won't trust myself with you
maybe my sister wouldn’t be a borderline alcoholic if you weren’t such a piece of shit
Crazy shit I Rl ain’t even spoke to dat bitch
$400,000 ring? I don't think so. He's still paying for that house he bought his Mom in the settlement # sweet i e pies
I really wish i didn’t have feelings :-)
Get you a bag & don't fumble it
It's because they were idiots who didn't understand the concept of respect!
I spent about 5 hours studying and doing notes for physics so if I don't get at least a 90 on my quiz tommorow I might as well dropout.
wow I was so sad today but also a big part of that I got out on Q1 on hq bc I was so distracted by my own talking that I didn't even know it started
i can’t explain it ... i’m into you , & every little thing you do
Can’t go a day without aggravation
I promise I don’t like people
I swear I stopped messing with a nigga because the girl he talked to was accused of burning I couldn’t play with my life
I don't want nobody else but you..
About to roll up and write on these pages cause ain’t no more tears 2018 I’m too much of a good soul
my friend: “is there somewhere else i can watch stranger things other than netflix because i don’t wanna use netflix”
If citizens practiced each other friendship, they wouldn't need to justice.
how the heck am i supposed to download stuff from netflix when the wi fi isn't working, angerey
Men are like bank accounts. Without a lot of money they don’t generate a lot of interest.
I deserve it . I ain’t in denial .
respect yourself enough to let go of someone who doesn’t see your worth
#MYASU I'm not scared to say when I'm wrong. I agree with y'all saying I should've provided constructive criticism because thats what I would've wanted.
Still hasn’t sunk in that Georgia is actually playing for a National championship tomorrow #Keep The Main Thing The Main Thing
can’t stand cheesecake but this oreo cheesecake in the fridge look promising ;$
I can feel all the HATE but can’t relate to none of this sucka shit
I don’t think there is a more fun player to watch than Steph Curry.
I understand why some people decided to be vegan. Some of this horrifying videos I watch made me wanna become vegan but.... I love my meat so much and having meat isn’t against my religion. However I’m gonna start eating less meat.... Next tweet.
if you haven’t watched Hidden Figures.....wow pls watch it
I just wanna be cuddled up with you, smelling your skin, kissing your chest, playing in your beard. Can’t wait for Papa to come homeeeeee
“We r wearing black 2 show our support we love being Activists lol” If y’all don’t put the people accused of sexual assault in jail no one cares if all u Hollywood whites are wearing a fuckjng color oh my GOD
I get so jealous over the stupidest shit like I’m so stupid and dumb I don’t deserve to be loved tbh no one could stand to be with me I’m so fucked up I am sorry
I’m hoping Trump pushing back his “Fake News Awards” is to attack Breitbart. Mostly because he clearly doesn’t understand who/what is base is, just getting back at people.
no longer skipping gospel when it comes on during shuffle so don’t give me the aux lol.
It doesn't know how to say what it wants to say, and what it wants to say is legitimate and thorny and interesting. It is certainly not some focused reactionary manifesto.
I staaaayy subtweeting everyone omg and I ain't sorry
I can’t wait to figure out what’s wrong with me so I can say this is the way that I used to be
They in real life jst don't respect me
- just because you couldn’t get it through your fucking minds that they weren’t together, no matter how many times them themselves stated it
ppl overuse the term 'best friend' so much that I don't even think they know what it means to be a best friend.
making others down won't lift u up
I just don’t feel like getting in a relationship right now.... sorry.
Smh I can't just go anywhere and get drunk in peace
If Ewan McGregor isn’t al least a cameo in the Obi Wan movie Ima have a bf
never been so hydrated & my elbows aren’t weirdly pointy rn ....
I don't care if all people in school call me weird-weirdo-whatever is that
Multiple left-leaning Native American activists have now said her flirtation with a Native American identity was problematic, but not without adding this follow up: elders care more about it than younger Native Americans, & she hasn't engaged our community.
Salam afternoon semua im hungry but i cant walk
And if I don’t feel like responding right then I won’t. I work with folks all day & night, Ion be tryna have no interaction sometimes fr
Where's my fuckin snow? This doesn't feel like Colorado anymore
You shouldn't sleep on people cause you don't know what people are capable of.
Ha, Peskin finally blocked me, don't know what took him so long.
You never thought I wasn’t going to be subscribing to Will Smith’s Vlogs
It would be very complex and IU t could not experience water evaporation or freeze.
No wonder God told me not to support the globes. Don't be whit the world. Amen. Congrats to all winners especially 3 billboards and guilermo del toro.
Bryson Tiller and Kehlani still haven’t topped the albums they dropped in 2015.
I don’t got beef with nobody lmao I clearly handled mines keep that negative energy away from me 2018 please and Thank you
At this point the challenge isn't getting back to bed, it's staying awake for the rest if the day.
Couldn’t ever see myself putting my hands on a woman.
If I ever ranted and said I was quitting photography, don’t take me serious. People can be annoying as hell though.
#Nobody Should Ever Feel Like they can’t rise to greatness
Don’t come at me on no freak tip bitch because you will get blocked
lmao stay aside i don’t want you in my way
wow i’m not even surprised she didn’t get it at first
I'm old school. Don't need the heating on, just an old fashioned hot water bottle to snuggle with...until it slowly leaks through the night and you wake in a soaking, freezing bed! Joy.
I can't think of getting old, it only makes me want to die
I keep thinking I have to get ready for work tomorrow but then remembering I took the day off* and it's such a great feeling. *Had a few appointments, didn't want to stress about making it back to work afterwards.
I picked up my pen and I don’t know how to write anymore :///
"In exchange for my life..I want to return Mikage's life to a happy life where he doesn't meet me" ~ Teito Klein
My year won't start til Febuary. January is just a free trial month
Can’t wait to curl up with a good book or two over the next few days finally
Whelp guess they ain't like that response
It beats me black and blue but it fucks me so good and I can't get enough.
If Greta couldn't win, I'm glad Guillermo did
If you got a top less selfie from a random number that thinks you’re someone else and they don’t believe you when you say “wrong number “ what do you do ?
Y’all don’t understand how happy I was to finally go to a Lakers game at the Staples Center
bae talked me into hitting the gym with her . i sweated bacon grease and barbecue sauce . cant believe i let myself become a real life fat nigga . *smh*
Rich people wearing black isn’t revolutionary
Tomorrow I’m getting back into my morning gym routine and I can’t wait
10 days left in the semester and my teacher still hasn't put in our grades
Gave myself a hysterical full blown anxiety attack because I hadn’t heard from my dad in like 8 hours. After bothering his roommates he was just sleeping and now I can’t fall asleep because my body is still awake despite my mind being at ease. Sigh.
Don’t take life too seriously. # L i b r a moon thoughts
If he knows he is your weakness and threatens to walk away when you question him about his love for you, he isn’t the one for you.
Phone going dnd ! Don’t wanna be bothered !
I go dancing in, (We could go dancing in)
Men only want money because they want women. Don't be one of the pathetic impotents who can't follow through.
LEAVE PEOPLE WHO DON'T APPRECIATE YOUR EFFORTS PEOPLE WHO AREN'T EVEN WORTH YOUR ENERGY STAP IT
Don't invade Russia in the winter
hUhHHhHhH???? i won’t go to school for three days because its my freaking bed rest. i got admitted to mmc last night that’s why the doctor said i should stay at home until tuesday. stop spreading fake news gago get your facts right :>
I’m glad they called Zoey out for bein a trash ass friend. She wasn’t right for that
I ain't tryna stress about a fucking ting now!
up like I ain’t got a 8 am tomorrow
This is the tweet I believe means I cannot sleep. I won't get anything done today it's 12 AM... Yeah if I try five hours could work! Just no talkie talkie! I'll just hiss at stupid people! Haha ten points for references!
Tables turn, bridges burn, you live and learn
I’d never hype good I couldn’t get full off of just piss me off
they don’t see your worth as much as i do.
Made my side nigga my main nigga cause he don’t argue
if i tell you how i feel , don’t question that shit. like im not ready just pull some like that out my ass
Don’t get me wrong she loves MC Magic so she was hyped af, but it was parshally for myself
I don’t know why y’all keep watching these fixed ass award shows year after year...
Can’t say no to you damnnn
Don't talk to me, do you understand?
❤︎I'm causing a disruption in the army? I didn't realize anything was wrong...
First started off as my little bitch, wasn't even fuckin then
Yes! I can attest to that
“Married the first man that called you pretty. You fuck dumb. You don’t marry dumb”
can’t wait to be madly in love with someone and them feeling the same about me
If it ain’t worth dying for, you don’t wanna be in it
I don’t want to annoy myself..
I'm wearing my poncho next weekend when I go out and ain't no one going to tell me otherwise
If I had the genetics to grow a full beard, y’all wouldn’t be ready for my fuckery
nah i’m really hype for this 34 degree weather tomorrow like we don’t have to freeze
I cut my hand now I can’t jerk off
What I don’t get is why it’s so weird to me to even think about talking to someone who’s younger than me like hello mercy you’re getting old everyone’s younger than u lol
it’s pretty sad when your mom won’t even buy you birthday presents cause she has to save money for alcohol. i’m gonna have a great birthday huh
Wow why did my mind just imagine such amazing things that probably won’t ever happen
If I stay with you, and I choose wrong, I don't care at all ~
I actually love having a group project due the second week of class and having to already struggle to find time to meet with 2 other people at a commuter campus in addition to completing class readings t's actually so good I love it a lot
I splurged on way too much closeout Sofia stuff today and I really shouldn't have (that timing!), but it's now or never. And now I feel like a giggling madman...
What is Roy's twitter handle? I can't get it to populate in the search.
Every time I see Lamelo ball all I think of is his barber tryna fade out his eyebrows
i come up with the funniest jokes in my head
ain’t had nobody genuinely ask am I okay in a minute, everybody think a nigga got it good huh lol
Don’t text me tomorrow around 8 till 11.
My love is special, I don't think jus anyone deserves it. Nor anyone's love. It should be strategically disputed. Given only to those who have set up their life in the best situation for your love to prosper.
Y’all a year won’t change how you act just because it is 2018 doesn’t mean life is going to be easier and you are going to be happier. You have to make the choice to have a happier mindset
When I was young I hated to go to bed. Now I can’t get enough of it
I can’t wait for my baby’s surprise tomorrowwww
I hate when I start a new series and I can't bring myself to go to stop and go to sleep.
“You mustn’t be afraid to dream a little bigger darling.”-Eames
I still pray for sanity at night . Just because I go to sleep doesn’t mean I dream sweet
Stay happy, don't waste your time being sad or mad it's not gonna benefit anything. So stay happy my bitches ??
i still can’t get over “at least you’re not actually having a baby to poop out”
Can't you remember? We've been living inside this house since we were little.
I’m not a cold person, I just don’t care about your feelings.
definitely wasn't a lost but a lesson forsure and i appreciate the opener
I can’t believe somebody really said Lil Baby music better than Youngboy !! So disrespectful!
i can't believe i heard the hq versions of jisung's killer part and felix's verse 2
“You can jail a revolutionary, but you can’t jail a revolution”
Can’t believe Dante and I have been together for a year already time truly flies when your happy
I shouldn’t have taken that nap
Whenever I see videos of really fat animals I just start crying. I can’t help it, I think they are so cute but it also makes my heart sad.
Trying too hard to escape reality can’t focus on my self right
I don’t trust NOBODY! Therefore I don’t want ANYBODY! NO EXCEPTIONS IDGAF WHO YOU ARE!!!
“I’m shallow enough that you wouldn’t be my friend if you were ugly”
i know some you guys haven’t seen me in a few weeks but i just wanted to remind you all that i’m still a snack
Don’t you EVER favor a character on Game of Thrones because they’re just gonna die. Every. Single. Time. # p is sed
It’s really colddd in here nd i can’t take it
It wouldn't stop Shran from pissing off T'Pol. # all star trek
When you haven’t been on this thing for over 2 years and realize that your pic is from 40 pounds ago.
Also Lana Del Rey is claiming she wasn't inspired by creep, but has offered 40% royalties anyways, and they still want 100%. Like what actual loss are they experiencing anyways? If anything people saying "This sounds like Radiohead" are probably directing them more attention.
The most common way to give up power is to think you don't have any
To be mad in a deranged world isn't madness
That boy said don’t touch his charger on his side of the bed
Ain’t this the best news I could wake up too right now the boy got the job
Don't waste your time on explanations, people only hear what they want to hear.
Don’t nobody want to talk to me bout my love problems lol
Hb stay wit a mf that don't make and drain you for yours #This Cheating Shit
I don't remember the episode, but Crow did that whole go to lunch bit.
I never would have made it if I didn't have # God .
You don’t notice shit till you realize somethings not the way it use to be or how it should be
So I'm literally on my third #Fit Bit in 18 months, it seems they only have a life span of six months, don't even know why I bother, it's such a poor product.
it's 6am and i haven't gone to sleep :^) i have to get up in one (1) hour
Rantarou wears rings all the time why don’t you question hhim
i won’t be able to sleep tonight so school better be cancelled
I’m honestly tired of giving people energy they don’t deserve or reciprocate. I’m really bout to be on some savage shit 2018. Not sorry in advance.
Fuck, all I wanna do is sleep but I have to start getting ready for my interview on an hr. And I'm scared that if I take a nap I won't wake up to my alarm
Misty Upham was allegedly raped by a Harvey Weinstein associate in the men's bathroom at the #Golden Globes just a few years ago. She died mysteriously soon after. Don't let her story be ignored. #Justice For Missy #Remember Misty Upham
“titties are there to feed babies but that doesn’t mean i don’t like sucking on them either” someone said this in my science class the other day and i D I E D
One good deed doesn’t make me a good guy I am no hero
// I hate to stress this but D'hex isn't me, so don't take her interactions like a literal thing. She's always thinking SCIENCE and sometimes doesn't realise her offending, because she believes she's helping the realm. So please.
A nigga be having to much time on his hands. Why wasn’t I born a horsefly.
today my uncle asked what my plan b is if i don’t get into law school & my dad snapped back “she doesn’t need a plan b. my daughter is excellent.” the support i have is so amazing.
How can someone be so forgiving but them not be able to forgive themselves only because if it was the other way around, they wouldn’t forgive.
Spread positivity. What's the point of spreading negative vibes? Happiness is such a major key.Don't take someone's happiness away from them
ROSS AND RACHEL ARE MENT FOR EACHOTHER. END OF STORYYYYYYY
if you don’t think i’m debating bringing back all of my middle school throwback songs you are DEAD wrong
On #Live P D stiks said that bb guns aren't lethal but just last year in kulpmont pa just up the road a lady killed her husband with one
Sorry, there is a difference between being bitter and being petty. With that being said sit your bitter behind down
Me when Taylor hadn't been seen in months: where is Taylor I'm bored Taylor: releases an album Me a month later: where is Taylor I'm bored
My mama always told me... “come clean and you won’t have as harsh of consequence” tell me the truth I’m very understanding about life
Do not try to talk to men while they're pissing at the urinal. don't even say anything because they'll turn their heads looking like animals about to be pounced
This Ouija movie is so cheesy but I can’t look away
━━━━━━━ this ain't addin up┃ └━━━━━━━┘ 7 ┃ 8┃ 9┃ /┃ ━┛━┛━. |━ ┛ 4 ┃5 ┃6 ┃ + ┃ ━┛━┛━┛━┛ 1 ┃ 2 ┃ 3 ┃ = ┃ ━┛━┛━┛━┛
To my ex: get off my Twitter. Don't make me go private just to avoid you. Better for both of us
i really will cry if i don’t go to the Lana concert in austin on my birthday
Quisiera tatuarme but I can’t :(
# S c or pi o have a sharp tongue. They will say the words you don't want to hear and don't talk to them if you can't take the truth.
SOMEONE SANG " DON'T PUT ALL YOUR EGGS IN ONE BASKET. "
didn’t you know i was waiting on you
Do me a favour. Don’t come crying to me just because Jem does something you don’t like!
I can't wait to see insidious!
Actually I’m back. I get it. h**den is cute but 1) can’t act 2) anakin was like awful (when he was Vader) 3) again what did I miss
I don't let people close to me anymore because everybody some bs if you ask me
Earlier I told my 4yo brother to put up his bike (he rides it in the house) so I wouldn’t trip over it. I just found it in my bathroom.
Still waiting for that tweet saying we don’t have school Monday. Rather that than a call at 5:30am
Help! I was cleaning up the house in preparation for bed and I found my husband watching “Old School” in bed and won’t let me change the channel. This is a hostage situation!
Being uneducated doesn’t have anything to do with how much schooling you have, it’s how much you educate yourself on the world around you.
i don’t care for self titling an album man that just seems so boring.
Somebody once told me the world is gonna roll me I ain't the sharpest tool in the shed
My dad is a big part of my life. If he don't approve, I won't be able to be with you.
old bitch can't get her facts straight smh
I need to change my position to sleep but my cat is resting on my leg and she's snoring and I can't move or I'll wake her lil precious self
oh i know why people think we’re married it’s the rings, isn’t it
Minds are like parachutes; they work best when open. -T. Dewar
I say “house” because that wasn’t a “home” for me
I don’t ever really allow myself to have fun and have a crazy night so hopefully i get that for Breon’s birthday
Why everytime I eat, my stomach be wilding out I can’t even eat in peace
Anyways started work at 9 but I rocked up at 1030 .... honestly didn’t know we started at 9 but I love my boss cos we finished at 12 YOU THE MAN
don’t i just love being invalidated by people who are supposed to be my own blood
Frances McDormand, Gary Oldman, Coco, James Franco, Oprah and Sterling K. Brown deserved all those globes. couldn't be happier about these ps. Sebastian Stan, just saying #Golden Globes
You seem like a nice guy. GET THE HELL OUT OF CALIFORNIA . Been there, done that, and it is better, by miles. elsewhere. You don't have a chance.
I hate the people who don’t respect relationships like uhhh what
I don’t get to see my dog for 4 months
I just ‘love’ how FFXV doesn’t even TRY to comfort you with anything(excluding the alternate ending) . They’re just like ‘haha nope, these guys died in the most horrific way possible . ‘ or ‘ooh! YOU have to kill them’ the hell, sqeenix?
Don’t have to work till 11 tomorrow so naturally me and the boys will try our luck duck huntin in the mornin hope to have the same luck as yesterday
Why isn’t Zoey 101 on Netflix yet...
I’ve helped so many people elevate themselves last year and I haven’t progressed myself due to helping others.....I’m sorry but this year I’m focusing all my attention on me. It’s time to take care of myself now.
Can't believe that there were floods in the east side. Take care~
Ron Rivera desperately needs an optometrist appointment. There wasn't a receiver within 20 yards of Cam's throw and video reply shows he was CLEARLY inside the tackles. # in t grounding #Saints Win # sweep
i can’t wait to be all about a guy who all about me someone who can’t stand when i’m mad & always wanna see me happy . best believe he getting it all & THEN SOME
i don’t wanna get out of bed but if i don’t i’ll never hear the end of it
My niece has one of those invisible ink pens that you can't see unless you put one of those lights on it & she wanted to write on me so I let her and she shined the light on it and well she wrote the word "shit" on me
Update: I have swiped right, was not a match for me hopefully he hasn’t seen me yet and there is still a chance
"You can't stop the feelings you have for someone. And you can't lie to yourself either, you're heart knows the truth all too well."
22. I can't think of anything to be honest.
“..my music isn't just music- its medicine.”
i’m starting my last semester of high school tomorrow and i can’t tell whether i’m excited about it or sad!!! ://
We don't talk anymore and I should be mad but your the one that switched up not I
haven’t even looked at my schedule for tomorrow
I don’t wanna say I told you so, but I told you so
I can't give this good pipe to anybody it gotta be worth it
Tommy Wiseau, James Franco doesn't treat you right. He is not your friend at all. God fucking speed. #Golden Globes
Why can't you just love me?
THREE BILLBOARDS is the new DALLAS BUYERS CLUB, isn't it
I can’t even listen to city and colour anymore
I don’t want yo bitch I text her rat ass every blue moon
Art doesn’t wanna pick my nail color so what color should I get y’all
i couldn’t imagine BEING that girlfriend either
If you can you will, if you can't you won't. Just do your best and you'll never disappoint yourself! ~Roz Fruchtman #Think B I G Sunday With Marsha
i thought this made sense but it doesn’t
When I hear about me in the past I'm like honestly I don't know her
If “I’m looking California and feeling Minnesota” isn’t one of the best lines in a song, I don’t know what is.
Gotta be up by 7 Nd can’t sleep
I am 17. I don't have a job, I don't even have my permit. I'm a deadbeat, I sit around at home. I'm not exceptionally good at anything. I'm just trash. Why can't I be somebody?
Yo deadass if I hit you up tryna make plans and you don’t hit me up , don’t ever bother speaking to me again. I’m not interested in a internet, 2 dimensional relationship . Fuck you
Y’all just think everyone in leather is in BTS don’t you?
Don’t come roun me ion fw you.
Maybe someday I won’t spend hours of my life scrolling through Facebook marketplace listing after used garbage but here I am
"Lucy's our comrade. I won't hand her over even if I die." - Gray Fullbuster
Another bitch will when another bitch can't
I don’t know why i think “he looks like he needs his dick sucked” is a compliment
love love love when boys are genuinely sweet and don't try to act all "hard" around their friends :)))
The new insidious looks coo. I’m tryna see it but I don’t wanna be paranoid after
I'm preparing a list of my symptoms for the doctor: •Everything hurts •Can't breathe •Can't think •Strange lack of desire to watch Kdramas • Fever
(Some of the men didn’t even bother to wear black tuxedoes) #Times Up
bestie forever bitch you can’t cut me off or ima expose you
So PSA ihop In delano is stupid expensive and I don’t think it’s worth the money spent
I remember doing that esp during the winter lol. Wasn’t trying to get up in the mornings lol.
i’ve decided i don’t care what anyone else thinks about my style & im gonna wear whatever i think is cute bc IM what makes it cute
btw occasionally I RT/like my own. If I didn’t like wouldn’t post up. It’s not cocky but I’ll take it. If u post u must like even if yoursGot 99 issues speaking MY Knowledge out loud neva eva was one
“ don’t chase after a bitch who don’t wanna run with you ”
An offensive coordinator who haven't called plays in 20 years shouldn't even be a candidate for the job.
When you wake up in the morning, out for a hot cup of a tea, and then you see people drive with their mobile attached to their heads... People won't realise that life is more precious than a call! # no phone when you drive # dying to take call # drive cautiously
Haven’t been playing llsif in a while :/
They laughed at me so I can’t wait to start actin funny
So #Makhaya Ntini didn’t resign voluntarily, he was pushed out for demanding strict discipline? Looks like # Z i m b ab we cricket team has gone full # Sad t u ...
I done seen everything but the wind
Okay, as I've been saying, WHAT IS THE ACTUAL POINT OG MY EXISTANCE IF LEE JOOHYYN AND PARK JISUNG DON'T END UP COLLABING ONE DAY
niggas don’t come around if you don’t got shit to offer and bitches a hold you down but nigga that shit a cost ya
Get your soul right!!!!! Don't focus on ANYTHING or ANYONE until you get delivered!!!
I don’t care what it’s about. Be honest with me
Can’t stop Won’t stop Get Guap
You don't become enormously successful without encountering and overcoming a number of extremely challenging problems.
Eleven-hundred pounds of raw muscle, power, grace, and sweat between your legs- it's something you just can't get from a pet hamster.
Natalie Portman is on Instagram and there are NO WORDS to express how happy I am and idc if you don’t get it. She’s a dream and absolute perfection and I love her
Week one of school and I’m fucken stressed, 5 chapters of hw due Tuesday, exam on Tuesday, I have to study for the exam, and I did the homework and don’t understand man
You feel sad? Don't be mad, everything will be perfectly fine...
Do it look like i have money? No don’t ask me for shit
Lol dudes think since I play 2k they can’t get smoked in cod
I didn’t watch the Golden Globes tonight. Did John Wick 2 sweep like it deserves to?
Rich people don’t represent me, and Hollywood celebs are no exception
almost fell in love with my bestfriend... but then God said he wasn’t the one.
Ones the devil. One keeps driving me insane. At times I wonder, if they ain't both the same.
Pros and cons to having a sex toy: Pros 1. Doesn’t talk back 2. Can’t get pregnant/ no stds 3. Will actually get you off Cons 1. Forgetting to put it away before the cleaning ladies arrive. 2. ????? 10/10
when it come to certain people I act like I got amnesia
All I do is gym and read books now, but that shit don't get me friends.
I paid over $1000 in tickets in 2017. I literally drive like a granny now. I cruise control every where. My right foot don’t play the music.
Things go real well for a few days then a thing of the past again don't understand why an probably never will......
Noses are forest green asters are seagreen sugar is sweet and so on
Don't be one of the 25+ million Americans who will be involved in a collision this year. Drive ethically. # respect 2018-01-07T22:19:10.490454
National Championship day so of course I can’t sleep. How convenient that classes are starting
I don’t give my boy enough credit for all he does for me and all the reassurance he gives meee
I don't wanna miss you, like the other girls do
It’s crazy when you can’t do for others, you become fake, irrelevant and useless to them
Technically speaking the self-driving is kind of cool. But this isn't the first time, self-driving was on its way to the marketplace. # N v i di a #CES2018
you honestly have to be one of THEEEEE FUNNIEST people I’ve met my whole life can’t wait to see you
I haven’t been this happy in a while dude it’s crazy.
Lol I’ll get real nasty I swear but I ain’t even on nun on dat
Is it me or does it seem like all the fast food places are running extreme specials right now because most peoples New Years resolution is eating healthy and they don’t want to loose business
I swear the XRP haters are jerking themselves off so hard because KRW isn't on XRP CMC right now lol
Fucked up we can’t be together
Punisher is a BA show.. Why didn't anyone tell me to watch this?
I don't care if the Flames is my home NHL team but the Anaheim Ducks are still my team! The only reason the Flames won was because if luck and the copying tactic! The blocked Gibson's view
Why don't you tell me w….
It feels like some of you don’t want to talk to me
Don't miss me when im gone because you're the reason that I'm not around.
I can’t sleep I’m so screwed for tomorrow
i literally don’t trust a damn soul fuck all of ya
If the weeknd doesn’t affect you in your life. Are you really living?
And I guarantee you won’t find someone that is more loyal or more about you than me
Gotta be born real shit don't happen overnight..
I just can't help but giggle every time I hear thai language spoken. it's amazing how they can use different sound emphasize for different meaning. more or less like chinese.
Kristin and her mom surprised me and they’re taking me to Florida and I can’t wait to get away for a while with them
I'm not a Nolan fanboy. TDKR was underwhleming, and Interstellar was interesting but hollow. It is as a cultured film critic that I say that if you can't appreciate the beauty of TDK/Batman Begins, you're cinematic opinions are not worth listening to.
I don’t even know why I’m upset.
By far the best person I know and I can’t believe I created him from nothing
"We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them." - Albert Einstein
I don’t tell anyone my future son’s name bc I don’t want anyone to steal it
You can give a nigga your all & they would still treat u like you don’t mean shit !
Don’t go through life thinking your dreams are irrational. If you dream it, believe in it, and make it happen. You are the only one who can stop yourself from reaching your goal
i just can’t with too much rain
I know you ain't living right, I don't put nothing past no one
Keep people around that aren't afraid to tell you when you're fucking up
can’t stop looking at pics of Billie Joe on tour #Green Day
am i the only one who envy’s people who haven’t seen ur fav tv show bc they can still get that feeling of experiencing it for the 1st time?
I wish I didn’t feel this way I feel hurt and confused My biggest downfall is how much I care and that seems to translate into me being a bad person.
So.. why still "live" when u feel so emptying, like you're already dead? It's your soul needing and screaming for God's helps.. you just don't see it .. if u don't want..
i can’t wait to lose my baby face
(On the phone) Me: señor fancy pants! Lara: what? Me: should I bring Dylan up to the house? Lara: yes Me: I don’t want to (Hangs up phone)
Is this nirvana we're in now or ain't it?
MASSPRODUCTION (i can't consume what's made with love)
It don't hurt to admit to her she was right it hurts to admit to myself she was right
Sometimes I hate that I didn’t give you enough attention...
Pretending to be happy when you’re not isn’t strength... that’s fear.
These ho's don't care. All they see is money, bags, flights and be ready to hop on any nigga dick ok. Y'all gone learn about playing with y'all life! Unt unnnnn
It’s kinda annoying doing music for a project that’s actually good cause I can’t really make fun of it on here
Im slowly gaining my weight back and my hair is growing back and my skin is clear basically I can’t go back to college Bc being Home has made me so much healthier
I went to the mall today & only got what I needed. Didn’t even walk into any other store. & also did not online shop this week! May not sound like much but for me it’s a huge accomplishment & I’m proud. Lol
Don't cry for a man who's left you; The next one may fall for your smile.
& that brother asked my other brother were his car was but his dumbass didn’t remember because when we moved it he was drunk
Can’t go home alone again. Need someone to numb the pain.
A mf ain’t gon fw me halfway! If you ain’t tryna fw me the long way then I will cut you off it’s that simple
a fob roll wouldn’t be a fob roll if it weren’t for the pâté
I don’t start the semester til next week but I’ve been constantly thinking about it a lot, whyyy
"For be a friend, it doesn't need any rules." -Gon
Hoping you don’t forget bout me
ANYWAYS i can't wait for black panther to SNATCH everyones wigs next month i love black excellence
Funny how I never had this specific problem until I couldn’t go to Bloody Mary’s.
Humans in this world have cause a lots of problems to this earth. One day humans will suffer fm very cold n hot. This is bcoz some of humans is too greedy. That y create name n problems. Haven can’t help it.
I don't even know myself anymore.
what I’m trying to say is that if men had periods there’d be a cure by now and we wouldn’t accept it as a fact of life
Why we playing a game and this girl had to name 3 types of hats and she gone say..... “Snap backs.....and tattoos.” Like whaat?
Lord don’t let me hold this case
I don’t trust people! Prolly why I don’t be tryna talk fr
Lol but she had to cook clean and suck dick to keep him. I ain't with it. Lol why I'm still single
your name doesn't make me smile anymore
Its funny how some people doesn't like you even they don't know you personally plus they only know you through social media. You haven't talk personally to me yet but dah judge aku mcm2. Mcm la kita pernah dduk sekatil, sebilik, serumah smh
My dog funeral tomorrow can’t believe it
i can’t control my feelings but i hate how my feelings can control me.
I wanna be the boyfriend for when someone ask “That’s you?” I can reply with “She cute ain’t she”
If you think it can’t get worse it will LOL
I can’t not read Dotard’s tweets without asking how the hell did America come to this? And my own father supports this? What in Sam hell is happening?
I asked Nate if we could practice tomorrow, it's been so long. He said he isn't playing techno right now, D&B and I'm like damn, has it been that long?
Move in silence can’t hang with these loud mfs
Of course I can’t go to sleep when I have to go to work tomorrow
i almost didn't make it to 2018 so my motto/approach for this year is TAKE NO FUCKING SHIT
I’ll help anybody that’s just me, but don’t ever try to make a fool of me...
"Don't be the first to destroy something just because you don't trust that it's real. Give up this idea that nobody can know you and still love you. "
I haven't been able to fall asleep at a decent time in weeks
Mfs be so crazy like omg
I can’t even connect to the internet on my pc smfh
You never fail and you won't start now
Can’t wait to go to brunch with my friends tomorrow
can't wait for [redacted] to be in a musical
If you don't like me, please don't ever pretend to like me."
wait trey songz has a kid?
i don't know if 'xavy man' is any better than 'xavy boy'
Rappers talk subliminal but they don’t talk to me put them in the jersey shore like Pauly d
actually think there’s something wrong with me because im craving a fat glass of coke and i usually hate t
Be strong, but not rude. Be kind, but not weak. Be bold, but don't bully. Be humble, but not timid. Be proud, but not arrogant. - anon
Don't let me let you let me go.
Don’t feel like rolling but I’m wide awoke like I don’t have to work
I think my old mutual is jealous bc I don’t talk her much anymore but she’s kinda toxic. idk what to do
You can’t say “philly style” and then Harlem shake
It is actually so ingrained into women that they are weak and can not fight back... It's sad. You don't have to be the same size as or bigger thanan attacker. You have to know a number of techniques. And you can learn those by training and practice.
*he Ugh. It is late. He won breakfast. Probably cause he literally didn’t sleep last night & he played “I will mentally exhaust her to win”
Do I have to be at work at 8 am? Yes. Am I eating Oreos in bed because I can’t sleep? Also yes.
I can't believe our road death rate isnt higher as much as y'all like to post whole songs while you're driving on some bumpy road on your snap
In middle school I used to care about what people thought about me and when people weren’t my friends anymore ... now look at me, FUCK YOU AND YA FEELINGS BITCH.
thinking back i liked max more than i did chloe but the. before the storm came out and it made me Love chloe and even rachel more than max and realizing max isn’t. that good of a person lol.
A lot of people think they know me and they do, they know who I am now, but they don’t know about me.
Uh I need to turn in papers to financial aid at BC but I don’t have a way to get there
Don’t get content & stay in one spot, live a little.
This year do yourself a favor make a money plan. It's easy to make a budget. Hit me up if you need help.
Been on my grind I ain’t usually home.
i’m gonna start loyal liking now since my fake ass hasn’t done it a long while
Finally got myself caught up with #The Blacklist tonight. The show as the best it has ever been. Love where it is going. Can't wait for more!
See I want this to happen but I don’t know how to start. I hate everything.
Golden Globes. Who gives a f*ck? I bet Paddington bear wasn't even invited.
it's 5 am and i'm in pain and i can't sleep
I’m coming for everything they said I couldn’t have , i love my doubters just as much as my supporters .
we've all done it before. i'm no saint. but i recognize my mistakes and i'm very tired of fighting the same battles every day. i'm choosing to love the powerful women i love and respect all the rest. there's no reason to start a fight where there isn't one.
I just pray that it won't kill my art passion, I just got it to start to flow again
I can't trust somebody who hang around any & everybody
If you can't do the little things right, you will never be able to do the big things right
Y’all ain’t getting a dime tbh
"It's not what happens to you it's what you do about it that makes the difference." - Wilson Mitchell.
I think I'm the only one who talks to my Beta fish and calls them good boys. But they puff out their gills and get so happy making bubble nests. It's hard to think they don't know they are already.
I ended 35-5. My best Weekend this FIFA. But still. I lost 4 games that were bs. 1 deserved loss. The others were dumb. I need to play more on Friday and Saturday so that Sunday i don't have to play. i struggle Sunday's.
a bitch isn't allergic to anything !!!! fuck u dermatologists that told me not to eat sour foods n shit my whole life, I Am A Free Woman Now.
“why not? I saw you do it” Gene, don’t be such a child. what a brat.
sunday nights are always hard when you aren’t sleeping beside me.
they didn’t tell you?????????????? *voice becomes higher with each word*
i’m married now y’all in case ya didn’t know
if u don’t watch out. me n u fixin to mix
I’m that friend that even when i don’t have much to say or i can’t put it into words I’m praying for you rather you know it or not or if you wanna join hands in the midst I’m ready
why are bts always doing things
Teenage fantasy, want it when we can’t have it and when we have it we don’t seem to want it.
I don't like my men jealous.
Ain’t no ones fault but my own
Ah, a sweet little Trip/T'Pol scene. Love this. =) #All Star Trek
Ain’t nobody holding me back but myself at the end of the day
Oprah shouldn’t be president. I hope that isn’t a hot take
Coco was a great movie. Had me tearing up.
lately i've been calling ed "Squidward" & i honestly couldn't tell you why
there are a million + one tattoos i want but i’m too mf INDECISIVE!!
What about Yoh First Love ? He Played It Cold Didn’t He Made A Nigga Shed a Tear & He Changed A Nigga So we Fuck Em & Dump em
Women are and have the potential to be so powerful that terrified men have spent centuries trying to oppress us. Don’t be afraid; we’re in this together.
I always hate when dj leaves me or when I have to leave him and I can’t wait for the day that it doesn’t happen
didn't watch the #Golden Globes tonight but I'm listening to #Greatest Showman anyway
And it's a huge bummer because I was raised on that show. I loved, LOVED it and I love the other actors on it. But the woman has lost her goddamn mind and I can't support her. # Rose an ne
i don’t even miss my ex nigga... just the conversations we had, and the attention i used to get.
Don’t make mata mata naman people if your lineage reeks of aliping sagigilid.
Jeez.... I've had FOUR PEOPLE lately tell me, "I didn't know you were kinky!" HOW DID YOU NOT KNOW?
I feel if you really feelin yourself doesn’t matter how you do or show it. AND it most definitely doesn’t matter what anyone thinks of it
Someone crying doesn't mean weakness, it means they have been strong for too long. Don't be afraid to cry, it cleanses the soul.
I need to call Uber before first bag even drops. Rookie mistake. I won’t be home until midnight at this rate.
on god i just don’t like good guys okay idk what’s wrong w me just let me be
Wish I could've took some more online classes this semester but instead I'm gone be in the classroom..
my 1and1 poster fell off my wall just now ..... i don't know it's the fourth week
i slept really bad and i have to go to school but i couldn't rest properly during the whole night
Bright would be a better film if it wasn’t positioned with this racial perspective.
My depression is making a comeback and I don't know if it's because I've been snowed in for 5 days or that I'll have to go out in public tomorrow.
I had enough of international airports, I can’t wait to be home
Don't let a bad day make you feel like you'll have a bad life.
I just noticed that shrek forever after was recorded onto my DVR back in September and I don't know how it got there but I'm not mad about it
christmas break isn't even over yet and i'm ready for spring break 2018
"I don't know what to do. I don't want to serve raw egg." You sweet young man, that is the least of the horrible things you could serve the chefs, from what I'm seeing people making. #Worst Cooks
Fuck chipotle I can’t work with fake ppl bro
I don’t want to go back to work today.
On some real shit I don’t give no fucks bout no relationship I work Great alone I just want to be wealthy
I most definitely won't be getting any sleep tonight...
Don’t let small stuff stop you from enjoying life
im so glad we don't have school tomorrow
if you’re not funny i don’t think we’ll get very far.
i haven't talked to prof a lot as of late but tbh i'm glad prof and i are getting a chance to chit chat more
My only regret is that I didn't start doing this sooner! But it took the influence of friends to give it an honest shot and I'm super fucking happy with how it's turning out. Plus, D&D is an amazing cure to cabin fever.
you come back and like this tweet but not my orhers. eunha, do you want to go?
Highkey wish I was better at conventions and people skills but nah I’m quiet, never really have anything to say and just eh
How u supposed to be my wife u ain’t even cookin
I don't think that I have enough fun on a regular basis to necessitate having a Snapchat.
It's weird because it's not like it was the norm before but I guess everyone wants to be a model on there. I'm just looking for cigars, games, and funny shit.
I can’t even grocery shop at night in peace... who raised you niggas?
Don't take anything for granted, it could be gone the next day. And then there is nothing you can do about it
I know I don’t have any followers but if I get some I’d like this next tweet to get the most retweets okay.
Since you all judge movies on the woke to non-woke category that doesn't exist, I won't be discussing any award shows
something amazing about technology is that you could have an assignment that was assigned a week ago and have no idea about it until your brother asks 1 hour before it’s due if you’ve done it because the app doesn’t send you notifications!;))
just imagine swaying to this with your significant other.. Yup I'm convinced it is a must have
They hating, cuz they don’t wanna see a nigga prosper...
Why can’t they add New York undercover to a streaming service?
But to be recognized in certain circles on social . You can't be shallow with your heritage guys, come on . That should be above all this bs
Madden grind since we ain't got school
and now his music is on blast through earphones and we're listening to the same song wahahaha i cannot work properly like this
why hasn't David Lynch done anything with black mirror yet?
Like none of us care that you’re on the verge of breaking up do us all a favor and break up so we don’t have to see these Post about these made up gay relationship problems
But your love ain’t freeeeeeeee ohhhhh
Look at the sky, look at the river Isn't it good? - The Gnome
Just did a ton of online retail therapy that I’ll probably regret tomorrow... But I did use a gift card for most of it, so I don’t feel as guilty. *shrugs*
also the case was super not woke because they accused the mom of being a lesbian and therefore shouldn't have custody of her kid and that WORKED we have come so far
Them bitchez gon b bitchez det sum shit u can’t control
They all won't hurt you, because some are decent and would rather see you smile.
I can’t wait for albania in the summer man
Karma is a bitch and that bitch don’t love ya
jake is spamming so much oh my god i can't stand this guy my dudes
|| a guy friend of mine just blocked me cause I told him I wouldn’t go out w him because I’m in a committed relationship, I am screaming.
When you want pussy and don't get it.. Don't be petty. That is useless
I bought super burger for my fam and I earlier and I couldn’t even eat it ...I get a do over tomorrow
I don't brush my aesthetic so....
Screaming babies on planes don't bother me so much as reflect my essence
I may be broke, but at least I don't lie about it. Ain't no reason to lie about being financially stable. Might fuck around and end up paying for some shit you can't afford
Jay. Don't fucking sing Please don't "Elevate a little higher Let's throw a party in the sky And celebrate Elevate until we fly yeah Move, move your feet Until you levitate Come on let's elevate" Fucc
My texting skills horrible so don’t get mad but my ft will have you in tears laughing yo ass off
Still alive but I'm breathing, just praying to a god that I don't believe in
I learned that if you mute the word T&ump it won’t completely eliminate his existence from your timeline but it will clean it up A LOT. Recommended.
Muhfuckas out mad other people aren’t saying shit they care about like stand up for yourself, being all mad about someone else’s words
Too bad ain't no wholesome women up right now
It’s hard coming up with ideas for opinions that aren’t specific to color guard or books when those are the only two things you ever think about
im so sad that i’ve never seen demi live or met her,, this tour comes around and i can’t go again :)
Promise I won’t cry over spilled milk
Omg lets just hope i got accepted i’m not smart enough to think of my own research project
Lately I been feeling crazy so I ain’t been answering calls, I just been getting money and saving it keeping my back on the wall, I’m never gonna fall.
things shouldn’t be this way, but there is nothing I can do
He ain’t stupid enough to lose me to another nigga in these streets
If I’m down for you don’t ruin that shit
Shit throwing me left don’t know who to trust
Found out my old account was following 749 people. I hadn't used it in over 5 years
someone called me “that sad bitch” yesterday and they aren’t wrong
If I text you more than once and you don't reply to me. Fuck you. You're a dead piece of shit.
I can't ever listen to Good Morning Revival wtf is wrong with you.
Don't get me wrong, I'm actually a very polite and mannered gentlemen. It's part of my Chivalry!
I feel like the hashtag and all kind of just made it a trend and fashionable for tonight. Don’t get me wrong a lot of these women ARE putting in work but...it feels trendy tonight
Misery loves company. Be the person who doesn’t jump on the negativity train. Humor goes a long way!
Why wait until 2020? Why not make her President now? Admittedly, I didn't hear her speech (yet.) I just like # O p r ah .
Some drivers just die out of ignorance.. You can't drive a toyota vitz at 140km/h n expect stability.
i ain't always been happy but i miss the simpler times
‘get free’ sounds like ‘creep’ but ‘creep’ doesn’t sound like ‘the air that i breathe’ to me
Just noticing how things were, and that wasn't clever. That was just being observant.
kalo kata om ed sheelan "Don't call me baby unless you mean it." '-'
I wanna ask you if you love me.. but I don’t wanna seem so weak
It's okay, it's okay. You don't have to bear it alone, for I will cry together with you- Hatsune Miku - (Pierrot)
I know you seein someone that loves you, and I don’t want you to see no one else..
I act different when I notice mfs treating me less than I deserve. I’m not the one, I won’t stick around and wait for you to act right.
I miss you so bad can't believe how you walked away from my life
(( SERIOUSLY THOUGH. If anyone wants to try the with Tamatoa don't be petrified to DM me. I'll make Tama average height??? Instead of fucking gigantic.
i can’t be thinking ‘bout no past chick
I hate how it's like almost 60 during the day and cold af at night wtf this isn't fall it's winter
I’m just looking for reasons to drink so I don’t sound like an alcoholic.
It's always a curious thing why people have to go at such lengths to say what you aren't.
Was going to go to the gym this morning until i saw how frozen the car was. I couldn't even get into the car to start it or get the deicer out.
am i the only one that hates it that their dog knows you’re upset because you don’t want them to know how much pain you actually have because they’re just so pure or am i just overreacting
Award shows don’t determine what’s the best. Time does. And sometimes they match up, sometimes they don’t. But just never forget one thing... #Golden Globes is as big of a joke as the Grammys. It’s the worst.
first day of school tmr & professor won't be here but instead we boutta get a sub
I'd kill myself already if music didn't exist. Only thing that calms me down and soothes my soul.
Grant should just call off now pretty sure most of us aren’t going anyway lol
You don't want me to deactivate? I'll do whatever you want, you're my world
I don’t think I can do this next week with everyone else back at school.... get me back to Dayton PLEASE
Up next Mushe ft. Young T - Moshilongo
my weekend was soooo amazing haven’t been surrounded by so much love and positive energy in awhile like that
I have to be up at 6 why can't I sleep
don't let it tear you apart at the seams
You can’t pick your father but you can pick your daddy
I'm glad I don't try to do what I think others would want me to do I do what tf I wanna do
Help, I can't stop watching a K-Drama
People be taking things way out of proportion.... this is why I don’t talk to people
I wouldn’t go to school tmw if it wasnt for the fact that I already have hella absences
can’t find Gary soooo session with D
Can't believe school starts again tomorrow. I really don't wanna go! I'm dreading it!
And you didn't even notice the love... Mao, you really are a nutbrain.
i just tried to force myself to go to sleep for the last 15 mins and that shit didn’t work
Sectors in gurgaon need beautification drive , why can’t each society bring a committee for plantation near by areas as well. All in all it’s sad to say that society members are interested in internal compounds only. Let’s change this mentality. # G u r g a on
I don't feel like driving to get something to eat.
I can't wait until I get to the "The Body" one of the best episodes eveeerr
LIFE'S SHORT. If you don't look around once in a while you might miss it
Have y’all heard about people in Oregon being upset bc they have to pump their own gas?? Like y’all it isn’t that hard I’ve been doing it since I was like 12
Need a sketch book and a planner tomorrow
You love this woman don't ya? Yes. Do you wanna hold her? Yes. Please her? Yes. Then ya gotta gotta try a little TENDERNESS Chicks dig that romantic crap.
I was planning on reading 7 chapters to review for my art history test, but it's way too many pages, I can't finish reading this in 3 days 'cause I got other work to do too, puniriP
i’m so tired of seeing girls put more effort & communication into a relationship than a guy... don’t take your significant other for granted
I'm so confused. Hoping Oprah would run for the presidency is wrong? What the hell is that?
I’m with you then I’m with you I won’t change it at none of that
Well... in case y’all didn’t know, cloud 9 is a place and it’s where I’m staying for the night
I love keeping the resting bitch face at men Bc ain’t shit funny.
Culinary "experts" vmon where they try to make something nice but end up making out and burn the rice they had been trying to make "This is what happens when you shove your tongue down my throat!" "You weren't complaining while I was doing it!"
Hasn’t even been a day and I wanna go home
Why is it that women do so much more yet she doesn’t get credit she deserve ?
i always knew i wouldn’t be good enough
Wild Thoughts wouldn't have happened without Clive...
it wouldn’t even be runnin away considering i don’t even live anywhere rn lol
like i love lady bird but cmbyn can't possibly be ignored that's how impactful it is. i hope it gets the recognition it deserves during the oscars
won’t let this shit shake me
I ain’t taking disrespect lil nigga!
I've spent the last several hours debating whether I should puke or not and I haven't even been drinking.
It is an act of self destruction and the down side is that if they have children 50/50 chance abt it would be a boy who will have to become an Asian man. Those Asian Women will fail their children.
You ever watch your pets stare at something trying to figure it out?? Foofie doesn't understand shadows and I wish I could explain lmao he just stares at them
I haven’t shopped at H&M since 20Never!!!
find someone who believe in you , when u don't ...
Okay so this semester hasn’t even started yet and I’m already crapping my pants
Don’t know what’s up with all these niggas trying to slide back into my life but please stop it because my man will kill you, we don’t want that.
Don’t you think there is always something unspoken between two people?
i couldn’t imagine having an insecure ass girlfriend that wouldn’t let you hangout with NOBODY
Don’t apologize if you’re still going to do the same things you were sorry for.
You a average bitch, You ain’t nuthin special
"Do you think I can shoulder everyone's lives and not feel any weight? I don't want to be indifferent. I want to be worthy of everyone's feelings." - Gai Tsutsugami
Don’t u fall in love wit me !!
Most people will have an agenda. They can’t bear the thought of you doing well. But don’t forget, they don’t know what the Almighty knows. He knows what you’re capable of. He knows your potential. Don’t let others tell you otherwise.
Omg. Watching my favorite broadcast and heard his crush. Now idk what I'm feeling know. I like this guy a lot but can't tell my feelings to him.
i wish my boyfriend knew how makeup worked and what goes where and how to do it because i sure don’t
Don’t Try To Preach To Me When You Still Don’t Have A Pulpit To Stand At. #Mind Your Business2018
Look I'm not trying to milk this being sick thing at all but hey everybody I ᶜᵃᶰ'ᵗ ᶠᵘᶜᵏᶦᶰᵍ ᵇʳᵉᵃᵗʰᵉ
I hate getting flashbacks from things I don't want to remember.
even if i told you. you still wouldn’t understand
The fool-proof way of knowing Donald Trump is sane and in total command of his faculties? He didn’t watch the Golden Globes. The science is settled.
I didn’t don’t get a raise because I missed 9/80 questions on a test at work so now I have to wait a WEEK!! OMG I wanted to cry ...
Does anyone else ever get that feeling of "I don't know what to do" When you have a few ice cubes left and think do I fill it up now or wait till its empty
if I feel some type of distance.. I won’t force it.
I take shit to the heart so don’t fuck up, I’m only sensitive bc I’m real
When you go into court you are putting your fate into the hands of twelve people who weren’t smart enough to get out of jury duty.
Don’t even bother spending y’all money on this movie...insidious trash af! Could’ve been better
That sentence wasn't nearly as sloppy as Rose McGowan
i don’t for the life of me understand why cmbyn is so critically acclaimed and how people can just ignore how inherently gross a romance between a 17-year-old and a grad student is.
the ending makes me so sad like plEASE YOONGO DOESN’T DESERVE THIS SAVE HIM
I don’t want to fuck this up
you won’t see me postin’ pics/videos of no man this 2018 that’s how you get played and sauteéd my friends
If a nigga upload the same pic on every social.. it ain’t no debate that nigga tryn Kill that shit on the net real fast
It ain’t my business but let me find out and damn what a slap in my face
convinced I won’t ever fall in love with anyone....im so heartless :|
A key to learning a language is not trying to remember but to be present in the moment, so you can use all you know to make sense of what you don’t.
can’t i not have those annoying ass realistic dreams tonight.
I can’t even go to sleep I’m rolling on a bean
Still can't believe the dime play missed like it did...
My left arm could fall off and my mom would say it’s cuz I don’t drink enough water
If the game was just a ploy for him to kidnap and get revenge on his old friends then shouldn't those two still be... At home????
2 things i just can’t respect is a fuck nigga, and a lying ass bitch
don’t tell nobody my problems don’t think that they’ll keep it solid.. im alright!
Damn, today’s dream... I was flying home from somewhere, using some low cost airline. I had to fly from UK to Greece and then from Greece back home. Then I couldn’t find the gate... because the gate were in the old house with many doors.
I do not give a flying fuck who “started a live video on Instagram” pls don’t notify me of that every 10 minutes!!!!!
not saying where the good guys at but where the guys that aren’t complete shit at???
I haven't been to the gym in 2 whole days
Just because you wouldn't do something to somebody doesn't mean they wouldn't do it to you.
i am so hurt anissas doesn’t want to watch guardians of the galaxy with me :(
"Home on the Range" is such an underrated Disney movie and anyone who doesn't think so has never seen it.
It really is the life sitting at home in your robe watching tv on the couch with the love of your life & your pups I swear I wouldn’t trade this for anything
Straight up if I died in my sleep I wouldn't be found for weeks cause I never come out of my room anyway lmao
It ain’t shit to cut that nigga off & move on to better stuff.
I believe in Zidane. He is the embodiment of everything that Real Madrid represents. But failure doesn’t go down well with Florentino Perez, let alone humiliation. I fear that the end of Zidane era is nearer than we expect...
I don't need "subordinates". These eels are enough.
All I'm missing is my man in this weather
Tbh it rly bothers me when u KNOW that someone opened ur snap but it isn’t showing it as opened
who watches Black Mirror and wants to roleplay?? you can play the technology that's trying to kill me n i'll be the helpless human ;)
I don't want you I want your mind
Its like my mouth has a mind if it’s own I can’t control it
Around 4pm today I told my manager I didn’t wanna work anymore and he’s like “do whatever you want Its Sunday and I’m tired” lmaooo I love my job
Don't bother apologizing. Just take me to see Killua.
Josh isn't learning as well as I hoped...*auction bit* Me: Is this not what white people do normally? Josh: yeah. Now youre on to us. Shame, you would've made an excellent maid. Hella racist. Cause I'm Mexican I would've been a maid?
The past few weeks have tested my strength in ways I didn't think possible
They wanna go to the hood Ion’t wanna se it again.
When you’re way to excited for your final semester of classes that you can’t sleep
Girl don’t you EVER let a boy make you feel bad about yourself
"You don't need makeup to be beautiful"
I Souround my self with ppl who are motivation. I don't waste my time with ppl who are stuckkk.
The Golden Globes is trash that’s why I don’t watch it
If I don’t get on I’m buying a brick
I haven’t listened to Fire & Desire ina min
I find it cool that I'm one of the biggest artists to ever come out of my hometown but yet I'm still so small... Don't think they've ever seen a real star before, but they will.
I didn't have anyone really there for me so I don't want you to be put in that situation. I'm always here. Just on my mind hopefully you find your special friend(s) b/c they're out there trust me, just keep looking and moving forward.
i’d consider actually taking a train in if it weren’t below freezing outside
Bills franchise treats Tyrod like congressional republicans treat gov't assistance programs. They cut all funding & support then tell you the program is failing.
i really only got like 3 hours of sleep how am i awake rn... i literally can’t function on below 6 hours of slep
People don’t like me off he say/she say shit but I’m so cool and down ta earth if you really knew me for yourself you’ll love me
he said “what if my gf makes me a better dad” lol why wouldn’t you just want to be better for your daughter
this is why i don’t open up to people lol
solo concert for Gikwang ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠi wanna goㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠbut definitely can't ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
I Request Media Channels to stop broadcasting news with songs regarding this issue as it is totally inappropriate to broadcast songs with pic of a spiritual lady. It doesn't come up to the standards of such a vast and responsible media. #Imran Khan Marriage #Bushra Manika
I can't believeeee I'm turning 20
• Shit niggas ain’t talking about me soo that shit meant for somebody else
why weren’t swiftstakes a thing this era :( that could’ve been my only chance
I'm back to chasing clout on social media bitches what's poppin
Gonna keep my eyes out on craigslist for more people giving away games
I really hate the video of the weekend by SZA like I feel like it doesn’t go with the song at all
I genuinely don't think there will ever be a time that I don't think of Call Me By Your Name and I won't wanna cry... it's such a beautiful relatable story. Rigga Morris.
I will probably be studying a career I don't like for the next 5 years because I'm an idiot and I got 711 out of 800 points. I love University .
If you talking shit and I pop up on you.... don’t be scared and hide inside
When you low-key tryna get preggo but you defiantly ain't tryna have a baby. But he is totally worth it.
Why does it feel like I don’t have to work tomorrow
i really don’t be thinking of no old hoes when i listen to Frank Ocean g y’all not that special
When I go back to school I better not hear anyone saying “ Omg haven’t seen you since last year” y’all About To get decked
I mean it doesn't cause any dangerous symptoms (I got also got a mild fever) and it could very well have been something I ate
i’m really done with people’s son, like completely over it. i don’t have time for the bullshit
Ya I Know They're Trying To Over Use My Abilities And Me Having Huge Headache And Haven't Had Any Visions Or Nothing Boy I Dislike When I Can't Help But They Know I Tried
Do I drive you crazy? You make me crazy too. You make me do things I normally wouldn’t do. You make feel things, that I’ve never felt. You gotta be the real thing, cause you remind me of myself. # Re viva l
People drive like they’re doing it for fun. Like they don’t have anywhere to be... but bitch I do so mooooove
#Golden Globes2018 how does one even vote for best director anyway? You aren't there on set seeing them direct.. regardless, #Greta Gerwig was snubbed.
A big part of that is always feeling like I owe someone... I don't want to be indebted to anyone but the gov't loans I take out
Don’t get me wrong - I have a very strong sense of my own self-worth and attractiveness but this is still surprising.
I wouldn't mind - He is we
Called off for morning wood? Shidddddd I ain’t never did that before, imma use that tomorrow
i had a sleepover with my man yesterday and now I don’t wanna sleep alone
"I don't want...to run away by myself... because no matter what...I'd rather be together with everyone..." - Lucy
“ don’t chase after a nigga who don’t wanna run with you ”
cmon Lucie! She doesn’t have the break yet. #Sydney Tennis
I’m starting an Eevee shiny hunt on Pokefarm to give me something to do since I can’t fuckin get on my laptop to draw and it’s driving me insane
can’t wait for my NEPHEW to be here in june! ISSA BOYYYY
Up like I don't have class in the AM
My phone going dead but this boy on me knocked out
every time i watch the episode of greys where derek dies i get SO pissed off that they didn’t order the CT scan & save him. and every time i rewatch it i expect a different ending
The waitress didn't say anything when sejeong was there but after she left they said she was very cute
If y'all ain't seen Hee-Haw before, go watch it. It's fckin gold.
Don't underestimate my ability to cut you off and act like i never met you.
"I don't work with hostage-taking scumbags. Now, get lost. Or...would you rather fight me?" - Amarant
Can't even get in my apartment without this damn cat in my face
“Mind your business, and if you don’t have one, you should get one” -Issa Rae
I mean yeah it would be cool if I could go to sleep at a reasonable time, but no that won't happen.
You didn't have to talk to me... :/
Hollywood stars wore black tonight in solidarity, but gave side glances to those who didn’t? Reporters were quick with theirs “they declined” and “refused” comments. It is specially disappointing when it come from other women. Solidarity? Smells more a PR stunt.
It’s my 21st birthday, I go to dinner, order my “first” drink, and they didn’t ID me
//guess I don't get to play her that sucks.
I’ll say this one thing about 2017 & I don’t wish to revisit in the future
I love you all, and you're all incredibly important to me. Please don't ever forget that
❝Micchan, Micchan~! Look at these beautiful tomatoes I just picked!❞ Carrying a basket full of tomatoes, a big ol' grin upon the Tantous visage.
4 weeks in Mexico isn’t enought I need more
I don’t even like “liking” stuff on here anymore, cause twitter snitches on everyone lol. Some of y’all need Jesus.
LIke disaster artist wouldn’t actually exist without tommy...?? Anyways he shouldn’t have won anway
Honestly I’m super fucking disappointed that over the past year all I’ve drawn is girls with the same body type and I haven’t improved on figure drawing at all and I’m not satisfied with the style I draw faces in.
“Don’t let yourself drown in a cup of water.” -Me to me
a 19 yr old shouldn’t be this stressed
It's so sad... you'll never see him again... What? Didn't you come here to assassinate him?
Shotgunning pieces of shits don’t deserve shit. # Des tiny 1
The thought of, you want Minhyun to be back in Nuest yet you don't want Minhyun to leave in Wanna One.
I hate that I start watching Netflix shows and they only have one or two seasons like I don’t want to wait. WTHECK is going to happen ?!?!
I probably won't become something great, just want to be happy.
I can't even cry no more I so over it
Jus don't make me the reason u didn't sleep
All these people mad cause I didn't put boyle heights like if it was something insulting like chill its just a tweet just ignore it
Mannnnn life couldn’t be going any better right now.. I’m surrounded by wonderful humans and I couldn’t be anymore blessed
Ughh i don't wanna have school i hate my teachers and my new class and everything
I love the first two Harry Potter movies. The darker themes of the rest of the movies just wasn't the same to me.
Whoever did Nina’s makeup in the earlier seasons of tvd need to do her makeup now bc Adam isn’t succeeding
Why can’t my dimples be as deep as Harry’s
I guess you don’t care about me anymore......
Actually more like I sobbed into Anthony’s arms while saying “this isn’t fair” lmao what’s wrong w me
i didn’t leave because i stopped loving you i left because the longer i stayed the less i would love myself -rupi kaur
I don't even know why I try bruh
but now the thought of you with someone else doesn’t break my heart
You already know my chrome book still isn't gonna be charged for school
I don’t like pineapple on pizza but if someone has I.T I’ll eat I.T. Food is food
better if it’s inactive so my inactive ass doesn’t gotta talk LOL RIP
Can’t wait for mine and Jax’s best friend charms to come in. I love my dog beyond words
Someone who shows you off w/o being asked is someone who isn’t ashamed & is proud to have you as their significant other , it’s a great feeling
If you don’t have 2 or 3 chapsticks in this weather, im praying for you
BREAKING: Modi to form online government if BJP doesn't come to power …
Stand up got yourself and don't avoid confrontation. The longest most treacherous path is sometimes the correct one.
also idk who’s single so if i flirt w u . Just tell me u got a partner and I’ll Back off . ( i flirt w everyone naturally? fml)
fuck yo ex... I’m a show her I’m ready
i don't know where anything is in the kitchen of the new house and it makes everything so much more difficult
if you don’t call me you won’t speak to me, promise you
bitch got the audacity to tell me my nigga ain’t my nigga ... excuse me you don’t know neither of us
You can't force someone to love you or stay with you
I’m more than another statistic my nigga..
THE FACT THAT JEAN HAGEN DIDN'T WIN THE OSCAR FOR LINA LAMONT IS A TRAVESTY
Can’t even speak on certain situations no more
You were the northern lights in a southern town (i tried to forgive but i can’t forget )
Life’s good idc fuck u, u like me or u don’t wtf
No, I checked my receipt, I don't buy any of your bullshit.
Most movies have just one or two characters that have real internal obstacles and that's ok. You don't want a film to feel bloated. TLJ had Luke/Poe/Rey/Finn/Kylo all face their internal struggles and it was handled extremely well
l dunno, l really haven’t been in the mood for any bull today lol.
I literally felt so alone going through all of this.....because the people I want to reach out and talk to me aren't...and when I try talking to them I get brushed off and I was tired of it.....
I don't see things which is what women forming shaping a full of great love.
don’t come in someone’s cc unless you’re asking them a question. if you have a problem with them, just go to their dm’s. the best way to settle something is to just be direct with them smh.
I can’t let just anybody in my personal space, I operate on a different frequency than these other niggas
if you’ve been sexually assaulted, your mind is made up. you don’t have the luxury of disengaging, feigning ignorance or claiming not to have “the whole story” (as if dylan farrow’s court transcripts don’t provide the whole fucking story)
I honestly didn’t get the Blue Ivy slander... she’s a cute little girl to me
Money ain’t nothin, if you don’t have your mind right.
I use to draw only DBZ characters in a certain period in my adolescence & I haven’t in ages
Get Out is a comedy. I've told you many many times. It's a parody of Afr-Am culture in white society. It's a Key and Peele sketch treated as a horror film. Taking it seriously as a horror won't work because there are so many better ones.
I'm so greatful for the most special and kind people in my life, I don't deserve them.
i really stay on guard at all times like i really be too quick to cut people off
It's 2018. Having any amount of convo that isn't shitposting is getting left in 2017.
Eventually I'll be fine I know that it was never meant to be. Either way I guess I'm not prepared, but I'll say this: these things happen for a reason and you can't change shit
Bryson tiller’s music makes me want to apologize for my wrongdoings to a girlfriend that I don’t even have lmao
I don’t deserve this bullshit that I go through
i mean yea we’re over but i still think the love will last forever even if the relationship doesn’t
I can’t wait for the day when I’m with the love of my life at our house just being genuinely happy and look back to where I am now and say.. “it was worth the wait”
Niggas could be your next door neighbor and still have an excuse of why they can’t see you.
I did my part Ian kissing nobody ass if we don't speak fuck ya
u can’t pick ur father but u can pick ur daddy
My friends mean the world to me, I don't wish to ever lose any of them.
Twin babies have to get mixed up you can’t tell me they don’t
“This really might be the love of my life like the man i marry...I just wish he wasn’t a kappa i don’t want no shimmying at my wedding” I hate this girl
"You can't sample music" is the same as "You can use references to draw"
“Christians don’t tell lies they just go to church and sing them” -A.W. Tozer #Kingdom Come
Remember bitches wasn’t on my time
i didn’t have to cate about other people’s attitudes or feelings
Karmas a Bitch but she don't mind you blowin out candles if you ain't the one who lit em
Oh so they tried to hack my amazon account again while the accounts supposed to be locked or something. But I changed my emails pw earlier so they couldn’t access the code. Someone really wants my amazon.
I Ain’t With Da Homosexual Propaganda Dat Society Tryna Force In My Face Every Damn Day.
This new tattoo isn’t gonna do so well in the gym # elbow
don’t let anyone know i live like this i say, on my public twitter
Water isn’t wet but Westbrook’s jump shot is
Don't set yourself on fire to keep others warm
i don’t want to go to school tomorrow hhhhhhhh
Y’all ever have that friend that tried to use you, but once they figured out they couldn’t use you, they stopped being friends with you?? Yeah those type of people exist too !!
Me: Not today Satan Satan: tomorrow? M: Sorry, can’t. Wednesday? S: Sounds good, see ya then
(Oh, the tea at the shrine wasn't very good.)
(Before the mansplainers come out, no, I don't know what her platform would be, and I do know she has no political experience, but I DO know she can build an empire from nothing and that's pretty cool just to think about.)
there are one question that bothers since birth and i don't have the strength to ask , but now I am ready!!!! Ok! Ok! Ok! This is it! . . . Am I beautiful??? Lol
I'm strong but I can't be, all the time.
if the point of wearing black was to start a conversation why aren’t there more being had? why are media outlets praising the celebrities without doing anything themselves?
First day of classes in the morning, couldn’t be less prepared
Just because you can't see the air, doesn't mean you stop breathing. Just because you can't see God doesnt mean you stop believing # A me en
If you don’t like the way I talk, then why am I on your mind?.
I told myself I was going to do my extra credit but I didn’t
Big things are happening this year I can’t wait
Guys it's official, if Yoongi and Taehyung don't come back to the real world, I'm going after their asses, but if I have to sacrifice myself for Yoongi, I'M DOING IT. A bitch doesn't mind bring with Kim Taehyung ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Really don’t know what I Should do rn ... go to sleep or practice
don’t get ur panties in a twist
Guyss ... don't stop retweeting ! 2 mil , 2 mil! VIKAS DESERVES THE WIN
# s a l t a t i o n f i c I can't wait for Momo to update :'))))
how y’all be losing weight because i can’t seem to find nothing
If Chae can't go who wants to go to California with me January 22-30th?
only moving forward and proceeding with life no matter what i ain’t foldin’ nor turning back
When people constantly show their affection for you, you start taking it for granted. If you don't realize how much they care for you until they're gone, you'll only be left with regret and remorse.
Ain't had a haircut in about a month. I look like I'm bout to cross on a spring line.
i can’t sleep and i have to be up in 6 hours help
finally feeling inspired to start working on music again and i don’t even have much time rn to do it
I’ve always been me I guess I know myself. Shakiness? Man I don’t have no time for that.
I can't believe attack on titan is almost over
staying in the hospital overnight i can’t wait till it’s all over w.
Texting shouldn't feel like a game. When u play games, there has to be a loser
it's a wonder grace doesn't get blown away on her walks to school
let me tell you i’ve been drinking a lot of water lately and really feeling myself so don’t come for me ok
She don't understand she's worth it
My face hurts so bad and I feel so ugly and sad
2017: Moonlight 2018: Three Billboards Me: I know growth isn’t always linear but damn is this year already embodying that “two steps forward, one step back” nonsense #Golden Globes
semester #2 of grad school has officially began. these syllabi don't look hopeful.
SJW's won't let me go to the mall this is why we need # al t fur r y
Their dessert is inconceivably blistering. Don't delay getting in it. It's not dangerous.
I’m starting to think I’m the only person on this planet that didn’t see Lady Bird...
Ya’ll just riding Bruno dick cause he relevant at the moment. Mfs ain’t even real fans
like threaten us with our jobs because you’re pissed we’re not making money it’s not our fucking FAULT customers aren’t spending???
honestly i am not good at anything and i don't even want to try anymore because it always ends with me trying to be perfect when i know i can't
i don’t find it crazy at all that i miss you 24/7
Praying for things money can't buy
Who is raising these men? Clearly not their mothers, because momma don't play. My sons 4 and he already knows better than treat people the way some of these dudes do. AT 4!
I get you can be concerned but don’t show it in front of me because the more you talk about it in front of me the more I think about it so
My period acne is no fucking joke I hate this time of the month
Since last year i been feeling like I’m in it alone like it only affects me when i wasn’t the only one in it smh
Don’t tell Colin Jost, he was a close second
It ain't reach over half my body but it's just so stinking cute.
Yo Desinger wasn't made by the Designer.. lmfaooo
I HATE WHEN PEOPLE SAY BYE BUT DON’T REALLY MEAN BYE
“if their name isn’t GOD,their opinion doesn’t matter and their approval isn’t needed”
I don't like her bc she keep to stalk me much..... Because she want to friend with me when i say NO to her.
Don't worry about people laughing at you because you're different, instead laugh at them because they're the same as everyone else.
It's a good thing you can't see facial expressions through texts.
Update: the girl my ex has been talking to was spotted today in a Snapchat with girls and other dudes and ik he doesn't like that shit so let's hope he's done
Honestly i don't think they can find a chance to use those missiles against USA, hundreds of cruise and tomahawk rain on their head. :)
I don’t wish heartbreak on my worst enemy
You can’t control how people receive your energy. Whenever someone interprets or projects their negativity onto you, it’s at least partially an issue or problem they’re dealing with themselves. Keep shining regardless.
Don’t transfer me to mornings plsss!
How does someone expect someone to apologize when they don't ever?
The sooner you realize people don’t owe you anything, the better off you will be.
always forgive but don't think that means things will ever be the same again or even anything close to the same..
If I’m fw you, You’re the only person I’m focused on. I don’t see nobody else but you
that fuck nigga ain't know his role blow his nose
I haven’t had a burger in 8 months
The black roots and white blonde is apparently a big hit. I must be the dumb one who can’t see it. I doubt it though...
I don't give a fuck about Halsey or G eazys generic asses.
My sister said “My Buddy is dad son... but wouldn’t that be his son in law He like my buddy you really stuck with him now”
I keep wondering where did I go wrong
Don’t give temporary people lifetime expectations
don’t get me wrong 100% for animal rights and would die for my pets (they’re basically my children) but why these old ass white ppl so tight about a dog but then give 0 fucks about gays, POC, etc.?
i just need a nice guy who looks like he will ruin my life but actually won’t
Y’all definition of love & relationships is just pure probably why the shit ain’t working ...
Blowing kisses cause I don’t got no hate in me
all i can say is that if you didn’t wear black to the golden globes, you’re probably a piece of shit
Sucking a cup to your face and then panicking because it won't come off. # l ol
I’ll never respect anyone who don’t know how to talk to me.
Well my buckle makes impressions On the inside of her thigh There are little feathered Indians
Couldn't sleep. Did some random Googling. Ended up on my high school's alumni page that listed the people in my class who have died. Only four. That seems statistically low. Like, maybe we're due for a correction? Anyway, now I really can't sleep.
I don't consider myself a gamer even tho its my favorite actors and musicians, apparently.
being cheated on is probably one of the worst things that can happen to a person and I don’t wish that upon anyone
I lost 10 pounds in 4 weeks and then gained back 12 in the same amount of time..... I don’t think I’ve ever been more disappointed in myself.
if i don't respond it's because i don't want to, it's not rocket science.
IDK why I bought a Google mini I haven't used it in 2 weeks .
Ok so like I’ve just realized how terrible the acting is in Twilight. But I don’t care bc I still love it. No shame
she don't even roll the weed all she do is roll her eyes
Don’t let others run you away from the best thing the Lord has right in front of you.
I can’t remember the last time I tripped about someone
I don’t know why everyone is so shook about me hanging out with Ale? She’s been my best friend for damn near 5 years chill out y’all
I only have one pair of socks that doesn’t have holes. Hi, I’m ‘Tica, and I’d love to be your life coach.
#FREEPLAY #NCAAF championship Most likely my last bet for awhile Alabama -3.5 (2Unit bet) I could care less abt the hook, I don't believe this line movement, smothering defense, period. Let's finish well
Enemigos when they see a nigga better shoot me I ain't trynna fight
Half these niggas just don't like Tre and want to try to be allllll in my face because he either ed they baby mama or girlfriend and recorded it and sent it to them ...
If we don't end war. . Sial G . War will end us.
amigo tv later at 6pm kst don't miss out on jihoon's meokbang show and the rise of ongwink :)
I don’t understand y’all I DONT
Why can't we leave politics and running the country to people who actually spend their entire careers focused on doing that? Caveat: they actually have to be good at it. And possess some kind of moral compass.
I hate when people post the pictures I take of them and don’t zoom out for better quality
i can’t imagine putting that much time in again .. it’s exhausting
The same people that turn down those who wanna real relationship with them be the same people complaining don’t nobody want them. #You Missed Ya Blessing
So, my mom didn't let me wash my hair today cause my dad left to India today....... # n o c or relation
I just want to say that this semester is gonna be great bc I don’t have my first class until 1230 :-)
I don’t want nobody asking me for nothing I can’t ask them for! Idc if it’s a or a ride to the store. If I can’t get the same my answer is NO period
Can it not be winter so salt doesn’t get on everything I fucking own
I’m watching a season 1 episode because I can’t help myself
I start my last semester of college tomorrow and I really just don’t know how to feel about It...
Because 10/10 i won’t like u back
Ain’t have internet til like hs
also i mentioned exo today with my non kpop friends then they’re like “eh but didn’t you like bts? what happened to bts? i remember you talking about bts non-stop, what happened?” well sis........... i-
The fight scene in Breaking Dawn Part 2 always leaves me shook
"Don't forget it. You'll regret it. Mother knows best."
What do you mean Freddie Highmore didn't win?! #Golden Globes
Don't promise when you're happy, don't reply when you're angry, and don't decide when you're sad.
you ain’t the one for me baby yeen got shit I need
And certain people. Sometimes things aren’t meant to go there. Some people just have to stay in the zone they started in. I always realize that when I put my emotions last not first.
I love cuddling with my cat until my allergies kick in and I can't breathe lmao
I honestly don’t think I’ve met the person I’m supposed to spend my life with and that terrifies me
I can’t wait for track season so I can see oomf
The right click on this computer doesn't work. I'm sad. :'(
Frank Ocean playing in the car so I can’t leave until the song is over, even tho I’m already parked in my driveway
POTTER COULDN’T PULL THAT…. Combined with the title REVOLUTIONARY TW….
all these diamonds on me i don’t feel no pressure
When a smurf doesn’t have sex for a long time , what color do his balls turn
i don't know why the GDQ people didn't mod/filter their old chat, but I guess sub-only is good enough
Call me intolerant or mRs. kNoW-iT-aLL but I’ve learned to identify actual SW fans based on their arguments on why they didn’t like TLJ.
He Like That feat. Why Don't We
On January 6 2016, Two years ago I met someone. You are smart and cute. I love your smile. We talk to each other in the time isn't appropriate. Thank you for having the memories in it. #Miss You #A
maybe it's true, maybe we don't know what we have until we've lost it. but, maybe it's also true that we don't know what we're missing until we find it
Lol blogged twice in 2017.... but don’t worry I just wrote 10 blog posts to cover the whole year...
Stranger Things didn't win again? I call bullshit
Yahtzee is a drug and I am a user
People have been asking, "Why is Hollywood trying to make Dakota Johnson happen" for the past 4 years. She's happening. Get over it. Focus on the people y'all are still giving careers to who don't deserve one, like Johnny Depp.
Officially a week into 2018 and no one has booked a shoot yet. What folks waiting on??
If you don’t have breast I don’t think you should be speaking negatively about things that involve breast.
Like it must.. The song freaking gives me goosebumps
If you really don’t give a damn you won’t have nun to say
I can't believe classes start tomorrow and I won't be going.
i just want to apologize for anyone if food service/retail who has had my mother as a customer. I’m sorry she just doesn’t understand what it’s like
Am i the only person that doesn’t want/ need a relationship
It's like people don't even enjoy college football and just care about the end result of whoever wins the national championship.
Why do people downgrade after a relationship? Leave someone who gives you the world for someone who ain’t shit. No shade thrown just makes no sense..
Was bussing a table and girl said "get in there like swimwear" and I can't believe I'm not in jail.
bitch really woke me up by calling me just to say don't stress about school tomorrow?? thanks but also now how am I gonna go back to sleep?? it took me FOREVER
I need to make friends lol all of these people don't give a fuck about me
I hope that I’m the reason that u can’t sleep
I’ll honestly give my LAST. If I got it. But t people do me so wrong.
When you know where you stand and how important you are to someone you don’t ever have to prove a point
it’s hard sometimes to accept shit for what it really is but actions tell it all i won’t wait around & be a fool for nobody
Shamelessnews finally coming around as if they haven't been trying to drag mickey stans for 3 years. Least y'all finally got some damn sense
speaking of counselor...idk if i should go back to my counselor bc i really got a lot worse but idk i just don't think it helps idk what to do anymore
My favorite line in Harry Potter is when Dumbledore escapes from Umbridge by lighting himself on fire and Kingsley Shacklebolt says “You can’t deny: Dumbledore’s got style” # I con o graph y
I still haven’t watched lis bts
menstruation // i can't sleep and i suddenly feel sick if i wake up with my period im gonna be so pissed
UPDATE: the country has been placed under marshall law due to bananas , any thoughts?
Low-key can't stop thinking about Anthony Kennedy.
I miss you so much. But I don’t miss the way you treated me.
If we get out of the Trump era with just a bunch of shitty legislation that would have passed under Jeb! fuck it, make the celebs President, it clearly doesn't matter
if you don't like the person,okay. wag na mangBackStab or maghahanap ng kakampi. GrowUp!
When my roomate told me I couldn’t have my boyfriend in our room I about slapped her Jesus lovin ass all the way up to heaven
I wonder where music would be at if Hip Hop wasn’t ever created. Wtf would we be dancing to? Idk even if other genres of music like EDM would exist in the same way without Hip Hop.
i have a theory that my anxiety is related to the fact that i haven’t been working out so ima test that theory and get my ass back in the gym
they don’t need u like I do
Mfs Be Pressed Asf , Can’t Relate..
told myself i wouldn’t drink....that was a lie
(Still I interact with everyone, so don't worry.)
Humans in this universe aren’t suppose to exist yet. Energy destroyed the dinosaurs so humans could roam free. What else can Energy do? # welcome 2018 # were here
Why does Pennywise sound like Bane from Batman when he speaks? I don't understand what he's saying half the time. #I T Movie
A little reassurance every now and then ain’t gone kill ya.
“ahoy sexy” i don’t think there’s a single character that adam plays that i don’t like for some dumb reason or another
If this line doesn’t hurry up, I’m gonna spend an hour in this bank
Having an 8 am isn't that bad, but having a midterm at 8 am later down the road this quarter is gonna be a drag
I see some shit and jus don’t speak on it bc it’s not worth my energy
I think the story of how ANC grew as a movement is a powerful. I can’t imagine how it got so big in those times of no technology. We need a movie. #ANC106
Krazy I can’t even see my kid smh
You know he loves you when you can’t decide between two options so he orders one of them so you can try both
I want to be a part of something I don’t know !
$SC. Can't ignore the volume. Testing the top of the trend
um so why didn’t timothee chalamet or Daniel Day Lewis win
Once you learn to kick it with yourself, you won’t care who fucks w you or not
Never sleeping on my side again so I don't get wrinkles
I forgot the name Lilly and called my in law’s friend Fern instead and it has stuck as her nickname and I don’t know how to make it up to her
i know freddie highmore doesn't give a shit about awards but fuck "this is us"
I’ve been so hurt mentally and emotionally I don’t even know what I want anymore , I feel destroyed and defeated
imagine your moms about to whoop you and your grandma don’t stop her
Yall...lajabless can't drown? Asking for a friend
Today’s my twitter anniversary. 6 years of tweeting that men ain’t shit. To this day nothing has changed.
i really hope that we didn’t kill baekhyun on the first chapter
I can’t wait to see Ed again.
Just ate 2 pulled pork sandwiches. I want another one but I don't think I can finish it
If anyone is going to the Why Don't We concert in SF, DM me!! Planning to make a friend at the concert! The concert is at a not so safe venue, so the more people the better.
Paddington is such a cute movie why haven’t I watched this movie sooner
I don’t understand people if you feeling some type of way let it be known
My prized possession one and only Adore ya girl, I want ya the one I can't live without, that's you, that's youuuu
at this point I really don’t care who stays or leave
i didn’t think devil man would be angsty like this
I got rejected by a university and I couldn’t care less. Guess I’m an adult now.
Don’t expect a #MAGA supporter to understand why #Poverty Is Sexist. #Trump Is A Misogynist # Re pub l i cans #Trump Is A Moron #Trump Russia #Trump Resign #Impeach Trump
Thinkin you dodged karma til it come right back for you You a liar the truth is gon come back up to you Drastic measures wear your safe and wear you treasures too She want me to open up, I'm sorry can't go through
A sad thing is when you have a crush on someone whom you are almost fully sure isn't attracted to your gender sad.png
I cannot be bargained with! I cannot be reasoned with! I do not know where I am! I am a robot, I don't understand anything!
Can’t wait to continue my goal I’ve set starting tomorrow!
Why do females hate on you for being confident??? I don’t understand.. stay mad
I think I'd better start watching those awards season screeners if they won't make it to theaters.
And obviously I wouldn't be myself if I didn't add how much Dunkirk deserved the award for best music. #Golden Globes
white people that don't know me swear I'm they coke man for the night ...so much irony in this tweet...
and she hasn't changed at all she's the same old piece of shit she ruined me for two years and i still struggle every fucking day to try and regain my mental strength i hate it
Love harder than any pain you’ve ever felt.
I’ve probably said it before, but I seriously can’t express how excited I am for my future. Soy bien chingona, I know I’m gonna make it
I see so many people competing with other people for that one person’s attention. Don’t do that to yourself. Find someone who makes sure that you dont ever have to compete or feel like youre competing.
United, on Monday, announcing a new nonstop from Dayton...has to be Houston, doesn't it? Neck and neck with Chicago as United's biggest, it's the only significant hub east of the Rockies we can't get to...
The DMV Lowkey Just One Big Family . Don’t Matter Wya You Gon See Somebody You Know
When B.Tiller said “i got a girl who don’t expect as much from me that’s why she gets so much love from me” i felt that shit.
We didn't learn what happened to Uvo, but we have the chain user's name and face. We still don't know his abilities.
Don't fall for the 2015 p silver eagle okydok. People are selling them at 400 to 800,and saying that they only minted a few,but that is a lie. Even the mint does not want to reply
I just finished # L on gm ire on Netflix and don't know what to do with my life now. Where do I go from here?!
Look, you don't need someone for be happy or in love, remember that you are first before that all.
hugh jackman acknowledge p. t. barnum’s headassery challenge 2018
U don't gotta post me everyday or tweet about me everyday but make it known that u gotta girl
can someone explain to me how cymbal works i don’t get the point of this app
I’m still a gay virgin who can’t drive wow someone teach me to drive
I think I’m gonna unadd everyone from ak I don’t associate with anymore it’s fucking pointless
Love ain’t never been so esy , I love how you make it so easy
Textaphrenia is an illness, which makes you think that a text message has arrived when it hasn't.
Not to be that person and this is not even clarified but screw those people for getting him into this mess. This heartbreaking news won't be here today if he wasn't accused for something he didn't do
I wanna asian girlfriend bc you lightskin females ain’t shit
We didn't get that notice. Kindly send/resend
“You’re the kind of soul anyone would be lucky to be with. And you don’t even know it. The great ones never do.” -Adrian Michael # quotes #Monday Motivation # believer
she ain’t goin but she giving me all these clothes to bring??? what am i gonna do about my own clothes
i don’t take disrespect from nobody I don’t care who you are.
I don’t beg. Damn if you do and damn if you don’t.
Again I really don’t think there is a Better coach Available that is going to be the solution.
Wondering if there’ll ever be a time when the word almost doesn’t haunt me anymore
i don’t even speak to bitches half the time
People ask God for things without thinking about what they’re really asking for. They ask because “it sounds good” but don’t really understand the full magnitude of the question or desire they’re asking for
15.) i knew veeery little abt D&D before i started watching the show. i knew it was a game, i knew it was tabletop, i knew it was played with mini-figures and dice, but i didn't know that the dice looked different. #Critical Role
Why do I keep trying when I know things aren’t going to happening work out
i keep on getting told that certain racist microaggressions are 'compliments'. i won't take them as such! asian culture is deferential by default but i refuse to tolerate being told that my anger is invalid because it is a """"COMPLIMENT"""""
ot5 getting to know each other at the hospital n bonding over something they can’t remember. and they just. cry sometimes.
My face breaking out I ain’t fw that
When Mothers say “I have the best child in the world “ uh no ya don’t ! I do and every other Woman out here with a child but mine is literally the BEST !
I ain’t take a nap all day About to be all the way out Good Night Twitter
if chasing my ambition means taking a bachelors that isn’t quite my thing then what should I fucking do
So I was about to cut my hair Saturday but I didn’t because I chickened out hahahahaha
don't follow me, I'm lost too
Okay why isn’t my boo that’s not really my boo texting me
Praying that I don’t go over my due date I’m seriously not trying to be pregnant forever bruh
Honestly thought it was a little rude and cringeworthy of James to block tommy from the mic during his acceptant speech. I mean, there wouldn’t be a #Disaster Artist without #The Room in the first place.
Overall I agree with most of the wins tonight which doesn’t happen often Glad Call Me Overrated was snubbed, can’t wait to see if Three Billboards lives to my expectation and i’m dying to see The Shape Of Water #Golden Globes
kind of confused on why jake said on his live that there wouldn’t be any rapping on this album yet we all already know the girl that’s underneath has a rap in it so uh
i wanna get rich enough so i don’t gotta pack when i go places i can just buy all new shit
"I love you, not only for what you are, But for what I am when I am with you." Roy Croft
I don't want you back lmao
I have been wanting to talk about something for a week and it stilllllll hasn’t been brought up lmao
I just didn't lose a brother I lost a best friend
But "Booker T. Washington proponent" probably explains why I'm not a Hurston fan, tbh. Her work just doesn't do it for me but there is still much to appreciate about a determined, self-assured black women, especially during her time.
do u know what’s so stupid abt the wear black thing is they HAD to. if they didn’t ppl would be like omg so and so didn’t wear black
“I feel like it should be a rule you can’t get engaged if you still wear braces” -Kara
I have no idea what happened but everyone was recording it and I ain’t seen one video.
I can’t go back to school tomorrow help
there has not been a day gone by since that horrid little update sega gave us that i don't worry about and feel A Never Ending Maw of Dread in my stomach over luther
San Andreas is just one big “don’t text and drive” ad.
Don’t understand why people wanna simply make me seem like the bad guy when I don’t do shit to them.
Mark zuckerberg is a lizard don't let him lie to you
I’m sorry I haven’t been active guys. Been very depressed. I love you all and hope everyone is doing ok
im seriously sick of all these LIBERAL SNOWFLAKE MILLENIALS complaining about the cold and snow on the east coast. when i was a kid we didn’t even have GLOBAL WARMING and walked UPHILL BOTH WAYS to school in -50 DEGREES
I’m just ready for the day to come when I can see the look on my Moms and Pops face when i make the NFL Draft.
I wish for to many things I can’t have in the present tbh
i couldn’t sworn i had more in my threads but ???
"Love is about finding courage inside of you that you didn't even know was there." - Little Manhattan (2005)
Why don't know his big mouth.
Lol this guy told me he didn't believe I was an adult because I'm skinny. Then he told me "you need to get ya weight up" lmao like all grown people just fat af lol
People are anxiously awaiting my decision on hold until such time as I was talking about t….
i can’t wait to get a tattoo
call me by your name didn’t win a golden globe, hollywood is cancelled
Well that stinks and there isn't a dang thing I can do about it, but accept it!
“I've been wondering Are you looking at me Thinking how it might be, if you were mine Girl it drives me crazy He don't know what he's got I've been fightin' so hard not to cross the line”
# J a g u a r s despite the win couldn’t throw the ball into the St. Johns River.
Nice doesn't mean you're kind. You can be nice for show while being the worst lover—cheating left and right.
God has really been on my side today. Y’all don’t even know.
bro I wouldn't care if he moved to Alaska Im so over him like fr!
I just wanna rest but I have work to do
If anyone in the Seattle area ever needs someone to pet sit for you. I’m your girl. Just maybe don’t expect to get your pet back because I have fallen in love with them
I’ve been in my room for maybe 10 minutes by myself and I’m already crying and I don’t know why and I wish Beth was here or something to calm me down bc this is pathetic
The next time I hear someone say they "don't agree with" or "accept" people being gay, I'm gonna say "that's fine. I don't accept intolerable wastes of space like you getting to live while THOUSANDS of LGBT youths have died bc of homophobia sooo..."
If you haven’t watched Silicon Valley - I highly recommend it!
When I study I get so excited about what I’m studying but it’s so funny because I’m not excited about exams?? Can’t I just tick somewhere that I’ve understood and get this degree ting?
Don't let your ego walk into the room before you. #Monday Motivaton #Gain With Xtian Dela
like it really becomes a chore to watch after like season 4 but you just can't get yourself to stop watching
"I don't know why don't you ask my diarrhea"
Brandon just called and said his car won’t start. So guess who has to go get him at 3am when he gets off work
Maybe I don’t bring the peace you need anymore
Didn’t yall get the news This been overdue Left a while ago set up a shop on the moon
OJ took these black people to get his shit back but he party with all these white people. Smh.
You're listening to me but aren't hearing
2018 can't be everybody year. Some of y'all gotta go out sad
can’t believe i was mutuals with her
I don’t go to parades on Canal Street nuh uh! Idc how dangerous y’all claim St. Charles is oh well bitch
Still hoped the power of Hoseok's tears would be enough to bring Yoongi back. But then I remembered he wouldn't even know who he's crying for & now I'm sad.
I hate hate hate hate that I am this overly sensitive, always overthinking big hearted emotional mess.. I didn’t sign up for this.
From now on, I won't let anyone close to me, feel this way :)
President Bannon is not a genius, he's a suck up coward who if he didn't go to the FBI with his knowledge is a traitor,collusion witness,willing to destroy citizen lives for billionaires who see parasites to their wealth IMHO. Flamethrower power twist fail.
I miss Onii-chan. I wish he didn't hate me.. Cause I still love him.
Everything good isn’t good for you. Just because someone is a “good person” doesn’t make them the one for you. That’s just how it goes. Don’t fuck up your puzzle trying to force pieces together.
I’m so different from these dudes I am not organic
I already can't sleep b/c my mouth is in so much pain and swollen
don’t you hate when you’re trying to have a good ass night with your friend and her bum ass ex keeps calling and ruining everything
The reason I don’t refer to myself as a Former adult entertainer even though I haven’t done sex work in over a year, is cause I don’t consider myself retired. I might do it again in the future. Keeping my options open.
everybody ain’t meant to b in ur life forever, some people are jst phases to teach u shit then be gone, i totally have respect for that concept!
Every now and then I just need a day or two where I don’t come in contact with no one
Bc it's past midnight. I will take another night off of Arrow. I will finish s.1 with disc 5 plus bonus features one day this week. But toinight I don't know if I should watch one of the Stephen movies I got or one on Netflix
My brother said “I think I have pee diarrhea because I can’t stop peeing” lmao this guy
Trace: “I wouldn’t trade you for anything in the world....except maybe Jennifer Lawrence.” I completely understand lmao
When I hit this beddddddd baby
Good morning twitter, remember everyday you make it back home safely is a blessing, please don't take it for granted.
Frankly losing some followers for saying "don't harass women for failing to meet impossible standards" is just proof I didn't really want any of you following me anyway
i haven’t danced norteñas in a long ass time
Y’all # Logan pa u l and # j a k e pa u l need to just be fired from You Tube, but then again #You Tube ain’t shit since they made a show about finding a dead person
I'm wide awake. In bed with my glasses on like my alarm just isn't gonna go off at 5...what is my malfunction??
Can’t wait till I’m addicted to someone
low key really don’t want to go back to school tomorrow ;(
bitch you ain’t GANG, you lame .
Anyone need any quality designs, and you aren’t my personal friend/aren’t in my team? Dm me for my prices and we can discuss GFX!
Don’t need no weird ass people in my life
Wtf i haven't watched Tana mongeau's new video shame on me.
guys are dead ass the most confusing thing ever, I can’t even how are you mfs gonna sit there and talk about “oh girls are so confusing” foh
Really up here binge watching like I don't have an 8am class to get up for
Anyone want to play? Cause people don't reply back to dms
I can't make spontaneous plans, because I need at least 3 hours to contemplate if I actually wanna go
I don’t care how good/bad i feel tomorrow, i AM going to the gym. It’s been 2 weeks too long since I’ve been.
I can’t wait for everything to be what it’s suppose to be in my life
you ever in the middle of talking to someone and suddenly you realize they straight up just don't care? that shit hurts lol idc who you are
Actually, I’m putting H.E.R in place of Miguel. Can’t believe I forgot about her while typing this tweet
I hope #Wind River doesn't get snubbed for the # O scars . It's a compelling film that stays with you. One of Jeremy Renner's best performances
I love how everyone who watches bap for the first time nowadays are like wow they are all so good looking XD 6 yrs ago it wasn't like that even though I would've said that as a fan.
also fuck all those rapists in the industry who are still thriving and getting applause and making money. we don’t want you, go choke.
Finished work 2 hours ago, still haven’t slept and need to get ready for college in an hour. Can’t wait to be a zombie
“You’re Jansen and you don’t need a glass bc you drink out of the pitcher bc you’re a bad bitch”
“If I fuck with ya I’m all the way out there if I don’t fuck with ya ion mind ya knowing ion fw ya”
y’all ain’t gone like this lol.
And they were super annoying, but Richie and I went teacher on them and they quieted down. But like??? Don't send your CHILDREN to a Broadway show alone??? What
Foo couldn’t get the ice cream cone for shit
I have to do all this shit for work & I don’t want to I wanna fcking sleep in
Randle always "mumbles" when he's interviewed after games. It's like he doesn't like to be interviewed!
I get that don’t no nigga want no buggin ass female but wtf NIGGA WHEN SHE STOP TRIPPIN OVER SHIT you should be worried
Prime example of bitches wit ass don’t deserve it
2 wrongs don’t make it right
Update. My pizza is here 2 and a half hours later and now I lowkey don’t even want it smh. Imma eat one slice and be done. I’m annoyed.
if i don’t get this job tmrw i’m prob gonna cry lol
Don’t need no closure, I’m still thinking there is love
Complicated Frustrated Underestimated Can't sleep, mind racing Hard to stay concentrated
*timer goes off* Genesis: Yayyy! Me: what? Her: Isn’t that for the lasagna? Lmao i love when she gets excited for the things i make for dinner
When I was born I was so surprised I didn't talk for a year and a half. (Gracie Allen)
Don't pick up the phone, you know he's only calling 'cause he's drunk and alone.
why don’t my friends ever invite me to anything: an autobiography
Can't wait to resume jogging. I feel so unfit. Dear Lord
If i ain’t cumming, i ain’t coming.
Y'all don't understand how much I miss my dog it hits me at random times
I really don’t get how I was 13 years old crying over these love songs and I aint even know what love was yet
I think I'll have a chance at love but knowing me I'll miss it. Cause me dedicating my time just isn't realistic.
I will treat tf outta bro lbs. Like don't come for mine. She fine asf. Promote her hair page lil bitch
My headphones have been missing my whole winter break and I still can’t find them. School starts tomorrow and I need my headphones
I stop talking to so many people. I honestly don’t have a good reason why
ok ur a cunt if u don’t follow me back i went out of my way to hit follow on ur profile, fuck u
No. I don’t know how to forget you.
The entire night and not 1 photo with Millie and Finn? Telling. I wouldn’t be surprised if Finn wants his character killed off. #Strangers Things
Cyber bullying is wrong but ngl I can’t even tell you how many times I’ve called someone a faggot on roblox
I’ll watch your snap and still won’t text you back
An old man told me his keys to happiness... he said... “kid. First of all, dont drink yourself dry. And stop worrying about people who won’t show or tell you they’ve been thinking of you too.. and get over your past because it’s over you.”
I got up from bed like an hour ago and my boyfriend hasn’t even noticed the lights are on and I’m not next to him :/ how rude
If you texted me 48 hours ago and l didn’t text back, don’t text me back, l saw your message
If you chasing clout move around . Don’t bring dat around me.
Why isn’t “sure” spelled with an “sh”
Y’all out here getting tats of your significant other? Sheesh lmaoooo couldn’t be me
Saw a photo and realized I didn’t recognize Viola Davis earlier. She looked amazing. Definitely one of the best tonight. #Golden Globes
Spend my life with you by Eric Benet ft Tamia must be on my wedding playlist
I don’t care what y’all say my momma’s the cutest
I keep thinking I need to take Winston for a walk but I don’t pick him up from my parents house until tomorrow ;-;
Ain't it funny how some things never change and how hard it is to cover up lies
Oh? I didn't know Isako san just turned 20 too..
It’s like nothing even matters you can give your everything to another person and it doesn’t matter everything is temporary and basically our whole existence is just stupid
What would a Phantomhive butler be if he couldn't do such a thing? # t wit t b o t
listen I applied to mad jobs tonight if I don’t hear nothing back imma start show time showtime next time I hop on the 2 train
airport shuttle driver, talking ab new orleans: “i just can’t see why people would choose to live below sea level that seems like a bad idea” me: “ok but have you ever had a beignet”
Can’t have a new start without a new job. time for a change.. A BIG ONE!
I just can’t take a lot of people serious
I want my own room with my own shit that people aren't fucking constantly fucking up
When you need something but you don’t want to make it obvious that you need something but you’re too indirect and you don’t get what you need
I can't feel my heart but I know she is there and I am happy when my feet are wigling, any other times or feelings there is a feeling of being raped.
"The signs of rain in the heart that won’t fade away don’t sing a song that makes you wither but a song that makes you shine." # R o y z - Noah
I wonder how many times we forgive just because we don't want to lose someone. Even if they don't deserve forgiveness.
Im going to be so so tired tomorrow, but I can’t sleep.
White man said y’all can march boycott and sing negro spirituals all you want y’all ain’t gone fix shit
up like i don’t have work at 4 in the morning
But that is fine because I can post them all while I wait for my flight, right?
Can anyone rec some good middle grade fantasy? Not YA, I don't want to read about angsty teens, but I want something uncomplicated. (Also not Sanderson, his style does not sit well with me.)
men who don't enjoy poetry are tragic.
Why people like me shouldn't have Twitter...
So I'm half way through season one of The Crown on Netflix and I just want all of the dresses and outfits that the women wear. Why couldn't I be born in that generation of fashion??
Can't nobody talk about black women. We work our asses off to get our shit together. We know this world is not built to carry us. That's why we work, that's why we grind. Shit won't shake unless WE make it
if it was anyone else i'd understand, but attacking a literal child for wearing dark navy blue instead of black is too much. y'all know damn well he didn't style himself
U know what tho ... 2 Thangs In Dis World Dat I Ain't Never Seen An Dats Bigfoot & A Bitch Dat I Need.
I haven’t been myself for the last 8 months. I see better days thought.
He just came to our room and stood in the doorway, and I wouldn’t look at him, so he walked away. This is like when Amy burned Jo’s writings except I obviously won’t try to kill him.
jk i'm just annoyed because i have an itch i can't scratch
#Nobody Should Ever Feel Like They can't make someone smile. If I can make at least one person on Twitter smile from something I said, it's a good day to me.
Ion be stun shit that ain’t got nothing to do with me
Just woke up from a nap... can’t wait to get to bed again at 5am lol
I haven’t worn heels in so long , I need to get my feet trained again
Fuck the ep somali cop he a opp ass nigga u ain't never gon catch me lacking
Really haven’t been feeling it lately
I don’t turn my read receipts on for nobody it’s already bad enough you know when I’m texting back, fuck you need to know when I read your message for?
I have not met a single boy that hasn’t made me want to turn inside out like a little slug getting salt poured on it
u don't have to own two diamonds when u only have one place to keep it
by normal twitter i mean the twitter that everyone from school follows me on don't get it twisted
Most of y'all troll on Twitter all day so I don't see how any of y'all can be mad about ESPN platforming LaVar.
Just because you're miserable doesn't mean you can't enjoy your life. Annette Goodheart
i got sick from kissing andrew but it was worth it *inserts i don't care if you're contagious from PTV here*
I don’t think lyricists get their due enough.
Refocus & protect your energy ... don’t join the pity party!
*gets under covers* *thinks about that time last year when I hugged someone that I haven’t talked to since middle school because I remembered she gave me a hug in 7th grade and I forgot personal space protocol* *cringes forever*
True love doesn’t come easy. I promise you that. The tough times and the hard ends you pull to make things work, it’s all worth it in the end. Because true love will never be forgotten and treasured always.
School hasn't even started and I'm ready to go home..
why was jim heated at pam when she couldn't record Cece at the recital. There was an entire documentary crew filming it.
Why a people already disappointed on what's gonna show up in the direct? NINTENDO HASN'T EVEN ANNOUNCED THE DAMN THING YET!
Shouldn’t have allowed myself to ruin my sleeping schedule over break
I don't like macaroni & cheese wait cheese period! Greens, stuffing, apple p, cherry p, peach cobbler, pumpkin pie, sweet potato pie! I literally dont like a WHOLE lot of shit im a very picky eater!
i feel like i don't ask for a lot but sometimes people make me feel like im asking for the world
I ain't never been a snitch Ay
The golden tickets aka golden knights are by far the most annoying team ever... feel free to lose.. you’re messing w the universe it’s not cool and i don’t like that
Girls love the chase, but when you’re the one that she’s not chasing It ain’t fun
i know this sounds so unrealistic but can we just try and be positive as a fandom?
i gotta stop falling asleep early af cus now i can’t go back to sleep n it’s the middle of the night
There's also a special place in hell for ppl who think dark skinned ppl shouldn't cosplay a light skinned character. Fuck off it's a cartoon you FOOL
"If you can't find a good person, be one."
You can’t just give up on someone because the situations not ideal. Great relationships aren’t great because they have no problems, they’re great because both people care enough about the other person to find a way to make it work.
If i like you you’ll definitely know cause i get really weird. I just can’t deal sometimes so bear with me lol
I hate when people trash my fucking house . Like holy shit you may like to live in a pig pen but I sure as hell fucking don't
Told you 4 times don't test me hoe
Every part of my body hurts. This isn't a game anymore. So cold I'm sleeping in a sweat shirt and pants. Heat on full blast
It ain’t and never will kill my vibe.
"I don't quite understand." Me either, lady! That was quite a rambling history lesson from the Gunslinger! #MST3K #Watch Comet
Oculus Go, Rift Core 2.0 for #PSVR, Expected Holiday Season On The big news wasn't VR finally be used without getting asecond
There’s a freaking Zaxby’s in cedar?! Why didn’t anyone tell me?? I’d totally drive 30 minutes for that
I fell in love with the money but wasn’t no love in the streets
I just found out I might be a dad to this one year old kid I don’t know if I should get a drink or kill myself
Did Full House really change Uncle Jesse’s name from Jesse Cochran in season 1 to Jesse Katsopolos in season 2 and think we wouldn’t know WAKE UP SAN FRANCISCO
I just don’t understand how mfs tryna shop online with no money
new year, but the card readers on Round1's Groove Coaster machines still don't work ( >3>)
Bitch I ain't ever have jrotc all my hs years n they wanna give it to me second semester of senior year gardena gmfu bitch I'm pressin catch me there at 7am early morning soon as they open
Can't you see? I'm crazy about you. It's a whirlwind.
if you drink orange juice with pulp then don’t talk to me
i am devastated. i knew i t was coming and here i am, hurt.
Don’t get me wron Gary Oldman is an incredible actor but how does he bring anything new to the table with a portrayal of freaking Winston Churchill? Seeing him on film/TV has gotten old and tiring. #Golden Globes
This isn’t the goal. This is the stepping stone. Be smart.
If love doesn't require some sort of sacrifice on our part, we probably aren't loving the person at all.
Idk why y’all but lately I’ve been eating more lately like I finished a whole meal w/ double chips at Mexican inn and I didn’t get full & im dying right now
"If I ruled the world" I wouldn't rule shit. But no bullshit tolerated. Zero. That means everything will be solid and ALL GOOD for everyone. Population Fasho wouldn't be this fucked up. Meaning subtract how much bad people on earth are living... - all them leave the solid
Can’t wait for the next ozzfest meets knotfest
I hate when females have on heels and they feet hangin out... umm bitch? U can’t see that ain’t your size?
I know Same Ol' Mistakes isn't Rihanna's song, but it matches the vibe that ANTI goes for, perfectly
u ever have so many things on ur mind but don’t know how to put it into sentences that make sense??
They can't see how you glow
i hope there wasn’t an misunderstanding with anyone.
"Dice... I won't say nothing... but explain. "
On one hand too much sugar isn't healthy. On the other hand, after a cake I'm SO much kinder.
my homie tellin me don’t save that girl
after reading It and watching the new movie I can’t believe how many easter eggs there are
like finally an episode that isn't making me think what in the world am i watching
i love jimin so much i can’t believe this
Gotta date Tuesday...well it ain't a date but it's a date to me
Have the office to myself. Springsteen's Thunder Road is on the radio. I'm singing along. I can't sing. I don't care. It's my favourite Springsteen song.
I remember I told them in like November I would wake up in the middle of the night in a random panic and they didn't seem to take it seriously so idk at this point.
I hate when ppl act all tuff like they don't have any feelings or emotions..your human right....
I didn't watch the GG. can someone please tell me which abusers won awards because I need to have a List
Don’t you sometimes wish your heart was made of stone
I haven't cuddled in so long
Don’t wanna take a breath without my baby
I don’t know wtf y’all want me to say after y’all send me the eyes emoji. Tf
I managed to stay off my phone all day until like 5 oclock and now I haven't put it down
Ima thinker I apply ma mind no matter wat I'm doin
anything goes when everything's gone, you ain't around to give a damn whether i do right or wrong
#now Playing on highersound.fm ♫ Mary Mary - Trouble Ain't
#now Playing Martin Garrix ft. Usher - Don't Look Down (Club Mix)
# l r t jongin ... he didn't have to DO(me) that. unbelievable
Anyway, travel with as little as possible. I did 8 days in France with my 3rd smallest carry on & personal bag & still had 2 outfits that I didn’t even wear
It would be nice to feel that spark of liking someone again tho....but I just don’t feel that for anybody right now....someday
i don’t got time for ppl attitudes.. shit is irritating
I can’t wait until I eventually move out of this state and to a warmer state where it doesn’t fucking snow.
I think unless you actually lived in the city and have a 415 number, you can’t say you’re from SF
We don’t need no ejucat.....edjuca...educat...ugh forget this
I want to go home and I haven't even been in toronto 24 hours :(
I’m back from the beach timothèe or Dunkirk didn’t win anything I should’ve just stayed in the water
Ain’t no traffic in your own lane!
Haven't refreshed my podcasts since before Christmas so it's gonna be a big arvo in the air con playing slither.io.
Sometimes I need to be alone..
Jakob looked at my tweets today and told me that he was blushing That boy has my heart when I didn’t even think it existed
Zac Efron, I wasn’t even born I think it’s a mind enclosed in myself because that much stress get to be rooted is in struggling
WHAT ALL THAT FOR 'LOL CAN'T COOK' REALLY
why i came home snatched my wig off and don’t feel like washing my fucking hair
i haven’t slept in my bed in like 3 days
I’m already tired and the day hasn’t started
I WOULD join you but that means I'll have to tackle people and I heard that HURTS. So instead, I'll be your cheerleader! Gimme a D! Gimme a O! Gimme a N-U-T! What's that spell? DONUT! WOOOOOOO!
is anyone awake because i can’t sleep
But then again I haven’t necessarily been dressing for the winter so it’ll be my own fault .
Let's kill Zaveid right here. I know this is a prequel and since he's in Zestiria he can't die but let's do it anyway.
I love how I’m brought into bullshit when i don’t even fucking do anything but mind my own business
I'll be lying if I said Coutinho leaving doesn't hurt
I don’t just trick on just anybody
- Tbh you seem coo shorty we use to talk but you don't fw a nigga no more oh well you can hmu if you want to but if you gone dip again den ion even wanna talk
So my sleeping pregnant wife randomly rolled over in frustration and said, “ I can’t feel my arms” then proceeded to fall directly asleep again. # pregnancy problems # third trimester # sleep talk
i can’t wait for these mcdoubles agggggggh
Just kidding I haven’t seen the speech
Please don't get discouraged if someone says something rude about you. Prove them wrong and show them how amazing you are!
I'm findin' ways to articulate the feeling I'm goin' through I just can't say I don't love you 'Cause I love you, yeah
Whenever I can’t sleep I make JD move over that way I can sleep in his spot and I’m out with in 5 minutes.
My football team isn’t even in the discussion of playoffs. Lol mad af
I haven’t even read it cause I was working
You wouldn’t know what good times felt like if it wasn’t for the bad times !
My grandmother always told me to be there when you weren't expected to be & never expect anything in return. Do right because you're in the position to.
My pupils are always so large. I don’t get it it’s like I’m a perma-high or something
I don’t do nothing for free
I can’t go to sleep bc I’m thinking about a cheese burger.
Hey, uh, Makoto? I don't understand a word you're saying, ya know?
Im such a brat, i don’t know how Jaime deals w/ me :(
I’m probably the only person that still hasn’t watched coco
Remember that powerful and moving speech from last year’s #Golden Globes? NO, YOU DON’T.
Emma said don’t take benedryl that’s for allergies. I said I took it already. She said “ok....” see you at Monday morning meeting girly!!!!!!!!!! (Maybe)
“If you can't fight and you can't flee, flow.”
i feel like a lot of discourse could be avoided if trans ppl just acknowledged that we all have different amounts & expressions of dysphoria & having more or less dysphoria doesn't make you Horrible & Problematique
I been all in my feelings man this shit ain’t even me
classes haven't even started yet & i'm already stressed af
Why can’t anyone be honest and true to you?
uh topher is cute but this ain’t gonna end well because james is out here waiting for her with flowers and she’s bringing him back like i gOTS ME A NEW MAN and james is like a psychopath oh no
Oh boy, 2 day left to come back school...... I hope that huge drama don't start shit if young student is upset or mad at me.
Don't judge people you're not even perfect
When people you don't even know hate you, that's when you know you're the best!
I just realized I don’t tweet that much
i honestly don't think adam leaves his house enough to even be problematic
dj prettyboi tank better be glad i can’t put my money where my mouth is i’ll bet that nigga
You wasn't really real , it was nice to know ya
I can’t sleep because this KDrama is too good. I’m gonna hate myself at work in the morning.
Mine doesn’t move like this tho
President Winfrey has an elegant ring to it. # O p r ah 2020
People need to start being truthful to others and themselves or they aren't going to get anywhere
psa: don’t make promises that you can’t keep
Bro I’m so glad I don’t have student loans.
Please don’t make me feel something for you if you don’t feel anything back
I already got "buddy, they won't even let me fuck the fish man" and a Lovecraft reference out of my system but this is just scratching the surface of why I shouldn't be allowed near art
When the time comes, baby don’t run, just kiss me slowly
Don’t worry about him asking, MAKE him yo man 2018 sis
i just gotta realize you don’t got me like i got you
It’s crazy how fast the first semester flew by.... can’t believe I’ll be starting my last semester of high school soon
I don’t wanna talk to you If it’s not bout revenue
I don’t know what time my doctors appointment is tomorrow
I really be feeling like I'm going crazy these days. Are people seriously this emotionally retarded?
I wore black today on accident so that's good I guess. I didn't leave the house but still.
If you don’t fwm now don’t fwm later
I just wish people weren’t so dumb.
I don't really believe in zodiac signs but hmu if you a Leo, thnx
count yourself lucky if you grew up in a home where every one wanted you to succeed
He was so drunk he couldn’t remember how to punctuate.
to whoever told grayson that he couldn’t be sad because “he’s famous and everybody loves him”: money doesn’t = happiness did you realize his dad has cancer? did you realize he has feelings/ emotions? did you realize that he’s human ??
I don’t know how I feel about starting the gym tomorrow..
Here we are... 4 months until graduation and I’m now beginning to think I don’t want to do nursing..... lol yay
Damn Texas just full of honeys ain’t it?
I dm myself funny tweets so I can show my bf later bc he doesn't have a Twitter
You don't lose when you fail, You lose when you give up. Hold onto your dreams and work hard to build them up. #Monday Motivation
my sister taking her computer charger back, and my parents having our kitchen on lockdown and them already being mad at me doesn’t make me really wanna mf get food so i don’t have anything to do now
I’m really not okay. I just want it to be okay. I can’t put on a strong front for much longer.
damn right now is a time that I really need to just cry it out bc I know if I don't know I'm going to cry in class tomorrow but I'm going to be so bloated and ugh
She don’t suck dick But expect me to eater
Do you ever get just drunk enough to almost text someone you shouldn’t but then talk yourself out of it because you are also feeling yourself and know you are worth more than that? #Asking For A Friend
Black Gays are either ignorant with their HIV jabs or just isn’t educated about STDs at all. It’s always best just to worry about yourself and stop trying to clock and add the mileage on somebody else’s sex life.
Pray we don’t have school tomorrow
Goldfinger is on TV tonight. I haven't seen this movie in a while so with this revisit so many things about our President make so much more sense
i’m not getting in nobody business so don’t put me in nothing! i don’t do drama & drama don’t do me, so w/ that being said don’t ask for my opinion or show me nothing cause i don’t wanna hear it
Y’all homies be in the closet gay and can’t even tell his bros cause y’all gon disown him. Idc what yo sexuality is foo you still my bro
I have decided that my 2018 saying will be: “If you can’t handle me at my chola you don’t deserve me at my Selena” And if you don’t understand what a chola or who Selena is idk if I need you in my life
Already Can’t Wait Till Wednesday & Thursday To Be Here!
don't you see what you're finding? this is heaven in hiding
My brain is going 2 million miles an hour. I can't sleep and I have too much to do tomorrow. Ugh. Shut up brain. Shut up.
I'm gonna guess that Toriyama just wanted a bunch of twists and didn't worry about like, properly justifying it
I don’t want to wake up at 4:40 in the morning again why is this my life
There’s a lot about me you don’t know
I didn't pay it much attention but it seems as if Get Out got nothing at the Golden Globes. Why is horror, the only true cinematic genre, always overlooked at these hoity-toity ceremonies?
I’m the type of person that don’t give up on ANYTHING. If I feel like I could do something than I’m going to do it because when time go by and I don’t want to think to myself “ what if”
I actually started it but don’t have any colors to finish :))
Don't you worry, friends! Megamort is here to save the day! Hachacha!
*in my talking-to-dogs voice* "Look at my big boy and his PERFECTLY NORMAL PENIS!" I didn't realize adopting dogs would change me so quickly.
I am whatever you say I am If I wasn’t then why would I say I am
I don’t believe in violence but...
babe don’t treat the right person wrong
Good news, I've quit smoking and working on quitting drinking. 2018 calls for a better me. If you can't support that, then please feel free to leave my life.
someone tell me when the awful games block of agdq starts so i don't miss it
Didn't expected this... visuals&BGM Hit kala kanipistundi bomma lo #Naa Nuvve First Glimpse
Will Smith making an Instagram was everything I didn’t know I needed
i’m so sick of people who aren’t upfront
Tonight I cried over a boy for 2 seconds but I pulled myself together in 2 seconds and now laughing at myself bc boys aren’t worth my tears !!!
This shit feels like teenage fever I'm not scared of it, she ain't either
i always hesitate to try new things because i don’t want to go by myself but it’s definitely time to change that
It kinda sucks being alone . I know I don't need no one to be happy but sometimes I miss sharing laughs, jokes, and memories with.
I ain’t been broke in a minute
I don't even know her But I feel a responsibility to do what's upstanding and right It's kinda like a code, yeah And you've been getting closer and closer And crossing so many lines
Your effort will never matter to a person who doesn’t care about you ~r.h sin
After spending my winter break recharging physically and mentally I can't wait to get back into school. 3 more semesters... # excited # m e t n e r d # sooner the better
nobody look at any of my tweets or i'll have a heart attack
When they be like you annoying lol I be like you don't tell yo other hoes that
There was a time where i just didn’t know who i was or what i wanted anymore
God will always be by all of our sides no matter what is going on in our lives. He won’t put an obstacle in our way if he knows we can’t handle it.
Don't tell me that "there is someone out there for everyone", because if there was ever the right person for me, is probably try and urge them to leave because of who I am. I wouldn't want to hurt their perception of me.
I don’t care if Frank Ocean released novacane in 2011 I still jam out to it like if it was released yesterday
they use to be like i’m a grandma i don’t wanna do this or that when really that wasn’t the case
I hate the feeling where you don't know how to feel about someone who's obviously playing you. like part of me still wants to be their "friend" but then I just want to drop them already. I love twitter. I'm not always alone..
ky; oh my god,,, i love you SO MUCH i can't deal with you always has me in tears i'd fight for you xU mInGhAo a precious bb
don't try and justify your mistakes with someone else's
But guess why~ Because he will make her a t w i n k i e
Do you ever feel like you’re the only one in the world that doesn’t have a significant other lmao bc same
I couldn't fall asleep so I ended up falling asleep at 2 am and waking up at 5 am
Person: Hey Jason! How is everything? Me: hey! Everything is going great! Can't complain! Morgan Freeman narrating my life: ...Everything was not going great and I can complain.
And I hope you know that its "touch and go". I hope the tears don't stain the world that it waits outside. Where did it all go wrong?
My monitor won’t turn on help
I always be like “bitch I can’t ride in that” lol
It still hasn't hit me my last semester of college is suppose to start tomorrow
Life becomes so much better when you decide not to care. Just live for the moment and don’t let the drama bring you down.
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is a very good film that didn’t give out participation trophies. Get over it.
It's crazy how much I don't feel like a college student, like ya I go to class but that's about as collegy as it gets tbh
lol i don’t even know how to feel about school in the morning.
What happened was a real and true tragedy, but I'm so greatful for the amazing people I gained through this. If it weren't for y'all Idk where'd be
“I don’t just believe in you, I know.” # d an n y #Everyone Needs A Danny
ima be 21 this year & i can’t fuckinggg wait .......... but i can lol
Time to pack away his guitar and make sure he didn't leave anything out aside from tomorrow's necessities.
My new glasses came in! But...I feel....like my eyes...look....tiny LOL I don't wanna look UGLY AHHHHH
Don’t talk reckless if you don’t want to wreck yourself
Why doesn’t Apple have a bag of chips emoji?
I don’t care hat anyone thinks anymore I’m done trying
ugh I can’t do this to myself
The tragedy of life doesn't lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goal to reach.
im sorry but I'm not sharing my nigga. if you my nigga you MY nigga
I’m still here.. after telling you so long I’m still here after saying I’d be gone baby Now maybe I was just talking out of my head but baby if I wasn’t can I take back what I said
help me mama[i can’t fight this battle alone]
I ain’t drink all year I’m doing good
I feel like it’s a lot that people don’t say to me, or to my face at least.
I could easily change my bio to just "Freedom lover" but the left loves their labels and I want to be understood
I just got Canes while wearing my Freds wristband that allows you to get a free toast and I didn’t realize it until I got home. I am so blown right now. 3 toasts with bob would’ve been
Note to self: Don't become a Bitcoin Miner # headache # future job
There was nothing to tape the driver's side part I cut off onto but the whole thing of course would not come off and I didn't have a wire cutter.
Starting to think that you don’t want me
Does a certain set of instruments define a genre? Like can a guitar be jazzy and flute rock? Maybe it's because said instruments are best made for the genre. I don't know entirely though.
tbh if u curved me u don’t deserve me. That’s how I’m rocking from now on
You shouldn't dictate critical relationships but collaborate with zooxanthellae to impress interstitial sushi restaurants. Donate!
I don’t see the point in having school tomorrow
I tried to hide my feelings to keep myself controlled but somehow I can't deny what's deep inside my soul -Christmas In MyHeart, SarahConnor
I don’t wanna to go to school tomorrow and the fact that it’s a whole new school alssksmdkx ;////
I need blunt and it's so early + I don't know whether to cop at jozi or major
I'm so tired of the fake love, I don't even want love.
So much shit has happened I don’t even be knowing how to feel
Can people seriously stop using his death as a way to push their agenda onto others. It's disrespectful to his memory and it's just shows how you don't really give a fuck about him anyways.
i can't wait til freddie highmore and i are wed
If you’re happy to be the first Black ANYTHING in 2018, good for you. My first thought would be “WHY DID IT TAKE THIS LONG?” ...but please, be happy being the “first Black _______” Please. Don’t let me steal your joy.
About to let this gintama episode put me in my feels in a few... Can't wait to see and hear the opening and ending.
Reading Joseph Roth, Hotel Savoy (novella). Very fine, ironic and modernist. Tried Mercé Rododero last night, but (in translation, at least) didn’t grab me. But the introduction gave me a small lesson in Catalan nationalism.
# Me r k e l hasn't been "Chancelling" for 3 months while playing coalition musical chairs. Do the bookies get a partial refund? LOL
We wasn’t deep at first but now ...
I don’t think Take Care will ever get old to me
Every time I call a mfer for a gram they be acting like they in Power all secretive and shit... like nigga if you don’t come outside and get this $10
I'm really missing you big time but why do I feel that I can't have you anymore. :-(((
/ a character who has internalized homophobia saying things that could be homophobic isn't their fault!!
i just pray 2nd semester i start strong and finish stronger
someone just asked me where Matt Smith's eyebrows went and now.. I can't unsee it..
“You can keep this jacket I know I ain’t getting it back”
You don't know how lovely you are
hating ain't got no gender on it
Don't feel guilty for doing what is best for you
"Faith is taking the first step even when you don’t see the whole staircase." – Martin Luther King Jr.
I don’t care. I have my friends to wait for me. I don’t care. I have my fans to support me. [Don't care/CNBLUE]
I’ve been gone so much I really don’t want to leave the house all week
Talking shit on #Times Up and all the women who wore black on the Golden Globes doesn't make you funny or "anti-establishment," you're just proving the need for this movement, and the many that will follow them up.
i keep fantasising about overdosing but i can’t die until all my bones are showing
Just sitting here listening to my mum bragging about the hair and make up I did for her. She doesn’t know I can hear. It’s nice to know you’ve done good :)
I cannot come an kill myself lemme go to bed cause I’m really lying to myself. My brain can’t function any longer
I really don’t want to start spring semester Tuesday :(
Was casually singing “yeh mausam ki baarish, yeh baarish ka paani” when I glanced at the clock and realized it’s Maghreb time and I went “La Hawla Wala Kuwwata” I haven’t seen anything escalate this quickly in a while
time isn't real i'm gonna stay up for eri's bday
Who am I......? I don't know.....
I don't need sex, because solo quee fucks me everyday.
Georgia QB , better have a break out game if it’s over. Cuz when that D line gets to him. He’s D O N E
can’t wait until i get married wow
My grandma just farted then started talking like it didn’t happen
Why do y’all try to talk to me? I don’t even text back
If you can't hang then, there's the door baby
morning how were the golden glo... oh wait i don't care
I didn’t set my alarm for work this morning. I woke up 2 minutes before it should have gone off. Jesus!
It don’t even feel like a Sunday
Don't let your past kills your future.
Even my closet friends don’t know things until things are final or close to completion.
Please let me move on. I don’t want to be drawn in again but I can’t help myself.
We (America) don’t deserve Oprah as president. She is walking in her purpose and we are all benefiting from it.
Yes I love wine like it's just mellow and that's all you need
"You deserve to be with somebody who makes you happy. Somebody who doesn’t complicate your life. Somebody who won’t hurt you.”
i can't wait for summer music festivals with my pals
Don't believe that innocent role y'all females wicked that shit crazy
I just been feeling like this shit ain’t for me ..
boys ain’t good for ya .
can’t love others unless you learn to love yourself
: top 5 flyest niggas I personally know and that’s no cap. I’m just trying to hold some bread you know I’m good for I.T
The Disaster Artist is such an enjoyable film if you guys haven’t seen it please go!
I definitely haven’t missed my dorm
our house got a cat named Greg and I can’t stop laughing about his name
having more confidence in your self & stunting on your successes is the greatest feeling ever especially if your working for it
somebody, anybody with a puppy (preferably golden retriever but i don’t discriminate) PLEASE LET ME PLAY WITH UR DOGS!! PLEASE IM BEGGING U
So that 1 hour of rest finally caught me as SOON as I get to my other hotel. So much for posting those pics tonight.
Don't you dare take a screenshot of that last post
I don't stress looking for the right woman..I work on being the right man
I don't trust nothing & nobody so if I'm "acting funny" know you gave me funny feelings
You ain't gotta fwm no more, but just know when I hit yo line-it's for a reason.
I'm already annoyed by Donald Trump in 2018. That didn't take long.
Some of y’all don’t even realize the good people in ya life until you push them away .
Okay I am excited about having our lil girl pup next month & I still can't think of a cutie name
Okay.. lemme continue my list of favorite songs that doesn't really matter
I’m literally about to throw my tv out this window if Netflix don’t load
Maybe I’ll see you in another life if this one wasn’t enough
don't be like me, kids plan your colouring / etc
I’m really not feeling school tomorrow. My energy levels are dangerously low and I just can’t deal with people anymore. Is it to late to be homeschooled?
Here goes my day, I don’t think I have the energy to stay back until 6pm.
I don’t need the gym , I just cough to get abs
I just have a Personality Disorder^tm and I'm very analytic and don't have the energy to explain things all the time which results in me being kind of direct I guess.
My body won’t let me be great tonight
I miss my boyfriend so much I hate the fact that he’s sick and I can’t see him
You gotta want this shit just as bad as they don’t want you to have it
don't talk to me if you know you're only going to disappoint me :)
If you ain’t wit it den bitch mind ya bizness
2018 nobody better not ask me for shit.. I ain’t got, I’m broke & or just hell no!!!
Rhos’ first adventures with the new gang went SO so good! He even slipped and fell in a stream and cried already! Really good bunch, can’t wait for MOREEEE!!! I missed my golden boy. ;___;
Why won’t Snapchat let me change my username. I freaking hate Cattran. Idk why I even used that name when I made a sc. I always use Melo for everything. I was stupid af. # he a in t my daddy
I did wanna go on a trip but I don't wanna go by myself.
honda civic | tory lanez , classic
Reality’s been kickin my ass since I realized I wasn’t getting my hogwarts letter
I don't fucking miss you I just think about you now and then
Females don’t even know how to ride for a nigga nor keep one but be so quick to put they 2 sense in about somebody else’s relationship. Cut-it-out.
and I think probably such an outpouring will just make my abuser want to further act in ways to demean, control, intimidate me. to prevent my joy, my sense of wellbeing and safety within myself. he can't take this feeling away from me though
Woahh can't believe I'm rewatching snsd girls go to school. It's been a long time girls. seeing them in those days and now ,really they deserve the name of nation no.1 girl group.
of course I would get hungry right when I get home, and I don’t grocery shop till tomorrow.
Just because you don’t like what’s being reported, doesn’t make it fake news
Walt was such a bad liar too Don Draper from Mad Men was damn near better at covering up the truth than he was. Then again he wasn’t a whole ass drug dealer so I guess there’s that.
>> Fun Boy &amp; Bananarama - It Ain&apos;t What You Do # radio at l ant is r otter dam # r otter dam
Convent school doesn't create scholars,they create grammar Nazis
How petty is it for me to text date boy tomorrow after work and say “let the record show it was not I who ghosted this time”? I won’t. But I want to.
For those of you who don't know me, I am a highly sarcastic human being.
Don't take credit for what you abandoned.
I don’t even know what sleep is
I don’t care how good Oprah’s speech was. I really just want a real President back. Not a celebrity. I’m sick of celebrity.
I won’t be able to start watching The Chi until I’m able to smoke again
I feel like I’m the luckiest woman in the world because of you . I can’t believe you’re finally mine. I will be yours forever. Best day ever
goodnight I have the coolest fuckin friends I can’t wait for tour and life has been honestly treating me well lately and I’m content love you all
I jump out at yo house I ain’t shoot from the corner !
When did art stop being art because people don’t take it seriously? (asking for a friend)
I can’t sleep and I’m having my first good cry of the year. Good thing classes start tomorrow, that should really do the trick of cheering me up
Some people just aren’t going to appreciate and love you as much as you love and appreciate them. that’s just life.
they are the one band that i grew up with that hasn't switched to a more generic pop sound, i get that bands want to change up their sound and thats totally fine and mayday has done that too but it still has that classic mayday feel
I got a lot on my mind why won’t you listen baby
I can’t & I won’t let this be the end of my legacy. Came to far too see my dreams parish.
People that don’t do drugs never pass the hookah when they stressed
#Bushra Manika Marriage is a necessity If any one object on any one marriage then he must full fill need of man who is going to Mary It is simple if any one is hungry then you can't stop him to eat. Now understand :)
roll out a red carpet on the ground 4 u
I feel like laying up but I’m at work
So I’m talking to Naaman about how T’Challa being called black panther is technically redundant and he won’t accept that I’m right..
My girl will yell at me bout something and I won’t get what she mad at for like three days then it just dawns on my like “ohhhhhhhhh”
omg like we don’t care big bruh
In three and a half years, me and my man will be living together and I can’t fucking wait
If you don’t show off ya girl you a lame no way around it
My newly converted army friend here in the office ask me about my twt username... I want to give it to her so I can guide her more... But I'm posting shits here and I don't want anyone here in the office that I'm a real shit online.
Dude i don’t even know what the fuck my life is
I can't wait to buy this classic shoe ya going be like okkkk then.
my state manager today apparently told one of our casual staff that if we don’t make budget this week our store might close!!???
Empty virtue signaling in wearing a nice black tux or gown with a pin slabbed on doesn’t do anything if you aren’t challenging those in the same space as you that have invested in projects with sexual abusers.
Oooh aaah haven’t seen #Robert Pattinson in awhile #Golden Globes
oprah made me cry and now i can't sleep.
This speech deserves a # golden globe # O p r ah
Can’t drink all day if you don’t start in the morning
I'm going to make sure kids don't grow up like me
I love cyn, she’s like my spirit animal.
I can’t believe I haven’t slept yet, this is wild
I hate how I don’t even remember how my grandpa looks.
I just started half blood prince and I’m really hoping Snape isn’t actually evil
Yo they ain’t gone take me to jail for a ticket is they I’ll be sick
Charlie Daniels said you shouldn't go smoke that dope but damn I can't help I love rollin stonnnnneddd
Let's gamble our souls on video games.
Haven’t had any in a long time
It hasn’t hit me yet but holy shit I’m now in my 20’s
Rough day, but we can't win them all.
i can't decide, you have made it harder just to go on
T-5 days until I get to see my person
Barely a week into 2018: 1. Logan Paul ruined social media 2. Mariska wasn't nominated/didn't get a Golden Globe 3. And apparently Rollisi is now considered incest What has the world come to
why the fuck am i in my feelings about this nigga? he ain't even special
You’re sayin a lot,but aren’t showing much
I haven't even gone back to school yet and I'm already fucking done with this semester
● If anybody can have it I DON'T WANT IT ... this goes for people too
literally can’t wait to be stable so I can move out and buy a pitbull puppy
Don't mind. It's in mind capsules.
Mush everyone’s getting engaged and sprouting kids, they ain’t even got a house together and still living with parents, priorities ay right round here
we good over here don’t worry
Being happy is a goal for me in 2018. It's my "New Year's" resolution you could say. It's time to work on myself and improve myself.... And ultimately making friends with myself. Make friends with yourself too. I'm extremely proud of you fuzzbutts. Don't let that shine fade out.
I can’t wait to go to oracle arena again in June!
Wasn’t very good to begin with, anyway.
3rd tip: if you want to make friends, don't be a bitch or dick and complain about every little thing that doesnt go your way. You won't make friends this way
Everyday your voice and image fades from my memory, but I remember the good times. The times before you got sick. Though, these memories try to run...I wasn't around you very often when I was younger. This fact makes me wish you were here even more...
- i don’t eat all fucken day just so i can go to korean bbq & guess what happens ? i ain’t going best believe i’ll have a big attitude
I'd vote for her over the entirety of the Republican party right now & look at how old & established they are. That doesn't mean shit if it aint a heart there FIRST.
i’m always doing for niggas, don’t remember the last time i heard a thank you..
Can’t believe I left me wallet at home!
Focus on what YOU bring to the table and not what others aren't bringing.
Why can’t I just move on...
I, Tonya doesn't premiere in Spain until February (I have obviously already watched it illegally) but, and though I really hate Spanish dubbing, you can bet your ass I'm spending my money watching it again once it does. The film deserves recognition.
Best thing about owning movies. I can rewind and rewatch awesome scenes. Also, I can pause so I can go poop. !!!In 4K!!!
“Don’t apologize for who you are and who you’re not”
So once again i don't know what to wear so I'll probably go looking like crap once again
It's a fanfic that made me cry don't worry if you even worried lmao
I'd be out cruising all night if I didn't have work and school tomorrow
please don't stop the music XD
Shouldn't have taken that 4hr nap today.. I'm already tired for tomorrow #Never Gonna Sleep
((T o o sleepy to cling to staying awake, so i just won't i guess. So I'll wake up tomorrow and eat a nice breakfast, and get to the lewd.
People haven't always been there for me, but music always has.
11:17 pm the night before my spring semester starts and i don’t even know what room my 9 am class is in xoxo
Don’t feel like doing the whole school bullshit tomorrow
Don’t nobody love u when u doin bad
Stop! Don't be so mean to my CLEFAIRY!
I’m not being mean. I’m just wondering why everyone wants to look the same. And, why y’all choose a hairstyle that doesn’t suit everyone?
I don’t hold grudges. I like to learn, forgive, move on or reconnect. You bring people in for a reason. They are special to you. I don’t see anything wrong w/ that. But that’s just my opinion.
I can't believe am saying this but I'd rather go back to peds for 8 more weeks, instead of this department!
I’ll say what I don’t mean.
Lrt Oh shit I didn't even know he did that wtf
It’s 5:16am, probs 0deg outside, heating ain’t on, just got up from a nightmare and I decide to tweet about pipes
Don't tell me I can't # accomplish my # dreams ; I ate 2 pints of ice cream today.
if u don’t like dill pickles shut up
1 MILLION FCKIN DOLLARS TO ANYONE WHO DOESN’T OWN A PAIR OF VANS
I need a new guitar, can’t get better with a broke guitar
and here I am still awake and watching a Christmas movie lmao, and I haven't put any of my clothes away or made my bed oops
We hit record tonight still have room for a question or two. And if you have a hero of you week nominate them here! Don’t forget to tell us why! # spread the love # p o d cast #Podern Family # question
I don’t feel like going back to work until Wednesday. I got mad time to use. Lol fuck it
Honestly when it comes to relationships.. you gotta take a chance and pray for the best. These gurus can’t make your love great.. YOU make it great. Two individuals who are WILLING to work through it all is what makes it great.
And I get lonely without you, And I can't move on..
In other musings, I have yet to eat American food that isn't a) overly processed crap and b) unoriginal.
Going to sleep. Please don't let me wake up. Amen.
Scared I don't make you happy anymore
I don’t get why my ex wants to tell me that I’m in love with him. First of all I fucking hate you. And second of all I’m pretty sure I’d know if I’m in love with someone. Lmfao.
You can't just arrive in Gotham City... and not tell... Batman.
don’t ever eat 7 hotdogs in one night even if you haven’t eaten in the day
Didn't care then, don't care now and will most likely never care k thx
i can’t wait until april and may bc that’s prime tanning season and i need to not be white anymore
I ain't gonna lie, I strongly dislike talking to people... doesn't matter what its about. "Aaron, I called/texted you." "I know"
I want some pickles don’t feel like driving either
If my mouth don’t say it, my face surely will
If you love me, mean it. Don't pretend to care so you can protect my feeling!
Just dropped a class, not because it was going to be hard, but because I knew that one of my other classes was going to be absolutely horrid and I ain't got the time to worry about an easy class.
Greyson Dolan and Ethan Dolan is trynna ignore me. BUT IT AIN’T GONE HAPPEN!
kinda glad that this game is coming to an end, not bc it wasn’t interesting or i didn’t enjoy it or whatever hut bc i wanna see my tl again and i miss my oomfs that went on hiatus
Ferg bodied that song he ain't need no help
I haven't woken up before 12 this whole break idk how I'm gonna get up at 6 tomorrow
I don’t argue. I’ll hit you with that smooth ass “k” & keep it moving because I am not gone sit here and go back and forth with somebody’s child.
just listened to an outsurance ad and realised people who stay in kasi ain't their target market at all ...(how many people can say I park my car in a garage or the block of flats are secure) # lets cater for us
I hate this phone lol. The emojis aren't in the same place anymore and there are too many new ones....but at least I don't see some empty square boxes with a male/female symbol anymore
i was fine a few hours ago and now im so sick what the hell just happened
I don’t even want to get up and prepare myself for school, I can’t believe I’m going to stuck there for the next 9 hours without wifi or good internet connection
Niggas will never be shit lmao like i can’t deal
And I’ve been saying that I’m okay all day, and I’m not. I want to cry but I can’t. I feel numb.
can’t tell if i miss you or the idea of you
I have the most supportive boyfriend ever and I couldn’t be happier
I wanna see if the department next door to us doesn't mind me playing music and occasionally singing while everyone in my team is away.
OOMF just don’t know I can’t wait to get him where I want him
CAS wants kids & parents obey to it's agenda. That's why they didn't let my kids go that long. Until we become totally broken inside out. If we survive oh God please We want to be healed from this torture.
Apparently nacho cheese isn’t a good source of dairy
Mikey is so cute wtf I’ll never get over it my heart fucking melts
I like hanging with dudes because they don’t throw shade towards a person every 2 and 1/2 minutes.
I said I wasn’t going to LIV but they got me going to LIV
No no no I’m not going into a # tuck son black hole I need to fight it I got to get stuff done... they are gonna win aren’t they? They always do... Help!!!!
some of the same people retweeting oprah's speech tonight and preaching about #Me Too and #TIMESUP are the same people who continue to pin powerful women in the industry against each other on social media. practice what you preach or don't speak at all.
It seems benign but it wasn't. God wanted me to know He still loves me and is still pursuing me.
I don’t even know why this is still an argument. You don’t like negan that’s fine you don’t like negan bye. But don’t say he’s a horrible person and rick is an angel honey no
Raegan: you don’t like going there? Guy: no it’s too much of a clutter Raegan: he likes clean, he’s my soulmate
My feelings have been messed up for the last few fays. I really don't know what to do
I don’t give a damn how much I love someone the first time they cheat it’s completely over for us give a fuck about their excuses. I don’t tolerate it.
I know I’m late watching I.T but you can suck a dick!
oh my goodness I didn’t even see the golden globes but i’m still tearing up at how much I love Oprah i’m so grateful that I get to experience her work
Can’t wait until the day that I can genuinely say that I’m happy
I get a little excited and post a lot when im at concerts and I really don’t care
Oprah doesn't understand why someone would walk away from money Remember that I'll never forget her interview with Chappelle, as it really showed me her priorities in life
Don't mind the typo...my phone did that
Leave that 0 and get you a hero
People just can’t accept the bron better than Kobe
Why can't there be a tiny Yuuka?
i tell you my life and y'all don't believe me when i say it
The Arkham Asylum run was very entertaining!! Didn't know Batman could move so fast!! #AGDQ2018
i really don’t want to go to school :(
It is to console her mother that about the last.
Tbh I can’t wait till y’all start getting married, I love weddings.
Christina ain’t here I’m sad af by myself
But in the context of addressing sexism and also racism in Hollywood, and you have this white leading man who's made these kinds of comments not that long ago, I don't think it's irrelevant. So we'll see if he's asked about this.
Can’t wait to go to finish school so I can go to las fiestas de Zacatecas y Jalisco
i don't know why i'm always surprised when all of my alcohol disappears every time my 20-year-old nephew has friends over
That doesn’t surprise me one bit but hey I’m not gonna say anything
And that my friends is why we don’t fuck with pink meat
I don’t hate mondays. I actually hate Tuesdays more (sometimes Wednesdays) idk why
why do i even try to keep someone in my life if they don’t give a fuck if i’m alive or dead
Let’s be honest, if you didn’t wear black at the Golden Globes tonight, you were just trying to call attention to yourself.
MOST PEOPLE ON TWITTER CLAIMING THAT THEY ARE #Actually Autistic ACTUALLY AREN'T
tbh don’t even wanna fw no one shits dead asl
I don’t wanna be just another ex-love you don’t wanna see
Crazy shit happened today. Can’t wait till I put these beats out.
My fam and I are sleeping over at my dads friends house and everyone went to bed like 2 hours ago and now I’m hungry but I can’t go get anything because I’ll look bad
Come to the realization that just because your having a bad day doesn’t mean the world stops.it keeps going so you have to too.Just remind yourself that tomorrow is going to happen and it’ll hopefully be better
So um if u like me don’t k
Be soft. Don’t let the world make you hard. Do not let the pain make you hate!
I told my mom I was gay, why the fuck she ain't listen?
mannn I don’t EVER want to hear someone who doesn’t have to pay for their own college tuition, doesn’t have a job, and is still living off their parents saying SHIT about how they’re “stressed”
When you need someone,don't keep quiet.Reach for help.
I didn’t know my own strength
i wish i didn’t feel like this.
Learned tonight that I can't write an assessment and understand what's happening in Dr. Strange at the same time. # completely lost # huh ?
I'm getting money like a ma'afucka
always the one getting hurt no matter what situation i’m in. i can’t do this anymore honestly
This better not be a scam
When I post on ig the only like that matter to me is my mama’s, I be BIG pressing when she don’t like my shit lmao
Haven't met my soulmate yet. Or have I? Anyways if reading just know I'm waiting patiently and I can't wait to spoil you.
Just in case ... I hate to swear, but my Western Total MF don't get it easy...
he know I got expensive taste and he don’t even mind
1. ALL the hours invested in prayers might be less effective if we don't spend twice as much time in stillness and sensitivity in order to pick God's signal on which way to go. # Wisdom for living # Lessons from babel 2
Spider, if you mind your own business I’ll leave you alone just don’t fucking crawl up the wall PLEASE stay under the bed I hope you die though
Seriously don’t know how I haven’t gotten sick with strep yet...
My cat peed and pooped on our bean bag chair and now i’m going crazy trying to get the smell out. Of course she does it on a Sunday when I won’t go out shopping.
Sunshinegirl is home and eating soup and so glad to be with her bear. Another person might not be but Sunshinegirl doesn’t care
got my mom hooked on htgawm and now that’s all she’s been watching lol
Milk made me cry. This James Franco marathon is canceled bc my heart couldn’t handle that movie.
My aspirations for myself are so high that it literally keeps me up at night ... I have so much I want to do and I CAN’T dissapoint myself ...
I’m honestly so angry at all of you who didn’t show me the band Leftover Crack you’re all fake
24) if you're an avid fan of modern country music you probably aren't a good person
“i don’t kiss anyone like i kiss you. i don’t drive anyone else around like i do you. i don’t buy anyone else the things i buy you. i don’t love anyone the way i love you.”
I got a raise at work and it's honestly so refreshing to see that all the work I do isn't going completely unnoticed
love to be the only extremely smart/talented person out of everybody else i know who doesn't have a cushy corporate shill job doing ui research to the benefit of accelerationism
Why the hell do people put their own pictures of themselves on Xbox? This ain’t Facebook. No girl gives a shit what you look like.
Treeing feeonkudr blush a get a hey to be July dextiku t knots buf
If everything is “I don’t know” from a man’s mouth, baby then it’s time to do you. Real men are never unsure about what they want & who they want. Period..
i stress and then i can't sleep then i stress bc i can't sleep bc i'm stressing ya feel me
touch me baby girl can't you see i am NOT afraid
Do not despair the Mercy of Allah, for He s.w.t. says immediately in the next ayah: Except those who repent, and believe, and do righteous deeds [‘amila ‘amalan solihan]… [Surah Al-Furqan 25:70]
Military. I said no immigrants and smiled. He turned bright red and a shocked facial expression. I told him “ yeah I’d be embarrassed too “ Moral of this post don’t speak out your ass.
It pains me how Austin Carr gets so frustrated when the Cavs blow a defensive possession. He clearly can see what’s happening but idk how the Cavs don’t
Can’t run that one way. Stags
Don’t want to die, don’t want to live, ask me about how many fucks i give # depression # numb # apathy
It’s been over a year and I haven’t had much healing. I still look for you in everyone I meet.
"Don't look at me like that. Fat chicks need love too... but they got to pay." - Quagmire
Think I'm the same, gone head you dumb MF! Its 018. Have faith within yourself if nobody else doesn't #People Can Change
Promote your female junior execs, coordinators, and (most importantly) assistants, people. And if you don’t have any, take a LONG look at yourself and figure out why that is.
why am i putting anime on my main twitter and acting like i didn’t go through the effort to make a completely new twitter just to put all my anime stuff on
So Petty Jenkins ,Amma Asante and Niki Caro weren’t even nominated?!!!
Oh so the details didn't change?
Backstubbers please go to hell, don't multiple yourselves here on earth.
Miss . I don't think its avoidable.
When you have homework due tomorrow already and you waited until right now and you’re computer won’t work
Why do people wanna continue to play crazy with me like I won’t SHOW MY WHOLE ASS!!!
Can’t sleep been awake since 0345 this morning counting . Just want to
And scratch where it will do very few things wrong, but he will always look to the office. -GALANES DIKES
Reach me where the light can't go out.
Imma miss all my homies that are graduating this year, it just hasn’t hit me yet
Lyft line sucks bc it's like I don't wanna have to interact with other people who are also super poor and lazy
Baby is getting dresssed for work, he can't fasten his pants button, he's fat
If you don’t speak, how do I know?
You a hoe , you been a hoe , always gonna be a hoe been made a name for yourself can't be mad at nobody but yourself Hoe
i’m gonna take the biggest fattest nap today i don’t care if i have to study
I don't know who I am without you
I can’t stand people who haven’t even met Ian calling themselves his aunt/uncle/godmother WHATEVER. ITS ANNOYING AS SHIT
my bestfriend is the most kind hearted, respectful and compassionate person. i swear you won't ever find somebody as great as them. and did i forget to say my bestfriend is FREAKIN AWESOME?!?
|: Sorry if I wasn't on. A lot of things were happening at the moment. But with that being said, if you'd want to RP. Like this tweet.
You know people say “drive a car until the wheels fall off” yeah well thats how I use my iphone chargers
What legit confuses me about tonight is the same “bottoms” that want “tops” to take care of them are the ones messaging the dudes with the Jackd profiles like “Big 10in freak looking for smoke and freaks” like you ain’t the only one in that niggas inbox
I don't wan talk leave me alone I ain't tryna be rude
FaceTime a dude just to listen to him play 2K or Call of Duty live with his friends
24 Years OLD WOW!!!!!! Lets Make 2018 The Best year of my Life!!!!!!
Listening to KPop songs from late 2000s to early 2010s because I don’t know any better how to lift my spirits.
Why can’t I be both a night owl and early riser and still get adequate sleep # late night thoughts
when someone makes a joke and you don’t get it but you don’t want to be rude so you just laugh... awksss..
who has to wake up in 3 hours and doesn't feel sleepy in the slightest? it's a-me!
I know you’re just drunk and don’t care about him
A snowday will be greatly appreciated
when people reply to my snaps and tell me i'm hilarious it makes me feel so good. not that i don't already know i'm funny, but i love hearing it
fuck no, i don't wanna go to school tomorrow
I have woke up 5 times since 4pm like I can't get solid sleep for shit wtf
gemo took his cover from me & i don’t feel like getting up to go get mines out of the room
Can’t believe I haven’t added Kakegurui to my pretty long list of manga to read...
Matti goes back to classes in a few days and if she doesn’t blow up my phone with weird ass history texts and pictures of her feet in class and other normal shit we are no longer married. I WILL NOT PUTUP WITH HER LEAVING ME.
nothing makes my heart happier than reading a bible plan with Jesse at the end of our day
Amazing. Isn't this grand beast. Stealing its surface. [Pidge] Initiating cloak. How do something to your own.
Think I know why MJ said he don't want black ppl to buy his shoes , cause nigs killing for Js
With me. TBH I don't I'll ever get full closure. But I will enjoy the time we did spend together. I wish her nothing but the best and maybe our paths will cross again. But until then, CMH take care of yourself.
Money don’t change you but it do drive you crazy
I haven't even gone back to school yet and I'm already crying myself to sleep over stress goodnight
I’m very bitchy and my attitude is horrible. I don’t think anyone can handle me.
How I have notifications turn ON for once and I still don't get notifications
just because we don't talk doesn't mean I don't think about you, im just trying to distance myself because I know I can't have you.
Golden Globes 2018: Best Beauty Celebrities didn't hold back on the red carpet of the 2018 Golden Globes. Now that award season has begun, Hollywood A-listers are interpreting our favorite beauty trends in unique...
like i literally don’t do anything ever LOL
Weren’t Soulja boy and Chris Brown supposed to fight like last year ?
My goals for 2018 are as follows: 1. Don’t argue/give af about nonsense 2. Get all A’s this semester 3. Get a job/secure the bag 4. By a ps4/become the ultimate gamer 5. Grow my channel
I know i shouldn’t be sleeping with my fan on but
this is my friends vid that’s why it doesn’t sound like me
CRIMINAL MINDS HAS ME SHOOK AS HECK RN WTH I CAN’T IM FREAKIN OUT
omgg my friend said 어린 날개 is awesome and her style even tho she hasn’t been liking kpop recently
Words just don’t cut it for me. I gotta storytell in other mediums. Mixing everything I know and learned
My dad still hasn’t seen my second tattoo and I’m kind of tired of hiding it but like I want him to speak to me
Don't you think if it's meant to be, it will be?
Imagine asserting that rich people have money because they work harder when you can’t even work 8 hour work days & golf every weekend. While poor people work 3 jobs, 80 hour weeks w/no downtime and make PENNIES.
I moved on for the better
But someday I’ll be big enough so you can’t hit me
i came here for the horror not the feels ;;; #B T Soutcast D5 but damn that was nice. can't wait for bonus night !!!
I might have to get over it , but I won’t give up on you
It's amazing watching guys declare players bust after 2 or 3 years kids don't even finish a contract before they are called busts or hall of famers
Nobody wanna smoke for free tonight fuck you den you faggits
I don't want Tae I just want Tae's dog
I get the uneasiness about celebrities running. At the same time, a politician could have given that speech, but a politician didn’t.
Second semester hasn’t even started and these children already have drama and negative vibes. Y’all in college. Grow up. College is not about drama it about GRADUATING to a higher point in your life. Stop entertaining bull crap and force your peers to do better.
Don’t check up on my twitter if you have me blocked. Go the fuck away.
“Ain’t nothing open right now but McDonald’s and legs”
there are two types of people: ones who say “text me when you get home” and you hear from two weeks later, and ones who say “text me when you get home” and text you two hours later if you haven’t texted them
I ain’t tripping on nothing I’m sipping on something
i don’t cry but tomorrow i’m definitely going to shed a couple tears..
If you thought Taylor Swifts "Look (how much effort I don't) do" was bad enough, wait till you hear the kidz bop version.
“‘Pain in my egg.’ Dude, I can’t believe that’s an actual sentence you just said. Please stop speaking.”
James Franco won the award and brought Tommy Wiseau on stage to praise him and show everyone how great he is. He only has a limited amount of time for a speech and didn’t purposely push Tommy away in a mean way.
Can’t we go to work in bikinis this heat is too much
you such a good friend to me sometimes i feel like i don’t deserve you
It is times like now im glad I’m leaving soon and will finally be away from this Lowkey highly illegal job that doesn’t do anything by the fucking books
I'm not driven to anything close to suicide, but I'm just mildly depressed. I don't know why. Maybe it's the jealousy I feel again? I don't know. I just want to go back to normal...
I ain't sayin you treated me unkind. you coulda done better, but I don’t mind. you just kinda wasted my precious time. but don’t think twice, it’s all right.
I don’t understand why people are rude to the people that are taking their order for getting food, like your food is in there hands and you don’t know what’s going on behind the kitchen with your food so be nice!!
i miss my mom i can’t wait for tuesday night when she gets home
I don’t sugar coat shit, I’m not Willy Wonka.
Guy I need to lose weight bc that’s main reason I feel like it don’t work out and females don’t FW me
don’t wanna put stress on ya, just put a blessing on ya.
it’s 5:17am fuck this i’m hungry and i don’t get up until like 7
Up like I don’t have to work both jobs tomorrow smh
Haven't touched Fortnite in like two weeks due to World of Tanks. Gotta get those 10s
I pity people who don’t have a hustle mindset.
don’t dream it’s over // crowded house is such a classic that i’m rediscovering
You ain’t even showing me the love you say you got for me, ain’t no loyalty you lied to me and you said that you was gon ride for me
i just found my cat asleep in the BATHROOM i can’t let him do this it’s making me sad
Don’t want break to end, been the best one yet
On second thought, she shouldn't be my president, but she remains my goddess
I’m asking my bf for a day for his mother and I to bond. If it’s doesn’t happen then, I tried
Feels so good to be home
I wasn't joking when I told ya You take my breath away You're a supernova
Couldn’t ask for a better boyfriend.
Put you on do not disturb and entertain these dudes imma ride him crazy and you’ll never have a clue give another guy everything that belong to you. Don’t get it twisted I can play this game too
Don’t Be Scared To Take A Risk
I’ll rather get money and stack it up I can’t be in my feelings about no fake love or fake hoes
Honestly don’t expect any answers lol
imagine being an afab girl that identifies with a label that literally means girls attracted to girls and trying to say you're trans just because you're nb and don't pass, fuck out of here
RHYTHM GAMES ARE MY S H I T
Ate like shit all weekend back to my diet tomorrow. It also helps that we don’t have food at the house
What’s the best way to say sorry cause “I’m sorry” ain’t good enough for me.. & there’s some of you out there I owe more than just a “I’m sorry”
“You can’t hit it from the back anymore”
don’t believe the shit i tweet, i’m just dramatic asf
A 355 wanted to race me on my way tonight but I can’t afford to get another ticket lmao
God never said it would be easy, that’s why there are guidelines and rules. God isn’t just there for your convenience. You can’t just pick and choose the rules you want to follow. That’s not religion, that’s ignorance.
band aids don't fix bullet holes
> gets up at 7 to go to work > feels like ass cause didn't sleep much > finds out that Monday is also a day off > can't fall back asleep :^)
Break all rules follow ua heart of half of you had to choose you wouldn't know where to start
My favorite thing about the #Golden Globes was the fact I didn't watch it.
#NP Crowded House - Don't Dream It's Over
someone help i can’t stop watching car crash video compilations
21 made it and don’t even wear his jewelry anymore!
“They don’t want a population of citizens capable of critical thinking” us children in school are only taught to be “obedient workers” people who are just smart enough to run machines, and read paper work.
either I don’t have time or I start to lose motivation to finish it :-(
also if i do say something let me know, i'll listen to you i don't like fighting over indirects and shit like that
I don't watch awards shows but from skimming Twitter, I'm already making "YOU GET HEALTH INSURANCE! YOU GET HEALTH INSURANCE! EVERYBODY GETS HEALTH INSURANCE!" tee shirts. # o p r ah 2020
You shouldn’t have to change yourself for anyone.
if you don't like me, please don't ever pretend to like me and then talk shit behind my back.
I'm gonna have to delete a lot of my female friends off of Instagram. These racy photos have got to stop,lol
Feelings have kicked in, the main one of fear and I just don't know how to stop them.
The new semester is almost upon us...you got this! (Don’t be hesitant to use a little help from your friends...at the LRC. We got you.)
Sunday Night and I've been OnCall. And, I'm in the middle of #The Ten Commandments. Wouldn't it be funny, if # M os he looked like #Charlton Heston on #Judgement Day? I'll laugh. #For Nothing Is Impossible For The G O D Of Abraham Isaac And Jacob. # Israel #USA # Canada
Without certain albums/songs, I wouldn’t be able to remember some of the memories I’ve made
like i didn't even think it sounded like anything until someone said something so you definitely can't say it's a ripoff
You gotta have some type of hustle about ya, if not we can’t fuck off.
I can’t believe I sprained my ankle
the stray kids video, im dead pls y'all don't miss the artwork that they’re
in response to ‘men ain’t shit’ my sister said, ‘yeah, just look at the Bible, I’m assuming a man wrote that one’
responsibilities are stressing me right now hahaa I don't want to go outside but I need to.
now i'm off to sleep i can't even keep my eyes open bye
My favorite songs aren't just for the melody. The words truly speak to my heart and my emotions
Also since I started watching them, I haven't watched a single beauty guru video
I won’t be in the morning though lol I’m gonna kms
A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's printed on.
last semester mood: haven't checked my email in a week, not sure what my class schedule is, hoping i ordered the right books, where's my backpack
Don't call this phone i got an early date w Tory
us humans don’t know much about anything
“cripping up” is very slowly gathering condemnation, but overall doesn’t seem to hold much contempt in general society . We condemn Whitewashing,Cultural erasure yet accept able bodied performers taking roles that disabled performers should rightfully perform.
I’m not use to gestures on iPhone with 3D Touch. Press and hold without applying pressure isn’t the same as applying pressure.
If you haven’t watched Cable Girls idk what you’re doing with your life
& a month later i wouldn’t want it any other way .
I’m already over school and it hasn’t even started
been so stressed out lately i can’t even sleep
Alright I'm mad hungry n can't decide help
idk if that last tweet was confusing or not.... it probably was cuz i didn’t know how to word it.... but all i’m saying is don’t try prying into the twins personal lives!! i love this fandom and all of you!
now don’t nobody shop at H&M
Don't you just L O V E how the oppressors (in any dynamic) only see the said oppression as bad when they think they're at risk of being oppressed? (ie "reverse racism" , "hetero/cisphobia" , "the war on Christmas" , etc)
Love is not competition. If you love someone make them feel. If you don't tell them. Never play their feelings.
Now Playing:Jason Aldean - They Don't Know
I honestly don’t even be mad I just be telling it like it is
It’s painful to say goodbye to someone you don’t want to let go, but more painful to ask someone to stay when you know they want to leave.
I know, know I'm scared of commitment But tell me who isn't, tell me who isn't
The IOC got chocolate machine is literally all that and then some. I can’t wait until the olympics is in LA, cuz I’m gonna finesse some hot chocolate out the village. Wether I’m on the team or not.
So, I'm back on my bullshit and Im drawing at 1am cause Im an idiot that doesn't know when to start a new doodle
I leave with this: We haven’t seen nothing yet of this corrupt # O b am a administration stay tuned. #MAGA P ray for this leadership it’s under attack spiritually. # P ray for the needy, poor, despaired. Nte friends #Jesus Saves
if you’re a black woman and you don’t wear a bonnet when you go to bed at night then what are you doing with your life¿
If you don’t give a fuck about what I’m doing, then why tf you so worried about what I got going on Issa FAN
My dear brothers and sisters in Islam, do not despair the Mercy of Allah, for He s.w.t. says immediately in the next ayah: Except those who repent, and believe, and do righteous deeds [‘amila ‘amalan solihan]… [Surah Al-Furqan 25:70]
everyone is sending le goodmorning snaps while I haven't slept yet
It's difficult to make a choice you know you have to make but more difficult when you don't
don’t talk to me until they up the dosage of my anti-depressants and i go into mania and then i won’t even wanna talk to you anymore cos i’ll be too busy disassociating and astral projecting into the 8th dimension so
If this wasn’t 2017 idk what was
I've had 1 class. At work since 9:30. Went for lunch and I'm so sleepy. Still have 3/4 more classes, but I really don't know how it'll get done.
i don't know what to feel!!! cuz i truly don't trust that frog wit any ounce of my being.....so...im gonna calm myself down
I’m glad i don’t care about anyone else’s business but my own , cause my fb in shambles about shit that ain’t got nothing to do with anyone
With that being said... I don't ask anyone for anything and if I do, it's either very little to nothing or something really big.
well, i can't say no to this.
I was going to try and figure out how to temporary mute all tweets with Oprah so I could catch up on my feed. Then I remembered I don’t care and I’m exhausted. Screw it I’m going to bed
I'm not perfect and I don't have to be, by being ME is what makes me happy.
Dexonic deleted his twitter. Guess he doesn't want to see what's going to happen anymore.
Been so aggravated with people y'all don't understand. My cut off game real strong. Don't piss me off
lol this dude who did those swatting attacks whole moral saving point is that he didn't personally kill anybody, it was the cops who did
Then there is ASU who can outscore and shoot anyone, but is also capable of losing to anyone bc of their incompitence on defense. Starting to think they are more of a second weekend team at best. You just can’t defend this poorly and win anything big.
There are moments when I kinda think about me being a professional d&d streamer on twitch but then I remember I don’t have friends
I don’t have a ride to work tomorrow because my mother asked if I banged and I said I shut my closet door and then said “sorry” and according to my mother I was rude and had an attitude bitch honestly wtf
Try your best to use coping skills to not allow your past experiences harm your future. Friendly reminder that your past CANNOT be altered and your future doesn’t deserve the punishment of suffering. Let it go, breathe. Better things are coming.
Cool, but I remember when you didn't.
guess who's team member of the month at work
I haven’t even been to school yet, and I’m ready for it to be over... # graduation come faster
“you didn’t tell me that” “I did but you were sleeping”
Dresden? Don't you see? We're the same -- above these worthless side projects!
It actually isn’t as bad as I thought it to be
My son keeps lying about feeling sick because he doesn’t want to go to school tomorrow. Damn y’all males start lying this early in life? Wow.
I can't sleep with the TV on i like it pitch black at night....
Luke not seasoned enough to know that he doesn’t have to respond to Lavar ball comments? Lol
I ain’t jumping down no female throat behind shit she wanna do..
it’s fucked how depression & abusing drugs is made out to seem “cool” in society today. that shit ain’t cool
So yesterday was my 23rd birthday ,and to all the mfs that didn't wish me a happy birthday are DEAD to me funk body ass bitches
And I don’t feel those kinds of things, but don’t you cry for me. I used to feel everything.
Just because you have one doesn't mean you need to act like one.
He doesn’t want a big puppy though but little does he know it’s going to be a big puppy... a bulldog of some sort...
Don’t play with me, play with yo bitch
Lord show me the way I don’t want to be lead astray.
I'm not breaking my back anymore for people who don't deserve it and ain't paying me for it. The only reason i started doing more in the house is because grandma was doing so much without help, and she doesn't deserve that.
Idc if ima be holding your hand all night, you ain’t going out with your cheeks all showing
I venture, at that they perform various considerations different conditions and amount of such virtues, especially important,
If you’re ever feeling bad about yourself, at least you aren’t the Braums PR guy.
you said you can’t live without me, so why aren’t you dead yet?
Lord forgive me for things I don’t understand..
I have two copies of wedding crashers but for some reason I wanna watch it on Netflix and I don’t have Netflix anymore lmao
Niggas be on the outside lookin in don't ever forget that
I'm having trouble mentally preparing for tomorrow's return to work so I guess I just won't
"I really don't need these fingers, if i can't touch your spin" I wish a women would... I'd just be so into her at that point.
if your absence doesn’t affect them , then your presence never mattered
I'm convinced this world doesn't want me to be great
I mean, really Jacksonville? You couldn’t cover an 8.5-point spread at home against the Bills, who only scored three points? Really???
Really sad I didn’t find HIMYM sooner
Fly high mason I didn’t know you personally but I know you kicked ass on the mat
I forgot I honestly don’t care
My Star Wars headcanon is that Snoke didn't "get to Kylo" he was just kinda emo and his parents read his journal and all the adults WAY overreacted
I always get asked if I wear foundation. I don’t, i just use hemp lotion as a moisturizer
actresses don’t say this maybe b/c they know what would happen... but, there are way more female leads than female directors &
you got me tempted to say fuck it, where my hoes at? but I know that they don't last that's why I don't go back. I stay put, I want you. I don't care I want youuuu
I haven't "fully" gotten a chance to use CPI so nows the time!
When I catch myself getting in my feelings I just smoke a blunt & ko.. I don’t got time
If you’re not cultured enough to fairuz and chill w me then I don’t want u bye
I'm just gonna say it: sometimes social media feminists make jokes out of some pretty fucked up things that shouldn't be supported, but online culture maintains that critiquing or pointing out mistakes on their part = being anti-feminist
I wish I wasn’t so ugly lol
Everyone gets horny sometimes, don't be embarrassed by it.
jumanji was freaking hilarious i couldn't stop laughing
Wow that tweet was dumb. I don’t even think Trill AC would tweet something so dumb & that’s saying a lot
Falling asleep without you doesn’t feel the same..
I can't wait to wear mask for my eyebags can feeling comfortable
I can’t wait until this medicine kicks in
Fuckin around with sword art online I forgot to put my sheets and blankets in the dryer. It’s after 11 and I can’t lay down on a bald mattress :(
BUY (T+2) BHARATFORG AROUND 748 SL BELOW 734; TGT- 765-775
One thing I’m not fixing to do is beg for someone to stay in my life, don’t let the door hitcha on the way out b
don’t complain when you trying to run game on someone and they run it up on you better.
I’m too young to be “cuffed” I’m all tunnel visioned rn and don’t have the time for allat. Shit I can barely multi task
This anxiety is irritating tf outa me.. I can’t sleep
They are going to Antonio’s I’m in too far gone by Cane Hill at uta but I hadn’t even seen people ask for empowering
If you don’t make mistakes, you don’t make anything.
My new courses have online discussion boards and I have to participate in them and I don't want to be an egg so I need a really subtle icon
I was gonna work on not cursing as much for 2018 but fuck that I can't help it
Aren't you glad you Zumba? Check out this video on YouTube:
My mom’s Amazon Echo Dot plays music on its own without any commands from anyone and wouldn’t turn off the lamp when you tell it to.
It doesn’t cost anything to spread love y’all
I told him I'm not interested, my friend told him to cut it out multiple times. It isn't going anywhere, leave me alone!!
I’m over here giving relationship advice & I haven’t even been in a relationship in over 2 years .. lolz.
I am overwhelmed with my TL tonight. So many powerful stories and emotions. Just want to encourage the dudes on here to read some. Don’t ignore what’s happening here in order to stay in the safety and comfortability of your own privilege.
Man I didn't know i can run that damn fast omm I ran like the laws was on my ass
I'm waiting 4 hours for withdraw conformation.So slow.Can't even submit support ticket.
I really hate when they claim they’ve been touched by demons, I can’t dispute it, I just don’t think you have. #Ghost Adventures
And now Jerry is doing the John Madden thing. Ho boy this is the whole episode isn't it.
And I've been waiting for you all this time I adore you, can't you see, you're meant for me? Summer's hot but I've been cold without you
I can't believe it's been a week of 2018 already, what a start to the year.
Almost got a chinchilla today, but I couldn’t. So now my hunny is getting me a kitty tomorrow.
apparently i’m a “hoe” to a coward who can’t say it to my face
Am I the only one that haven't got the flu shot
I can't wait to have my own house. Hopefully I get a call back sooon
I’m so tired of that stupid fucking game, I can’t wait till this shit is over
Sorry I didn’t tweet during tonight’s golden globes but I did for a short time and then stopped also sorry for watching the power on stars marathon tonight lol sorry
I Will Do Anything For Gove (But I Won't Pay Tax) #Make Asong Middle Class
I don’t got much time to give but she want it
Nah! I didn't think you'd win with that one!
One thing I really appreciated about GOT7 was that their songs weren't just meaninglessly masculine. KPOP is very gendered. It's almost a hetero drag show. But even in those paradigms there are varying degrees of emotional substance in the music.
Inter or else Inter or else Don't be far from me Take the new past It's the world, i'm leaving W w the red villa with me
Don't ever try to use the excuse you're dealing with a lot as a way to justify being a dick. Grow the fuck up and deal with your life
Videos I don't want to watch: Juices Death Opies Death Compilations of Juice saying "I'm sorry," and getting beaten up.
burying a little one tomorrow who i admit i didn’t know well at all, still i am heartbroken for his family— his mom is like a second mother to me and i can only imagine how much she is hurting
Senior movie night I can’t even think about it
every time i come home alone my family always asks where cameron is and why he isn’t with me “dad it’s sunday night & i have school & he has work in the morning” “i don’t care, where is he at” lmao love
I can’t sleep… so I’m just gonna stop trying.
You won't find anyone willing to spend the resources and receive nothing in return.
Come on baby girl.....don’t be stupid now
My biggest is flaw is that I can’t Harlem shake :( like I just can’t do it and it bothers me so much
I can't wait to just own a dog and come home to a lovable fur ball
I can’t hold a note , but I am the best singer I have ever heard
I'm sure Oprah's speech was good, and I know we're desperate for grace and decency, but come on people! Didn't trump teach you that one good speech does not a president make?
saying goodbye to my mom and knowing I won’t be seeing her for weeks will always be really tough on me, so much love for that woman
It's crazy how men that beat on women get more then a 2nd chance but the ones out here trying to do something right doesn't get shit. How is that ?
Reason # 4,752 why I love Keegan: I had to go home so he updated me about our TV show the whole way home then facetimed me the end of the show so I wouldn't miss anything.
I don’t know if I’m out of the doghouse for Pop Team Epic yet though
Kinda want to go on a date but I don’t have a date sooooo who wants dinner and a movie soon?
My son Bruce Wayne really can’t die. # Gotham
I just be driving I really don’t have a clue how I get from point a to b when I know the road it’s terrifying lol
Learn from the mistakes of others. You can't live long enough to make them all yourself. -Eleanor Roosevelt
GP Vegas is modern and limited buuuuuuut if I wanted to play in the main event and can’t handle playing hour after hour of storm is cruel ultimatum a thing in modern?
Can’t wait to go back to school and get more stress breakouts after the two weeks it took my skin to recover.
I don’t remember if I mentioned won breakfast. So overall today was a tie.
Dear 90s babies, If you have never seen the Harry Potter movies, did you even have a childhood?? No, no you didn’t! Sincerely, All Harry Potter Geeks, myself included #Harry Potter
Don’t underestimate the power of completing simple tasks like making your bed in the morning.
Ya’ll love calling Chris Brown a crackhead like Bruno ain’t just take the last 7 years on the coke train. Move tf around
I'm not really into our local celebrities gossip but you shouldn't provoke someone when he's mentally unwell. He needs help. You outta all people should know that. Are you that different from those who posting dumb s**t on the internet? # i q r a m d i n z l y # u s t a z # shameful #Melodi T V3
As much as I just wanna run to you and hold you... I know I can’t. I know you’re stressed enough without me acting up. Without me disrespecting your need for space from me..
told her we can fuck but don't get comfortable
Be enthusiastic as a leader. You can?t light a fire with a wet match. - Unknown
Last week i was emailed a nude so that’s why i didn’t say all month
If I was in the NFL I wouldn’t even trip on being a back up.. chill on the bench and get paid lol
Even the blind can see , you ain’t gone ride for me.
If you’ve never wanted to punch sam in the face you really aren’t her friend
Don't compare your Chapter 1 to someone else's Chapter 20.
Juice Box has it mixed up.
I don't really get all the Frances McDormand love. She does have a DGAF attitude and she is very talented but she says the bare minimum.
Dear men, Don’t destroy your destiny by womanizing. Indiscriminately having sex with different women is not enjoyment. You are merely opening up yourself to too many interferences on your physical, emotional and spiritual well being. Sex is not just physical #Renos Nuggets
If at first you don't succeed, you're not Chuck Norris.
hate to pretend as if it isn’t happening
Then next thing I know I got the crazy dumb feelings and you don’t and next thing you know I’m looking like a crazy person
how am it i would thinks allen keyframes robot just like can't say i am life a robot keyframes
I don’t talk to nobody no more and it’s boring
# now playing : T. Rex / Ele c tri c Warrior # c 1971 #glamro c k
“You can’t be a real programmer unless you know <foo>” Let me assure you, you would be astonished at what I don’t know.
“Women that play hard to get don’t get got”
I can't wait to get new tattoos
I hope this life don't get you down
7) I’ve thought about it and having never been in a relationship I’m not sure. Maybe someday but I don’t think I’d want it to be a big shebang. Let’s go sign papers and we good pal
At this point in my life I don’t even stress over being so stressed about anything, it’s like I’m numb
my mom was trying to tell me they weren’t gonna give timothee an award just because he’s so young YOU DONT KNOW WHAT I KNOW
i have the flu so anyone who likes or rts me also has the flu. sorry i don't make the rules
i haven’t even had my iphone 7 for a year yet and it’s already slowing down
i've already added to the plot that hyungwon would ultimately be the one causing the entire story as he didn't want minhyuk in the group to begin with which causes the argument that leads to 2 members disappearing lmao backstory galore for that
I’m supposed to watch a 90 minute documentary and read a whole chapter by tomorrow but I literally can’t focus on school for more than 5 minutes right now so that’s a no
I can’t wait to move omg
can’t wait til my periods over so I stop thinking i’m in love
you think i’m playing hard to get but i just don’t want you :/
why aren’t rom-coms a thing anymore??
NFL tapped Kendrick Lamar for half time show, don't Be fooled by the song and dance ... (Kendrick shoulda curved for the culture tho)
I swear you gotta be witty and intelligent to like white humor like The Office, so if you don’t find It funny...
Wait. CelestiaVega doesn’t have hair LMFAO
Since it’s Sunday i was hoping to hear from Miguel but I didn’t and this make me more saddddddd
When a fellow says it ain't the money but the principle of the thing, it's the money. Artemus Ward
It’s ain’t a real friendship till y’all share your locations
Mean Kitty's Music Purrrfection Is now playing 09 - Use It Up And Wear It Out by Odyssey!
Starting that healthy life tomorrow...Meaning eating better and losing weight! I got this! To those who are doing the same you got this too! We can all do it don’t let anyone tell you otherwise!
lol the fact i have to go back to school next week makes me so fucking sad lmao i need to uhhh not sleep so i can cram the things i wanna do before i don’t have time to do anything else :-)
Literally I have never been as angry as I am tonight. Like I am fuming mad right now and I can't even say why. I'm actually gritting my teeth as I write this that's how hyped I am.
: tbh hope your cool asf and I hope you doing good and you don’t lose our streak
If you don't like a certain someone, why would you waste your precious time to stalk them, spreading words about them. Why don't you just ignore, move on and live your life? I just don't get it.
I broke my phone and I hate myself so much for it because I always pay for my own stuff now and I still don’t learn to take care of my stuff ;(
Ain’t none of this shit promised.
I could be here all day for the floor set and I swear I still wouldn’t finish on time
Twitter is the reason I haven’t seen the new IT movie I hate y’all
Be strong. Have an opinion. But don't have an attitude.
How you a nigga and don’t know how to change a flat
Sad to say I don’t feel deeply connected to anyone anymore
I kinda talked to the INFJ about it but I didn’t wanna drag them into it.
I want someone like Klaus, Damon & Stefan.
I have work at 5 am and I can’t even go home yet bc of a fucking game my family wants to play
When God gives you a new beginning, don’t repeat the same mistake .
If you send Me a message without having send a tribute... you won’t just sit in my message requests. You’ll be blocked, eternally silenced from My sexy, superior self. Why would you want that? Do what you know is vital. Send. # f i n d o m
Oprah’s speech at the GG’s had me holding my breath for the entire 9 minutes. But damn black women still out here needing motivation and reassurance that WE.ARE.WORTH. This society wasn’t built for us to prosper. # sip that tea
really don’t know whether or not to audition for cabaret
hoes I don’t play with, I hate all that fake shit
speedwagon: -this absolute fucking asshole stole a dead man's hat who the fuck does he think he is -zeppelis hat since he apparently loves it so much -people who don't own nice hats -it was unjust what he did -he returns zeppelis hat
Sometimes you gotta humble yourself out and remember you don’t know everything
when you already have one dog and two cats but you want another dog cause you don’t think there is enough animals.
Harry Potter video games were the shit hands down. I don’t care what anybody says.
To Successful people #Monday Blue Doesn't exists. #Monday Motivation
I can't believe I'm seeing one of my favourite bands in two weeks time and I don't have to go to vancouver for it god bless
Okay but justin timberlakes new song is shit tho
Don’t wanna give too much away to you, You still can’t see what it is you do
Same gang same team neva switch sides
"Determining a decision with an algorithm doesn’t automatically make it reliable and trustworthy; just like quantifying something with data doesn’t automatically make it true."
Let me get on up out of here and go read my one hour before bed so all my 2018 plans don’t go to shit before the first week is out. G’nite!
When someone is killed, the person who died isn’t the only one dead. Anyone who was connected to that person died too.
i have to loudly announce “IM GOING TO GO PEE NOW” so that the little girl staying at my house doesn’t follow me there
